 BSU started the fourth quarter by throwing two incomplete passes . Tharp then completed two passes for a combined 39 yards before Pirates ' defender J.J. Milbrook intercepted Tharp 's fifth pass of the quarter . Milbrook returned the interception 27 yards . The Pirates completed one first down but failed to convert the interception into points . Kicker Matt Dodge came into the game , ostensibly to punt the ball away . In a trick play , he rushed the ball instead , picking up the first down . Despite the trick play 's success , the Pirates were not able to gain another first down . On fourth down , Dodge came out again , and this time punted the ball 47 yards for a touchback . The Broncos began the second drive of the fourth quarter by going 80 yards in nine plays for a touchdown . It took just three minutes and 59 seconds and BSU only three first downs . Boise had now cut the Pirates ' lead to 38 – 31 . 
 On the next drive , ECU brought in a new quarterback , Rob Kass . Kass was initially successful , and gained a few first downs . The Boise State defense stiffened , however , and ECU was forced to punt the ball away . After a touchback , Boise State began on its 20 – yard line . Running back Jeremy Avery rushed for four yards on the first play . On the third play , Tharp completed a pass for nine yards for a first down . Tharp then passed three straight times for 32 yards and two first downs . On subsequent plays , Tharp rushed for six yards and passed for another six to convert BSU 's third first down of the drive . Three plays later , however , the Broncos ' Titus Young fumbled the ball for the second time in the game , and as before , ECU recovered , seemingly sealing the victory . 
 After a Boise State unsportsmanlike conduct penalty , ECU began its their 39 – yard line , needing only to rush the ball to keep the clock moving in order to secure the win . On the second rush by Chris Johnson , however , he fumbled the ball . The fumble was recovered by Broncos ' defender Marty Tadman at the ECU 47 – yard line and returned all the way for a touchdown . After the PAT , Boise State tied East Carolina 38 – 38 . The fumble and touchdown turned what had been an inevitable ECU victory into a tie game . 
 Boise kicked the ball deep , hoping to stop the Pirates ' offense and force overtime . Following the kick , ECU began at its own nine – yard line . The Pirates began the drive with one minute and 16 seconds left in the game . Dominique Lindsay rushed for two yards before Rob Kass completed a pass to Jamar Bryant for 39 yards , enough for a first down near midfield . The Pirates ' continued to move forward , passing for short yardage and rushing for short gains that kept the clock moving , but advanced the ball closer to field goal range . On the third to the last play , Kass rushed for seven yards , and ECU took a timeout with 15 seconds left . Rob Kass lost one yard while moving the ball towards the center of the field in order to set up a game @-@ ending kick . ECU took its last timeout , again stopping the clock . With four seconds remaining on the clock , ECU kicker Ben Hartman converted a 34 – yard field goal to take the lead and the win , 41 – 38 , as time ran out . 
 
 = = Final statistics = = 
 
 East Carolina running back Chris Johnson finished the game with 223 rushing yards , 32 receiving yards , and 153 return yards for a total of 408 all @-@ purpose yards . That mark broke the NCAA bowl record for all @-@ purpose yards previously set by Alabama 's Sherman Williams against Ohio State in the 1995 Citrus Bowl . On the basis of his record @-@ setting performance , Johnson was named the game 's Most Valuable Player . On the opposite side of the ball , Boise State tailback Jeremy Avery had a solid , if unspectacular , outing . He produced 69 rushing yards , 43 receiving yards , 41 kick – return yards , and caught a 25 – yard touchdown pass . Both Johnson and Avery received the Most Valuable Player award for their respective teams . 
 Boise State committed four turnovers , compared with East Carolina 's one . The Broncos fumbled the ball away twice and threw two interceptions . Despite the disparity in turnover margin , the teams were strikingly similar in several statistical categories , indicating the closeness of the game : Each team earned seven points off the turnovers . Both teams committed 50 yards in penalties ; the Pirates had seven penalties to the Broncos ' four . In addition , both teams earned 22 first downs . 
 
 = = = Boise State statistical recap = = = 
 
 Boise State University had 368 total offensive yards during the game . About 73 % of BSU 's total offense came through the air , as quarterback Taylor Tharp passed for 270 yards . The remaining 98 yards came on the ground from five different rushers . Running back Jeremy Avery ran for a team @-@ high 69 yards on 10 carries , while running back D.J. Harper had the only Boise State rushing touchdown of the game . 
 Tharp 's 30 completions were caught by eight different receivers . Austin Pettis led the team with nine catches for 89 yards , and his total accounted for one – third of the team 's receiving yards . Two receivers , Jeremy Avery and Ryan Putnam , accounted for all of the team 's receiving touchdowns . Avery had four catches for 43 yards , while Putnam had one catch for three yards . 
 Taylor Tharp 's two interceptions were the second @-@ most he had thrown in a game during 2007 , and brought his season interception total to 11 . He completed 30 of 44 pass attempts , a completion percentage of 68 @.@ 2 % . His 270 yards were 13 yards more than his season average of 257 yards . With only two passing touchdowns , Tharp tied for his third @-@ worst passing game in 2007 , faring worse only in the win against Weber State , loss to Washington , win against Fresno State , and loss to Hawaiʻi . Tharp was sacked once by Pirates ' defensive lineman C.J. Wilson for a seven yard loss . 
 Boise State 's defense had a hard time stopping the East Carolina offense , especially in the first half . The Pirates ' 31 points were the most scored all year by East Carolina in the first half . Leading the Broncos ' defense was safety Marty Tadman . Tadman had seven solo tackles , three assisted tackles , and recorded a defensive touchdown after recovering Chris Johnson 's fumble late in the fourth quarter . Linebacker Kyle Gingg also starred on defense , recording seven solo tackles , one assisted tackle , and one tackle for a one @-@ yard loss . A total of 23 players recorded at least one tackle . 
 Kyle Brotzman handled all the kicking duties for Boise State , punting the ball four times for 169 yards . His longest punt was 52 yards , and one kick was downed inside the Pirates ' 20 yard line . His only field goal was a 31 – yard kick that came with three minutes and 11 seconds left in the third quarter . Brotzman kicked off seven times for 384 yards , averaging 54 @.@ 9 yards per kick with no touchbacks . Marty Tadman had BSU 's only punt return for -1 yard . The Broncos ' special teams had more luck on kickoff returns . Three players had kickoff returns . Austin Smith returned four kickoffs for 173 yards . His 89 – yard return for a touchdown in the first quarter was the team 's longest of the game and gave Boise State its only lead of the game . Jeremy Avery returned two kicks for 41 yards , and Titus Young returned one kick for 52 yards . 
 Boise State controlled the time of possession only during the fourth quarter , when the Broncos scored 14 points to tie the game . Overall , however , Boise State only controlled the ball for 26 minutes and 16 seconds , in comparison to East Carolina 's 33 minutes and 44 seconds . 
 
 = = = East Carolina statistical recap = = = 
 
 Almost 70 % of the Pirates ' rushing offense came from running back Chris Johnson , and the rushing offense itself consisted of two – thirds of East Carolina 's total offensive effort . Six additional rushers contributed 99 yards on the ground . The longest rush of the game – 68 yards – came from Johnson . Quarterback Patrick Pinkney played much of the game , completing 12 passes in 19 attempts . Pinkney threw for 118 yards and one touchdown , but the longest pass came from the Pirates ' second quarterback , Rob Kass . Kass threw a 36 – yard pass in the fourth quarter to keep the Pirates ' game @-@ winning drive alive . The pass was Kass 's only completion out of three attempts . Almost one – third of East Carolina 's total offense came from the air . 
 Ben Hartman and Matt Dodge both contributed to East Carolina 's kicking game . Dodge punted the ball seven times for 302 yards . His longest was a 61 – yard kick , and he had four touchbacks . Hartman and Dodge shared kickoff duty . Dodge had four kickoffs , compared with Hartman 's three . Dodge averaged 60 @.@ 5 yards per kick , while Hartman averaged 57 yards . In addition , Hartman added six points to the scoreboard from field goal attempts . He was two for two , with the second field goal attempt being the game @-@ winner in the fourth quarter . Dwayne Harris handled all punt returns . He fielded two punts , returning them for a total of five yards . Kickoff @-@ return duty was handled by Chris Johnson . He returned six kickoffs for 153 yards , with his longest return consisting of 39 yards . 
 East Carolina 's defense managed a strong performance statistically and in real terms . The most obvious examples of this were the two interceptions and two forced fumbles . On the first play of the second drive of the second quarter , Boise State quarterback Taylor Tharp threw an interception to defensive back Travis Williams . Williams also recorded eight solo tackles — the second @-@ highest total for the Pirates – and a forced fumble . The other interception came from defensive back J.J. Milbrook , who also boasted three solo tackles , tying him for fifth – best on the team . Linebacker Jeremy forced the final Broncos turnover , gaining the ball and four yards on the play . In addition to his forced fumble , Chambliss recorded four solo tackles . The Pirates ' defense as a whole only gave up three yards in the first quarter and did not allow a first down until halfway through the second quarter . 
 That strong defensive effort limited the Broncos ' third – down conversion rate to 50 % . Until the fourth quarter , BSU was just two for seven on third – down attempts . On offense , the Pirates fared slightly better , going six for fifteen on third downs . 
 
 = = After @-@ effects = = 
 
 The win by East Carolina knocked # 24 Boise State out of the final AP Poll of the year . This was the first time BSU was not ranked in the AP Poll top 25 since October 28 , 2007 . Because of his impressive performance , Chris Johnson was invited to the 2008 Senior Bowl . After the game , East Carolina finished the season 8 @-@ 5 , the highest win total since 2000 . This also marked Coach Skip Holtz 's first Bowl win . Boise State finished the season 10 @-@ 3 . This marked Coach Chris Petersen first post @-@ season loss . 
 
 
 = The Boat Race 1999 = 
 
 The 145th Boat Race took place on 3 April 1999 . Held annually , the Boat Race is a side @-@ by @-@ side rowing race between crews from the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge along the River Thames . Featuring the tallest rower in Boat Race history , Cambridge won the race in the second @-@ fastest time ever . It was their seventh consecutive victory in the event . 
 In the reserve race , Cambridge 's Goldie defeated Oxford 's Isis in the fastest time ever , while Cambridge won the Women 's Boat Race . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 The Boat Race is a side @-@ by @-@ side rowing competition between the University of Oxford ( sometimes referred to as the " Dark Blues " ) and the University of Cambridge ( sometimes referred to as the " Light Blues " ) . First held in 1829 , the race takes place on the 4 @.@ 2 @-@ mile ( 6 @.@ 8 km ) Championship Course on the River Thames in southwest London . The rivalry is a major point of honour between the two universities and followed throughout the United Kingdom and broadcast worldwide . Cambridge went into the race as reigning champions , having won the 1998 race by three lengths , with Cambridge leading overall with 75 victories to Oxford 's 68 ( excluding the " dead heat " of 1877 ) . 
 The first Women 's Boat Race took place in 1927 , but did not become an annual fixture until the 1960s . Up until 2014 , the contest was conducted as part of the Henley Boat Races , but as of the 2015 race , it is held on the River Thames , on the same day as the men 's main and reserve races . The reserve race , contested between Oxford 's Isis boat and Cambridge 's Goldie boat has been held since 1965 . It usually takes place on the Tideway , prior to the main Boat Race . 
 Andrew Lindsay was confident that the Oxford crew would be more motivated than their opponents : " our advantage over Cambridge is that we are hungry for the victory . Everyone in the Oxford boat is driven to go and win this damn thing " . He was making his third and final appearance in the race having lost in both the 1997 and 1998 race . His grandfather represented Cambridge in the 1930s , and his uncle , Alexander Lindsay , rowed for the losing Oxford crew in the 1959 race before triumphing the following year . Cambridge boat club president and Canadian international rower Brad Crombie was also making his third Boat Race appearance , attempting to complete a hat @-@ trick of victories . Sean Bowden was the head coach of Oxford . His Cambridge counterpart , Robin Williams , suggested " it still feels like all or nothing to us . The fear of defeat , the aim of trying to push the limits is motivation itself " . Just as he had done in the 1993 race , umpire Mark Evans introduced modifications to the starting procedure , suggesting that he would be content to hold the crews for up to ten seconds between issuing the " set " and " go " commands . Cambridge 's Williams remarked : " I 'm happy as long as both crews abide by it " , Bowden was nonplussed " Go is when you start races . I 'm happy . " 
 The race was sponsored for the first time by Aberdeen Asset Management , and both crews were competing for the Aberdeen Asset Trophy . It was the fiftieth anniversary of the BBC 's coverage of the event and over the preceding five years had secured an average audience in excess of six million . 
 
 = = Crews = = 
 
 The Oxford crew weighed @-@ in at an average of 14 st 10 lb ( 93 @.@ 2 kg ) , 0 @.@ 5 pounds ( 0 @.@ 23 kg ) more per rower than Cambridge . Josh West , rowing at number four for Cambridge , became the tallest rower in Boat Race history at 6 ft 9 in ( 2 @.@ 06 m ) . The Oxford crew comprised three Britons , three Americans , a Swede , a Canadian and a German , while Cambridge were represented by five Britons , two Americans , a German and a Canadian . Three former Blues returned for Cambridge in Wallace , Crombie and Smith , while Oxford saw Humphreys and Lindsay return . Vian Sharif , the Cambridge cox , became the tenth female to steer a Boat Race crew , and was the lightest competitor at the event since the 1986 race . 
 
 = = Race = = 
 
 Bookmakers could not initially separate the crews , offering odds on for either boat to win . However , as the start of the race approached , Williams had suggested that he was worried by his crew 's " inconsistency " and Oxford were declared favourites . Cambridge won the toss and elected to start from the Surrey station . Despite being warned by umpire Davis , Cambridge were soon half @-@ a @-@ length ahead , and a second clear by the Mile Post . The lead was extended to a length by Hammersmith Bridge and Sharif had steered her boat into a better angle of attack . Pushing on , Cambridge were seven seconds up by Chiswick Steps and nine seconds at Barnes Railway Bridge . They passed the finishing post three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths ahead , with an eleven @-@ second advantage over the Dark Blues . The Light Blues finished in 16 minutes 41 seconds , a time only bettered once before , in 1998 . It was the first time since 1936 that Cambridge had secured seven consecutive victories . 
 In the reserve race , Cambridge 's Goldie beat Oxford 's Isis by one @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half lengths , their ninth victory in ten years , and in a record time of 16 minutes 58 seconds which beat the fastest time recorded in 1996 and repeated in 1998 . Cambridge won the 51st Women 's Boat Race by one length in a time of 6 minutes 1 second , their eighth consecutive victory . 
 
 = = Reaction = = 
 
 Oxford 's Bowden was dumbstruck : " I 'm really floored . I just haven 't got any answers until I talk to the crew . " His number four , Toby Ayer admitted : " my impression is that they were quicker than us and that is a very hard thing to have to say . " Cambridge 's Williams noted : " I thought it would be a bit more competitive than that . " Cambridge boat club president Crombie exclaimed " that 's the most fun I 've ever had rowing for Cambridge . " 
 
 
 = Hoysala literature = 
 
 Hoysala literature is the large body of literature in the Kannada and Sanskrit languages produced by the Hoysala Empire ( 1025 – 1343 ) in what is now southern India . The empire was established by Nripa Kama II , came into political prominence during the rule of King Vishnuvardhana ( 1108 – 1152 ) , and declined gradually after its defeat by the Khilji dynasty invaders in 1311 . 
 Kannada literature during this period consisted of writings relating to the socio @-@ religious developments of the Jain and Veerashaiva faiths , and to a lesser extent that of the Vaishnava faith . The earliest well @-@ known brahmin writers in Kannada were from the Hoysala court . While most of the courtly textual production was in Kannada , an important corpus of monastic Vaishnava literature relating to Dvaita ( dualistic ) philosophy was written by the renowned philosopher Madhvacharya in Sanskrit . 
 Writing Kannada literature in native metres was first popularised by the court poets . These metres were the sangatya , compositions sung to the accompaniment of a musical instrument ; shatpadi , six @-@ line verses ; ragale , lyrical compositions in blank verse ; and tripadi , three @-@ line verses . However , Jain writers continued to use the traditional champu , composed of prose and verse . Important literary contributions in Kannada were made not only by court poets but also by noblemen , commanders , ministers , ascetics and saints associated with monasteries . 
 
 = = Kannada writings = = 
 
 
 = = = Overview = = = 
 
 Beginning with the 12th century , important socio @-@ political changes took place in the Deccan , south of the Krishna river . During this period , the Hoysalas , native Kannadigas from the Malnad region ( hill country in modern Karnataka ) were on the ascendant as a political power . They are known to have existed as chieftains from the mid @-@ 10th century when they distinguished themselves as subordinates of the Western Chalukyas of Kalyani . In 1116 , Hoysala King Vishnuvardhana defeated the Cholas of Tanjore and annexed Gangavadi ( parts of modern southern Karnataka ) , thus bringing the region back under native rule . In the following decades , with the waning of the Chalukya power , the Hoysalas proclaimed independence and grew into one of the most powerful ruling families of southern India . Consequently , literature in Kannada , the local language , flourished in the Hoysala empire . This literature can be broadly subdivided as follows : works dominated by the themes of Jain writings , contrasting works by Veerashaiva writers not belonging to the vachana poetic tradition , rebuttals to Shaiva writings from Jain writers , early brahminical works ( Vaishnava ) , works from the birth of the Bhakti ( devotional ) movement in the Kannada @-@ speaking region , writings on secular topics , and the first writings in native metres ( ragale , sangatya and shatpadi ) . 
 As in earlier centuries , Jain authors wrote about tirthankars ( saints ) , princes and other personages important to the Jain religion . Jain versions of the Hindu epics such as the Ramayana and Bhagavata ( tales of Hindu god Krishna ) were also written . According to R. Narasimhacharya , a noted scholar on Kannada literature , more Jain writers wrote in Kannada than in any other Dravidian language during the " Augustan age " of Kannada literature , from the earliest known works to the 12th century . The Veerashaiva writers , devotees of the Hindu god Shiva , wrote about his 25 forms in their expositions of Shaivism . Vaishnava authors wrote treatments of the Hindu epics , the Ramayana , the Mahabharata and the Bhagavata . Breaking away from the old Jain tradition of using the champu form for writing Kannada literature , Harihara penned poems in the ragale metre in Siva @-@ ganada @-@ ragalegalu ( 1160 ) . His nephew Raghavanka established the shatpadi tradition by writing a unique version of the story of King Harishchandra in Harishchandra Kavya ( 1200 ) . Sisumayana introduced the sangatya metre in his Anjanacharita and Tripuradahana ( 1235 ) . However , some scholars continued to employ Sanskritic genres such as champu ( Ramachandra Charitapurana ) , shataka ( 100 verse compositions , Pampa sataka ) and ashtaka ( eight line verse compositions , Mudige ashtaka ) . 
 The exact beginnings of the haridasa movement in the Kannada @-@ speaking region have been disputed . Belur Keshavadasa , a noted Harikatha scholar , claimed in his book Karnataka Bhaktavijaya that the movement was inspired by saint Achalananda Dasa of Turvekere ( in the modern Tumkur district ) in the 9th century . However , neither the language used in Achalananda Dasa 's compositions nor the discovery of a composition with the pen name " Achalanada Vitthala " , which mentions the 13th @-@ century philosopher Madhvacharya , lends support to the 9th @-@ century theory . Naraharitirtha ( 1281 ) , one of earliest disciples of Madhvacharya , is therefore considered the earliest haridasa to write Vaishnava compositions in Kannada . Secular topics were popular and included treatises on poetry ( Sringararatnakara ) and writings on natural sciences ( Rattasutra ) , mathematics ( Vyavaharaganita ) , fiction ( Lilavati ) , grammar ( Shabdamanidarpana ) , rhetoric ( Udayadityalankara ) and others . 
 Important contributions were made by some prominent literary families . One Jain family produced several authors , including Mallikarjuna , the noted anthologist ( 1245 ) ; his brother @-@ in @-@ law Janna ( 1209 ) , the court poet of King Veera Ballala II ; Mallikarjuna 's son Keshiraja ( 1260 ) , considered by D. R. Nagaraj , a scholar on literary cultures in history , to be the greatest theorist of Kannada grammar ; and Sumanobana , who was in the court of King Narasimha I and was the maternal grandfather of Keshiraja . Harihara ( 1160 ) and his nephew Raghavanka ( 1200 ) , poets who set the trend for using native metres , came from a Shaiva family ( devotees of the god Shiva ) . 
 The support of the Hoysala rulers for the Kannada language was strong , and this is seen even in their epigraphs , often written in polished and poetic language , rather than prose , with illustrations of floral designs in the margins . In addition to the Hoysala patronage , royal support was enjoyed by Kannada poets and writers during this period in the courts of neighbouring kingdoms of the western Deccan . The Western Chalukyas , the southern Kalachuris , the Seuna Yadavas of Devagiri and the Silharas of Kolhapur are some of the ruling families who enthusiastically used Kannada in inscriptions and promoted its literature . 
 Writers bilingual in Kannada and Telugu gained popularity which caused interaction between the two languages , a trend that continued into modern times . The Veerashiva canon of the Kannada language was translated or adapted into Telugu from this time period . Palkuriki Somanatha ( 1195 ) , a devotee of social reformer Basavanna , is the most well @-@ known of these bilingual poets . The Chola chieftain Nannechoda ( c . 1150 ) used many Kannada words in his Telugu writings . After the decline of the Hoysala empire , the Vijayanagara empire kings further supported writers in both languages . In 1369 , inspired by Palkuriki Somanatha , Bhima Kavi translated the Telugu Basavapurana to Kannada , and King Deva Raya II ( c . 1425 ) had Chamarasa 's landmark writing Prabhulingalile translated into Telugu and Tamil . Many Veerashaiva writers in the court of the 17th century Kingdom of Mysore were multilingual in Kannada , Telugu and Sanskrit while the Srivaishnava ( a sect of Vaishnavism ) Kannada writers of the court were in competition with the Telugu and Sanskrit writers . 
 Information from contemporary records regarding several writers from this period whose works are considered lost include : Maghanandi ( probable author of Rama Kathe and guru of Kamalabhava of 1235 ) , Srutakirti ( guru of Aggala , and author of Raghava Pandaviya and possibly a Jina @-@ stuti , 1170 ) , Sambha Varma ( mentioned by Nagavarma of 1145 ) , Vira Nandi ( Chandraprabha Kavyamala , 1175 ) , Dharani Pandita ( Bijjala raya Charita and Varangana Charita ) , Amrita Nandi ( Dhanvantari Nighantu ) , Vidyanatha ( Prataparudriya ) , Ganeshvara ( Sahitya Sanjivana ) , Harabhakta , a Veerashaiva mendicant ( Vedabhashya , 1300 ) , and Siva Kavi ( author of Basava Purana in 1330 ) . 
 
 = = = Jain epics = = = 
 
 During the early 12th @-@ century ascendancy of the Hoysalas , the kings of the dynasty entertained imperial ambitions . King Vishnuvardhana wanted to perform Vedic sacrifices befitting an emperor , and surpass his overlords , the Western Chalukyas , in military and architectural achievements . This led to his conversion from Jainism to Vaishnavism . Around the same time , the well @-@ known philosopher Ramanujacharya sought refuge from the Cholas in Hoysala territory and popularised the Sri Vaishnava faith , a sect of Hindu Vaishnavism . Although Jains continued to dominate culturally in what is now the southern Karnataka region for a while , these social changes would later contribute to the decline of Jain literary output . The growing political clout of the Hoysalas attracted many bards and scholars to their court , who in turn wrote panegyrics on their patrons . 
 Nagachandra , a scholar and the builder of the Mallinatha Jinalaya ( a Jain temple in honor of the 19th Jain tirthankar , Mallinatha , in Bijapur , Karnataka ) , wrote Mallinathapurana ( 1105 ) , an account of the evolution of the soul of the Jain saint . According to some historians , King Veera Ballala I was his patron . Later , he wrote his magnum opus , a Jain version of the Hindu epic Ramayana called Ramachandra Charitapurana ( or Pampa Ramayana ) . Written in the traditional champu metre and in the Pauma charia tradition of Vimalasuri , it is the earliest extant version of the epic in the Kannada language . The work contains 16 sections and deviates significantly from the original epic by Valmiki . Nagachandra represents King Ravana , the villain of the Hindu epic , as a tragic hero , who in a moment of weakness commits the sin of abducting Sita ( wife of the Hindu god Rama ) but is eventually purified by her devotion to Rama . In a further deviation , Rama 's loyal brother Lakshmana ( instead of Rama ) kills Ravana in the final battle . Eventually , Rama takes jaina @-@ diksha ( converts to Digambara monk ) , becomes an ascetic and attains nirvana ( enlightenment ) . Considered a complementary work to the Pampa Bharatha of Adikavi Pampa ( 941 , a Jain version of the epic Mahabharata ) , the work earned Nagachandra the honorific " Abhinava Pampa " ( " new Pampa " ) . Only in the Kannada language do Jain versions exist of the Hindu epics , the Mahabharata and Ramayana , in addition to their brahminical version . 
 Kanti ( 1108 ) , known for her wit and humour , was one of the earliest female poets of the Kannada language and a contemporary of Nagachandra , with whom she indulged in debates and repartees . Rajaditya , a native of either Puvinabage or Raibhag ( the modern Belgaum district ) , was in the Hoysala court during the days of King Veera Ballala I and King Vishnuvardhana . He wrote in easy verse on arithmetic and other mathematical topics and is credited with three of the earliest writings on mathematics in the Kannada language : Vyavaharaganita , Kshetraganita and Lilavati . Udayaditya , a Chola prince , authored a piece on rhetoric called Udayadityalankara ( 1150 ) . It was based on Dandin 's Sanskrit Kavyadarsa . 
 
 = = = Age of Harihara = = = 
 
 Harihara ( or Harisvara , 1160 ) , who came from a family of karnikas ( accountants ) in Hampi , was one of the earliest Veerashaiva writers who was not part of the Vachana poetic tradition . He is considered one of the most influential Kannada poets of the Hoysala era . A non @-@ traditionalist , he has been called " poet of poets " and a " poet for the masses " . Kannada poetry changed course because of his efforts , and he was an inspiration for generations of poets to follow . Impressed by his early writings , Kereya Padmarasa , the court poet of King Narasimha I , introduced him to the king , who became Harihara 's patron . A master of many metres , he authored the Girijakalyana ( " Marriage of the mountain born goddess – Parvati " ) in the Kalidasa tradition , employing the champu style to tell a 10 @-@ part story leading to the marriage of the god Shiva and Parvati . According to an anecdote , Harihara was so against eulogising earthly mortals that he struck his protégé Raghavanka for writing about King Harishchandra in the landmark work Harishchandra Kavya ( c . 1200 ) . Harihara is credited with developing the native ragale metre . The earliest poetic biographer in the Kannada language , he wrote a biography of Basavanna called Basavarajadevara ragale , which gives interesting details about the protagonist while not always conforming to popular beliefs of the time . Ascribed to him is a group of 100 poems called the Nambiyanana ragale ( also called Shivaganada ragale or Saranacharitamanasa – " The holy lake of the lives of the devotees " ) after the saint Nambiyana . In the sataka metre he wrote the Pampa sataka , and in the ashtaka metre , the Mudige ashtaka in about 1200 . 
 Famous among Vaishnava writers and the first brahmin writer ( of the Smartha sect ) of repute , Rudrabhatta wrote Jagannatha Vijaya ( 1180 ) in a style considered a transition between ancient and medieval Kannada . Chandramouli , a minister in the court of King Veera Ballala II , was his patron . The writing , in champu metre , is about the life of the god Krishna . Leading to the god 's fight with Banasura , it is based on an earlier writing , Vishnupurana . 
 Nemichandra , court poet of King Veera Ballala II and the Silhara King Lakshmana of Kholapur , wrote Lilavati Prabandham ( 1170 ) , the earliest available true fiction ( and hence a novel ) in Kannada , with an erotic bent . Written in the champu metre , with the ancient town Banavasi as the background , it narrates the love story of a Kadamba prince and a princess who eventually marry after facing many obstacles . The story is based on a c . 610 Sanskrit original called Vasavadatta by Subhandu . His other work , Neminathapurana , unfinished on account of his death ( and hence called Ardhanemi or " incomplete Nemi " ) , details the life of the 22nd Jain tirthankar Neminatha while treating the life of the god Krishna from a Jain angle . 
 Palkuriki Somanatha , a native of modern Karnataka or Andhra Pradesh , is considered one of the foremost multi @-@ lingual Shaiva ( or Shiva @-@ following ) poets of the 12th and 13th centuries . Historians are divided about the time and place of his birth and death and his original faith . He was adept in the Sanskrit , Telugu and Kannada languages . He was a devotee of Basavanna ( the founder of the Veerashaiva movement ) , and all his writings propagate that faith . It is generally accepted that he was born a brahmin and later adopted the Shaiva faith , although according to the scholar Bandaru Tammayya he was born a Jangama ( follower of the Shaiva faith ) . His time of birth has been identified as either the 12th century or late 13th century . In Kannada , his most important writings are Silasampadane , Sahasragananama and Pancharatna . His well @-@ known poems , written in the ragale metre , are Basava ragale , Basavadhya ragale and Sadguru ragale . He is known to have humbled many Vaishnava poets in debates . 
 Other well @-@ known personalities from the 12th century included several Jain writers . These include Aggala , who authored Chandraprabhapurana ( 1189 ) , an account of the life of the eighth Jain tirthankar Chandraprabha ; Sujanottamsa , who wrote a panegyric on Gomateshwara of Shravanabelagola ; and Vritta Vilasa , who authored Sastra sara and Dharmaparikshe ( 1160 ) . The latter was Vilasa 's version of the Sanskrit original of the same name written by Amitagati c . 1014 . In this champu writing , the author narrates the story of two Kshatriya princess who went to Benares and exposed the vices of the gods after discussions with the brahmins there . The author questions the credibility of Hanuman ( the Hindu monkey god ) and the Vanaras ( monkey @-@ like humanoids in the Hindu epic Ramayana ) . Although controversial , the work sheds useful information on contemporary religious beliefs . Kereya Padmarasa , a Veerashaiva poet patronised by King Narasimha I , wrote Dikshabodhe in the ragale metre in 1165 . He would later become the protagonist of a biographical work called Padmarajapurana written by his descendant Padmanaka in c . 1400 . The brahmin poet Deva Kavi authored a romance piece called Kusumavali ( 1200 ) , and brahmin poet Kavi Kama ( 12th century ) authored a treatise called Sringara @-@ ratnakara on the rasa ( flavor ) of poetical sentiment . Sumanobana ( 1170 ) was a poet @-@ grammarian and the Katakacharya ( " military teacher " ) under King Narasimha I. He was also a priest in Devagiri , the Seuna Yadava capital . 
 
 = = = Jain – Veerashaiva conflict = = = 
 
 Harihara 's nephew and protégé , the dramatic poet Raghavanka of Hampi , whose style is compared to that of 10th @-@ century poet Ranna , was the first to establish the shatpadi metre in Kannada literature in the epic Harishchandra Kavya ( 1200 ) . According to L. S. Seshagiri Rao , it is believed that in no other language has the story of King Harishchandra been interpreted in this way . The writing is an original in tradition and inspiration that fully develops the potential of the shatpadi metre . The narration has many noteworthy elegiac verses such as the mourning of Chandramati over the death of her young son Lohitashva from snake bite . The very writing that made Raghavanka famous was rejected by his guru , Harihara . His other well @-@ known writings , adhering to strict Shaiva principles and written to appease his guru , are the Siddharama charitra ( or Siddharama Purana ) , a larger than life stylistic eulogy of the compassionate 12th @-@ century Veerashaiva saint , Siddharama of Sonnalige ; the Somanatha charitra , a propagandist work that describes the life of saint Somayya ( or Adaiah ) of Puligere ( modern Lakshmeshwar ) , his humiliation by a Jain girl and his revenge ; the Viresvara charita , a dramatic story of the blind wrath of a Shaiva warrior , Virabhadra ; the Hariharamahatva , an account of the life of Harisvara of Hampi ; and Sarabha charitra . The last two classics are considered lost . 
 In 1209 , the Jain scholar , minister , builder of temples and army commander Janna wrote , among other classics , Yashodhara Charite , a unique set of stories in 310 verses dealing with sadomasochism , transmigration of the soul , passion gone awry and cautionary morals for human conduct . The writing , although inspired by Vadiraja 's Sanskrit classic of the same name , is noted for its original interpretation , imagery and style . In one story , the poet tells of the infatuation of a man for his friend 's wife . Having killed his friend , the man abducts the wife , who dies of grief . Overcome by repentance , he burns himself on the funeral pyre of the woman . The stories of infatuation reach a peak when Janna writes about the attraction of Amrutamati , the queen , to the ugly mahout Ashtavakra , who pleases the queen with kicks and whip lashes . This story has piqued the interest of modern researchers . In honour of this work , Janna received the title Kavichakravarthi ( " Emperor among poets " ) from his patron , King Veera Ballala II . His other classic , Anathanatha Purana ( 1230 ) , is an account of the life of the 14th tirthankar Ananthanatha . 
 Andayya , taking a non @-@ conformist path that was never repeated in Kannada literature , wrote Madana Vijaya ( " Triumph of cupid " , 1217 – 1235 ) using only pure Kannada words ( desya ) and naturalized Sanskrit words ( tadbhava ) and totally avoiding assimilated Sanskrit words ( tatsamas ) . This is seen by some as a rebuttal meant to prove that writing Kannada literature without borrowed Sanskrit words was possible . The poem narrates the story of the moon being imprisoned by the god Shiva in his abode in the Himalayas . In his anger , Kama ( Cupid , the god of love , also called Manmata ) assailed Shiva with his arrows only to be cursed by Shiva and separated from his beloved . Kama then contrived to rid himself of Shiva 's curse . The work also goes by other names such as Sobagina Suggi ( " Harvest of Beauty " ) , Kavane Gella ( " Cupid 's Conquest " ) and Kabbigara @-@ kava ( " Poets defender " ) . Kama has an important place in Jain writings even before Andayya . The possibility that this writing was yet another subtle weapon in the intensifying conflict between the dominant Jains and the Veerashaivas , whose popularity was on the rise , is not lost on historians . 
 Mallikarjuna , a Jain ascetic , compiled an anthology of poems called Suktisudharnava ( " Gems from the poets " ) in 1245 in the court of King Vira Someshwara . Some interesting observations have been made by scholars about this important undertaking . While the anthology itself provides insight into poetic tastes of that period ( and hence qualifies as a " history of Kannada literature " ) , it also performs the function of a " guide for poets " , an assertive method of bridging the gap between courtly literary intelligentsia and folk poetry . Being a guide for " professional intellectuals " , the work , true to its nature , often includes poems eulogising kings and royalty but completely ignoring poems of the 12th @-@ century vachana canon ( Veerashaiva folk literature ) . However , the selection of poems includes contributions from Harihara , the non @-@ conformist Veerashaiva writer . This suggests a compromise by which the author attempts to include the " rebels " . 
 Other notable writers of the early 13th century were Bhanduvarma , author of Harivamsabhyudaya and Jiva sambhodana ( 1200 ) , the latter bearing on morals and renunciation , and written addressing the soul ; Balachandra Kavi Kandarpa , the author of the Belgaum fort inscription who claimed to be " master of four languages " ; Maghanandycharya , the author of an extinct commentary on the Jain theological work Sastrasara Samuccaya @-@ tiku ( 1209 ) for which there are references , and the available commentary called padarthasara giving a complete explanation of Sanskrit and Prakrit authoritative citations ; Hastimalla , who wrote Purvapurana ; Chandrama , author of Karkala Gomateshvara charite , and Sisumayana , who introduced a new form of composition called sangatya in 1232 . He wrote an allegorical poem called Tripuradahana ( " Burning of the triple fortress " ) and Anjanacharita . The latter work was inspired by Ravisena 's Sanskrit Padma charitra . Somaraja , a Veerashaiva scholar , wrote a eulogy of Udbhata , the ruler of Gersoppa , and called it Sringarasara ( or Udbhatakavya , 1222 ) . Other Jain writers were Parsva Pandita , author of Paravanathapurana , and Gunavarma II , the author of the story of the ninth Jain tirthankar Pushpadanta called Pushpadanta purana ( both were patronised by the Ratta kings of Saundatti ) . Polalva Dandanatha , a commander , minister , and the builder of the Harihareshwara temple in Harihar , wrote Haricharitra in 1224 . He was patronised by King Veera Ballala II and his successor , King Vira Narasimha II . Puligere Somanatha authored a book on morals called Somesvarasataka . 
 
 = = = Consolidation of grammar = = = 
 
 Keshiraja was a notable writer and grammarian of the 13th century . He came from a family of famous poet @-@ writers . Although five of Keshiraja 's writings are not traceable , his most enduring work on Kannada grammar , Shabdamanidarpana ( " Mirror of Word Jewels " , 1260 ) , is available and testifies to his scholarly acumen and literary taste . True to his wish that his writing on grammar should " last as long as the sun , the moon , the oceans and the Meru mountain lasted " , Shabdamanidarpana is popular even today and is considered a standard authority on old Kannada grammar . It is prescribed as a textbook for students of graduate and post @-@ graduate studies in the Kannada language . Although Keshiraja followed the model of Sanskrit grammar ( of the Katantra school ) and that of earlier writings on Kannada grammar ( by King Amoghavarsha I of the 9th century and grammarian Nagavarma II of 1145 ) , his work has originality . Keshiraja 's lost writings are Cholapalaka Charitam , Sri Chitramale , Shubhadraharana , Prabodhachandra and Kiratam ( or Kiratarjuniyam ) . 
 A major development of this period that would have a profound impact on Kannada literature even into the modern age was the birth of the Haridasa ( " servants of Hari or Vishnu " ) movement . This devotional movement , although reminiscent in some ways of the Veerashaiva movement of the 12th century ( which produced Vachana poetry and taught devotion to the god Shiva ) , was in contrast intimately devoted to the Hindu god Vishnu as the supreme God . The inspiration behind this movement was the philosophy of Madhvacharya of Udupi . Naraharitirtha ( 1281 ) is considered the first well @-@ known haridasa and composer of Vaishnava devotional songs in Kannada . Before his induction into the Madhva order , he had served as a minister in the court of Kalinga . The Vaishnava poetry however disappeared for about two centuries after Naraharitirtha 's death before resurfacing as a popular form of folk literature during the rule of the Vijayanagara Empire . Only three of Naraharitirtha 's compositions are available today . 
 Other writers worthy of mention are Mahabala Kavi , the author of Neminathapurana ( 1254 ) , an account of the 22nd Jain tirthankar Neminatha , and Kumudendu , author of a Jain version of the epic Ramayana in shatpadi metre called Kumudendu Ramayana in 1275 . The effort was influenced by Pampa Ramayana of Nagachandra . Kumara Padmarasa , son of Kereya Padmarasa , wrote the Sananda Charitre in shatpadi metre . Ratta Kavi , a Jain noble , wrote a quasi @-@ scientific piece called Rattasutra ( or Rattamala ) in 1300 . The writing bears on natural phenomena such rain , earthquakes , lightning , planets and omens . A commentary on the Amara Khosa , considered useful to students of the language , called Amara Khosa Vyakhyana was written by the Jain writer Nachiraja ( 1300 ) . Towards the end of the Hoysala rule , Nagaraja wrote Punyasrava in 1331 in champu style , a work that narrates the stories of puranic heroes in 52 tales and is said to be a translation from Sanskrit . 
 
 = = Sanskrit writings = = 
 
 The Vaishnava movement in the Kannada @-@ speaking regions found momentum after the arrival of the philosopher Ramanujacharya ( 1017 – 1137 ) . Fleeing possible persecution from the Chola King ( who was a Shaiva ) , Ramanujacharya sought refuge initially in Tondanur and later moved to Melkote . But this event had no impact on Vaishnava literature in Hoysala lands at that time . However , the teachings of Madhvacharya ( 1238 – 1317 ) , propounder of the Dvaita philosophy , did have a direct impact on Vaishnava literature , in both the Sanskrit and Kannada languages . This body of writings is known as haridasa sahitya ( haridasa literature ) . 
 Born as Vasudeva in Pajaka village near Udupi in 1238 , he learnt the Vedas and Upanishads under his guru Achyutapreksha . He was initiated into sanyasa ( asceticism ) after which he earned the name Madhvacharya ( or Anandatirtha ) . Later , he disagreed with the views of his guru and began to travel India . He successfully debated with many scholars and philosophers during this time and won over Naraharitirtha , a minister in Kalinga , who would later become Madhvacharya 's first notable disciple . Unlike Adi Shankaracharya ( 788 – 820 ) who preached Advaita philosophy ( monism ) and Ramanujacharya who propounded Vishishtadvaita philosophy ( qualified monism ) , Madhvacharya taught the Dvaita philosophy ( dualism ) . 
 Madhvacharya taught complete devotion to the Hindu god Vishnu , emphasising Jnanamarga or the " path of knowledge " , and insisted that the path of devotion " can help a soul to attain elevation " ( Athmonathi ) . He was however willing to accept devotion to other Hindu deities as well . He wrote 37 works in Sanskrit including Dwadasha Sutra ( in which his devotion to the god Vishnu found full expression ) , Gita Bhashya , Gita Tatparya Nirnaya , Mahabharata Tatparya Nirnaya , Bhagavata Tatparya Nirnaya , Mayavada Khandana and Vishnu Tattwa Nirnaya . To propagate his teachings he established eight monasteries near Udupi , the Uttaradhi monastery , and the Raghavendra monastery in Mantralayam ( in modern Andhra Pradesh ) and Nanjanagud ( near modern Mysore ) . 
 The writings of Madhvacharya and Vidyatirtha ( author of Rudraprshnabhashya ) may have been absorbed by Sayanacharya , brother of Vidyaranya , the patron saint of the founders of the Vijayanagara empire in the 14th century . Bharatasvamin ( who was patronised by Hoysala King Ramanatha ) wrote a commentary on Samaveda , Shadgurusishya wrote commentary on Aitareya Brahmana and Aranyaka , and Katyayana wrote Sarvanukramani . A family of hereditary poets whose names have not been identified held the title " Vidyachakravarti " ( poet laureate ) in the Hoysala court . One of them wrote Gadyakarnamrita , a description of the war between Hoysala king Vira Narasimha II and the Pandyas , in the early 13th century . His grandson with the same title , in the court of king Veera Ballala III , composed a poem called Rukminikalyana in 16 kandas ( chapters ) and wrote commentaries ( on poetics ) on the Alankarasarvasva and Kavyaprakasa . Kalyani Devi , a sister of Madhvacharya , and Trivikrama , his disciple , wrote commentaries on the Dvaita philosophy . To Trivikrama is ascribed a poem narrating the story of Usha and Aniruddha called Ushaharana . Narayana Pandita composed Madhwavijaya , Manimanjari and a poem called Parijataharana . The Jain writer Ramachandra Maladhari authored Gurupanchasmriti . 
 
 = = Literature after the Hoysalas = = 
 
 Literary developments during the Hoysala period had a marked influence on Kannada literature in the centuries to follow . These developments popularised folk metres which shifted the emphasis towards desi ( native or folk ) forms of literature . With the waning of Jain literary output , competition between the Veerashaiva and Vaishnava writers came to the fore . The Veerashaiva writer Chamarasa ( author of Prabhulingalile , 1425 ) and his Vaishnava competitor Kumaravyasa ( Karnata Bharata Kathamanjari , 1450 ) popularised the shatpadi metric tradition initiated by Hoysala poet Raghavanka , in the court of Vijayanagara King Deva Raya II . Lakshmisa , the 16th – 17th century writer of epic poems , continued the tradition in the Jaimini Bharata , a work that has remained popular even in the modern period . The tripadi metre , one of the oldest in the Kannada language ( Kappe Arabhatta inscription of 700 ) , which was used by Akka Mahadevi ( Yoganna trividhi , 1160 ) , was popularised in the 16th century by the mendicant poet Sarvajna . Even Jain writers , who had dominated courtly literature throughout the classical period with their Sanskritic champu style , began to use native metres . Among them , Ratnakaravarni is famous for successfully integrating an element of worldly pleasure into asceticism and for treating the topic of eroticism with discretion in a religious epic written in the native sangatya metre ( a metre initiated by Hoysala poet Sisumayana ) , his magnum opus , the Bharatadesa Vaibhava ( c . 1557 ) . 
 Though the Vaishnava courtly writings in Kannada began with the Hoysala poet Rudrabhatta and the devotional song genre was initiated by Naraharitirtha , the Vaishnava movement began to exert a strong influence on Kannada literature only from the 15th century on . The Vaishnava writers consisted of two groups who seemed to have no interaction with each other : the Brahmin commentators who typically wrote under the patronage of royalty , and the Bhakti ( devotion ) writers ( also known as haridasas ) who played no role in courtly matters . The Bhakti writers took the message of God to the people in the form of melodious songs composed using folk genres such as the kirthane ( a musical composition with refrain , based on tune and rhythm ) , the suladi ( a composition based on rhythm ) and the ugabhoga ( a composition based on melody ) . Kumara Vyasa and Timmanna Kavi were well @-@ known among the Brahmin commentators , while Purandara Dasa and Kanaka Dasa were the most notable of the Bhakti writers . The philosophy of Madhvacharya , which originated in the Kannada @-@ speaking region in the 13th century , spread beyond its borders over the next two centuries . The itinerant haridasas , best described as mystic saint @-@ poets , spread the philosophy of Madhvacharya in simple Kannada , winning mass appeal by preaching devotion to God and extolling the virtues of jnana ( enlightenment ) , bhakti ( devotion ) and vairagya ( detachment ) . 
 Vachana poetry , developed in reaction to the rigid caste @-@ based Hindu society , attained its peak in popularity among the under @-@ privileged during the 12th century . Though these poems did not employ any regular metre or rhyme scheme , they are known to have originated from the earlier tripadi metrical form . The Veerashaivas , who wrote this poetry , had risen to influential positions by the Vijayanagara period ( 14th century ) . Court ministers and nobility belonging to the faith , such as Lakkanna Dandesa and Jakkanarya , not only wrote literature but also patronised talented writers and poets . Veerashaiva anthologists of the 15th and 16th centuries began to collect Shaiva writings and vachana poems , originally written on palm leaf manuscripts . Because of the cryptic nature of the poems , the anthologists added commentaries to them , thereby providing their hidden meaning and esoteric significance . An interesting aspect of this anthological work was the translation of the Shaiva canon into Sanskrit , bringing it into the sphere of the Sanskritic ( marga or mainstream as opposed to desi or folk ) cultural order . 
 
 
 = 1939 Pacific hurricane season = 
 
 The 1939 Pacific hurricane season ran through the summer and fall of 1939 . Before the satellite age started in the 1960s , data on east Pacific hurricanes are extremely unreliable . Most east Pacific storms are of no threat to land . However , 1939 saw a large number of storms threaten California . 
 
 = = Storms = = 
 
 
 = = = Hurricane One = = = 
 
 On June 12 , a hurricane was detected . The lowest pressure reported by a ship was 985 mbar ( 29 @.@ 1 inHg ) . The hurricane was last seen June 13 . 
 
 = = = Possible Tropical Cyclone Two = = = 
 
 A possible tropical cyclone was located off the coast of Mexico on June 27 . A ship reported a gale and a pressure of 1 @,@ 006 mbar ( 29 @.@ 7 inHg ) . The system was last seen on June 28 . 
 
 = = = Tropical Cyclone Three = = = 
 
 On July 19 , a tropical cyclone was detected . A ship reported a pressure of 1 @,@ 000 @.@ 7 millibars ( 29 @.@ 55 inHg ) . 
 
 = = = Tropical Cyclone Four = = = 
 
 On July 29 , a tropical cyclone was located midway between Manzanillo and Acapulco . It moved up the coast , and a ship reported a pressure of 1 @,@ 000 mbar ( 30 inHg ) on July 29 as the cyclone made landfall in the vicinity of Manzanillo . 
 
 = = = Tropical Cyclone Five = = = 
 
 A small tropical cyclone was detected on August 31 . A ship reported gales and a pressure of 1 @,@ 003 @.@ 3 millibars ( 29 @.@ 63 inHg ) . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Six = = = 
 
 From September 4 to 7 , the remnants of a hurricane brought heavy rain to Southern California . The storm delivered over a year 's worth of rainfall to Blythe , while Imperial received more than two year 's worth . The flooding caused major damage in Mecca , California , and 3 feet ( 0 @.@ 91 m ) of water swamped Thermal . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Seven = = = 
 
 A tropical cyclone was first detected south of Acapulco on September 5 . It intensified into a hurricane and moved northwestward . A ship sailing through the eye reported a pressure reading of 948 mbar ( 28 @.@ 0 inHg ) . The tropical cyclone made landfall somewhere along the Baja California Peninsula . It dissipated inland over the northern part of the peninsula on September 12 . Remnants of this tropical storm , in association with a trough , caused rain of up to 4 inches ( 100 mm ) in southern California on September 11 and 12 . 
 
 = = = Tropical Cyclone Eight = = = 
 
 On September 5 , a tropical cyclone formed off the coast of Costa Rica . It also headed northwest and dissipated over the southern part of Baja California on September 15 . The lowest reported pressure was 1 @,@ 004 mbar ( 29 @.@ 6 inHg ) . From September 19 to 21 , remnants of this tropical cyclone caused rain measuring up to 3 inches ( 76 mm ) in Southern California . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Nine = = = 
 
 On September 14 , a tropical cyclone formed off the coast of Central America . This tropical storm tracked northwestward and intensified into a hurricane . The sea @-@ level pressure dropped to 975 mbar ( 28 @.@ 8 inHg ) or lower . The hurricane recurved gradually to the northeast and weakened over cool seas . On September 25 , this tropical storm made landfall near Long Beach , California , and dissipated inland . 
 The tropical storm caught Southern Californians unprepared . It brought heavy rain and flooding to the area , which killed 45 people . At sea , 48 were killed . The storm caused heavy property damage amounting to $ 2 million ( 1939 USD ) in total , mostly to crops and coastal infrastructure . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Ten = = = 
 
 On October 23 , a tropical cyclone formed south of Cabo Corrientes . It intensified and headed roughly due north . A steamer , the Nevadan , caught in the eye of this extremely intense hurricane , recording a corrected central pressure of 930 mbar ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 46 inHg ) . Even with modern tropical cyclone observation techniques available , this reading still qualifies this cyclone as one of the most intense on record . The steep pressure gradient between the Nevadan and the external hurricane conditions off of Manzanillo , Colima caused several tarpaulins to burst . Other shipping was disrupted off the Mexican coast by the intense tropical cyclone . 
 The hurricane made landfall near Cabo Corrientes on October 25 and dissipated shortly thereafter . Onshore , the storm caused an extensive swath of damage . Homes were destroyed in the towns of Santiago Ixcuintla and Rosamorada in the Mexican state of Nayarit , displacing hundreds of people . In Puerto Vallarta , a strong storm surge flooded a section of the town , destroying several homes . Tobacco , corn , and rice crops in the region suffered considerable damage . The strong winds downed power lines , resulting in the delayed dissemination of damage reports . Although no exact casualty total was documented , reports indicated that the tropical cyclone caused a " few casualties " . After the storm , US $ 6 @,@ 000 was donated to help aid the displaced in the states of Nayarit and Jalisco , while doctors and nurses were sent to those areas . 
 
 
 = G.I. Joe : Retaliation = 
 
 G.I. Joe : Retaliation is a 2013 American military science fiction action film directed by Jon M. Chu , based on Hasbro 's G.I. Joe toy , comic and media franchises . Written by Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , the film is a sequel to 2009 's G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra while also serving as a soft reboot of the franchise . 
 Retaliation features an ensemble cast , with Byung @-@ hun Lee , Ray Park , Jonathan Pryce , Arnold Vosloo , and Channing Tatum reprising their roles from the first film . Luke Bracey takes over the role of Cobra Commander , replacing Joseph Gordon @-@ Levitt . Dwayne Johnson , D. J. Cotrona , Adrianne Palicki , Ray Stevenson , and Bruce Willis round out the principal cast . 
 In the film , with Cobra operative Zartan still impersonating the President of the United States , the terrorist organization is able to frame the Joes as traitors , and have them nearly decimated in an airstrike . Cobra Commander places the world leaders under Cobra 's control , and gains access to their advanced warheads . Outnumbered and outgunned , the surviving Joes form a plan with the original G.I. Joe , General Joseph Colton , to overthrow the Cobra Commander and his allies . 
 Originally slated for release in June 2012 , the film was delayed in order to convert to 3D and boost interest in international markets . It was released in North America on March 28 , 2013 , and received generally negative reviews , but was a box office success , grossing over $ 375 million worldwide . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Duke ( Channing Tatum ) has become the leader of the G.I. Joe unit , which is framed for stealing nuclear warheads from Pakistan by Zartan ( Arnold Vosloo ) , who is impersonating the President of the United States ( Jonathan Pryce ) . The unit is subsequently decimated in a military air strike with Duke among the casualties . The only survivors are Roadblock ( Dwayne Johnson ) , Flint ( D.J. Cotrona ) , and Lady Jaye ( Adrianne Palicki ) . 
 Meanwhile , Storm Shadow ( Byung @-@ hun Lee ) and Firefly ( Ray Stevenson ) rescue Cobra Commander ( Luke Bracey ) from an underground maximum @-@ security prison in Germany , leaving Destro behind . Storm Shadow is injured during the escape and retreats to a temple in the Himalayas to recover . Upon learning that he is alive , the Blind Master ( RZA ) , leader of the Arashikage Clan , sends Snake Eyes ( Ray Park ) and his apprentice Jinx ( Élodie Yung ) , Storm Shadow 's cousin , to capture Storm Shadow so he can answer for the murder of his uncle , the Hard Master . 
 Roadblock , Flint , and Lady Jaye return to the United States where they set up a base of operations in a rundown gym . After Zartan announces that Cobra will replace the Joes as America 's elite special forces unit , Lady Jaye deduces that someone is impersonating the President , and Roadblock leads them to General Joseph Colton ( Bruce Willis ) , who provides them with weapons , and helps them infiltrate a fundraising event that the President will be attending . Lady Jaye steals a sample of the President 's DNA and confirms that he is Zartan . They escape after a confrontation with Firefly and Zandar ( Matt Gerald ) , the head of the U.S. Secret Service 's Presidential Detail and a member of Cobra . 
 Snake Eyes and Jinx locate and capture Storm Shadow after a battle with ninjas and take him to Japan , where Storm Shadow reveals that Zartan murdered the Hard Master , and that he joined Cobra to avenge his uncle . Storm Shadow then accompanies Snake Eyes and Jinx as they join the Joes ' efforts to stop Cobra . 
 Zartan invites the world leaders to a summit at historic Fort Sumter , where he blackmails them into disabling their nuclear arsenals , and reveals that he has created Project Zeus : seven orbital kinetic bombardment weapons of mass destruction at his command . He destroys central London to prove his superiority , and threatens to destroy other capitals if the countries don 't submit to Cobra . Storm Shadow betrays Cobra Commander and kills Zartan , revealing Cobra 's deception to the world leaders . While Snake Eyes , Jinx , and Flint fight Cobra 's soldiers , Cobra Commander activates the remaining six weapons and instructs Firefly to protect the launch device . Firefly is killed in combat by Roadblock , who deactivates and destroys the orbital weapons . Meanwhile , Colton and Lady Jaye rescue the President . 
 Cobra Commander escapes during the battle and Storm Shadow disappears after avenging his uncle . The real President addresses the nation at a White House ceremony where Roadblock , Lady Jaye , Flint , Jinx , and Snake Eyes are commemorated as heroes . Colton presents Roadblock with an M1911 pistol that belonged to General George S. Patton , to use when he finally finds Cobra Commander and to avenge Duke . Roadblock proudly raises the weapon and fires a single shot in honor of his fallen comrades . 
 
 = = Cast = = 
 
 
 = = = G.I. Joe = = = 
 
 Dwayne Johnson as Marvin F. Hinton / Roadblock 
 Ray Park as Snake Eyes 
 Adrianne Palicki as Jaye Burnett / Lady Jaye 
 D.J. Cotrona as Dashiell R. Faireborn / Flint 
 Élodie Yung as Kim Arashikage / Jinx 
 Bruce Willis as General Joseph Colton 
 Channing Tatum as Conrad S. Hauser / Duke 
 Joseph Mazzello as Mouse 
 Ryan Hansen as Grunt 
 Jim Palmer as Clutch 
 
 = = = Cobra = = = 
 
 Luke Bracey as Rexford Lewis / Cobra Commander 
 Robert Baker as the voice of Cobra Commander 
 Byung @-@ hun Lee as Thomas " Tommy " Arashikage / Storm Shadow 
 Ray Stevenson as Firefly 
 Arnold Vosloo as Zartan 
 Matt Gerald as Zandar / Havoc 
 
 = = = Other characters = = = 
 
 Jonathan Pryce as the President of the United States 
 Walton Goggins as Warden Nigel James 
 RZA as Blind Master 
 DeRay Davis as Stoop 
 Joe Chrest as the Chief of Staff 
 James Carville as himself 
 Skai Jackson as Roadblock 's Daughter 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Development = = = 
 
 After the financially successful release of The Rise of Cobra , Rob Moore , the studio vice chairman of Paramount Pictures , stated in 2009 that a sequel would be developed . In January 2011 , Rhett Reese and Paul Wernick , the writers of Zombieland , were hired to write the script for the sequel . The movie was originally thought to be titled G.I. Joe : Cobra Strikes , which was later denied by Reese . Stephen Sommers was originally going to return as director of the sequel , but Paramount Pictures announced in February 2011 that Jon Chu would direct the sequel . In July 2011 , the sequel 's name was revealed to be G.I. Joe : Retaliation . Chu would later declare that Paramount wanted a reboot that also served as a sequel to The Rise of Cobra since " a lot of people saw the first movie so we don 't want to alienate that and redo the whole thing . " 
 
 = = = Casting = = = 
 
 In January 2011 , it was confirmed that Byung @-@ hun Lee would reprise his role as Storm Shadow in the sequel . Channing Tatum and Ray Park also returned , as Duke and Snake Eyes , respectively . Rachel Nichols , the actress who played Scarlett in the first film , stated that most cast members would not be returning , except for the three aforementioned actors . In March 2011 , Sienna Miller stated that she would not be returning for a sequel . Joseph Gordon @-@ Levitt also confirmed that he would not be returning as Cobra Commander in the sequel . 
 In June 2011 , Dwayne Johnson was cast as Roadblock , D.J. Cotrona and RZA were cast as Flint and Blind Master respectively , while Élodie Yung was in talks for the role of Jinx . In July 2011 , Adrianne Palicki was confirmed for the lead female role of Lady Jaye , and Ray Stevenson was confirmed to portray the villain Firefly . Arnold Vosloo also confirmed that he would reprise his role of Zartan , although in the final film Vosloo appears only in a couple of non @-@ dialogue scenes , with Jonathan Pryce playing Zartan in most scenes . Joseph Mazzello was confirmed to play Mouse . In August 2011 , Walton Goggins was added as Warden Nigel James , and it was confirmed that Bruce Willis was cast to star in the film as the original G.I. Joe . The character of Joe Colton was a replacement for fan @-@ favorite Joe character Sgt. Slaughter . Sgt. Slaughter stated that he " was originally supposed to be the part of Bruce Willis ' [ as ] Sgt. Slaughter but because we had a conflict in toy companies , Hasbro and Mattel , I wasn 't able to do it . It 's one of those things , Rock ( Dwayne Johnson ) doesn 't have a contract so he can do what he wants to do and he 's been very successful " . 
 In September , a casting call sheet leaked to the Internet revealed that Cobra Commander would appear in the sequel , though it was unknown who would play the character . Chu said that fans would get a glimpse of Destro in the film , but Christopher Eccleston would not reprise his role in the sequel . On May 1 , 2012 , it was confirmed by Jon Chu that G.I. Joe : Retaliation 's Cobra Commander is Rex Lewis , the same character that Joseph Gordon @-@ Levitt played in The Rise of Cobra . Actor Robert Baker confirmed that he is the voice of Cobra Commander in the sequel . 
 
 = = = Filming = = = 
 
 Principal photography began in August 2011 in Louisiana . On November 22 , 2011 , a crew member died in an accident at a New Orleans warehouse that was serving as a soundstage for the production . The incident happened while crew members were changing out a set . The battle on the Himalayas was shot in a New Orleans warehouse previously used to build NASA rockets , that had been fitted with a green screen wall at a very steep angle with a lot of rigging above to swing the stunt people through . 
 Fort Pike in Louisiana stands in for Fort Sumter in South Carolina as the site of the climactic summit meeting of the leaders of nuclear @-@ armed countries . 
 
 = = = Visual effects = = = 
 
 Retaliation had 700 visual effects shots , which were mostly handled by three effects companies . Visual effects supervisor Zachary Kinnery declared that while the visuals aimed for the " big and bold " typical of the franchise , Retaliation would be the first to attempt " a bit more of that gritty realism . " The major part of the effects was given to Digital Domain , which for 227 effects created digital vehicles and aircraft that had to " look fantastic but which are also plausible " , given they had to match practical models , the Zeus satellite and a sequence where Zartan shows his nanomite @-@ related disguise to the president - done with the same head replacement software developed for The Curious Case of Benjamin Button and Tron : Legacy . Industrial Light & Magic made the London destruction , a digital White House , and the mountain sword fight , which had computer @-@ generated backgrounds and digital augmentation of the stunt people 's performance . Method Studios was responsible for the desert attack , Firefly 's explosive bugs , and the malfunction on the underground prison . Saints LA handled minor effects such as compositing and news graphics . 
 
 = = = Music = = = 
 
 The film 's score was composed by Henry Jackman . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 Previously slated for release on June 29 , 2012 , Paramount announced in May 2012 that they were delaying the film 's release until March 29 , 2013 ( but was later moved to March 28 , 2013 ) , in order to convert the movie to 3D and boost interest in international markets . 
 The delay " gobsmacked " the film industry , according to Deadline.com , because Paramount had already implemented a substantial advertising campaign beginning with a Super Bowl commercial , because " warehouses full of " toys were waiting for the film 's launch , and because it was one of only three Paramount @-@ produced films scheduled for Summer 2012 ( along with The Dictator and Katy Perry : Part of Me ) . The studio also wanted to avoid competing with Tatum 's Magic Mike , also scheduled for June 29 , Deadline reported . 
 
 = = = Ban in Pakistan = = = 
 
 The film was banned by the Central Board of Film Censors of Pakistan due to initial scenes at the beginning of the movie which depict the country negatively , according to film censor board officials . A Karachi @-@ based cinema posted on its Facebook page that the film would not be screened due to restrictions by the censor board . The censorship was due to the film 's depiction of Pakistan as an unstable state and the fictional portrayal of a " foreign invasion of Pakistan ’ s nuclear installations " , which caught the ire of film censor authorities . Consequently , restrictions were imposed on screening the movie countrywide . According to an official at the censor board , the film portrayed Pakistan negatively not only on the issue of the War on Terror but also on the international standing of the country : " There is a scene which shows the assassination of the Pakistani president and the imposition of martial law , which is not a fair representation of the country . " Another cinema official explained " There were obviously several objectionable things which would never have passed the censors , but these things are also relevant to the content of the film . " 
 
 = = = Promotion = = = 
 
 On December 12 , 2011 , the premiere trailer for the film was released on YouTube exclusively from Machinima.com. The trailer itself features a remix of the White Stripes ' song " Seven Nation Army " by The Glitch Mob . Following the release of the trailer , Interview magazine featured G.I. Joe : Retaliation in " Thursday video Face @-@ Off " against the indie film Alter Egos on January 12 , 2012 . A shorter teaser trailer for the film aired during Super Bowl XLVI , containing music by Jay @-@ Z. A Japanese trailer focusing on actor Byung @-@ hun Lee was released in April 2012 . The second full trailer made its debut on April 24 , 2012 , containing a viral marketing initiative inviting viewers to interact with a website and Facebook application for the film . On December 13 , 2012 , a third trailer was released featuring more footage of London 's destruction . In January 2013 , a four @-@ minute clip of the film featuring a ninja battle between Snake Eyes and Storm Shadow was attached with IMAX screenings of Hansel and Gretel : Witch Hunters . A soundtrack of the score by composer Henry Jackman was released in April 2013 . 
 A toyline for the film was confirmed by Hasbro in February 2012 . Despite the movie 's release being moved from June 2012 to March 2013 , the initial assortments of figures , vehicles , and role @-@ play items were shipped to retailers , and appeared on store shelves in May 2012 . A Variety article was published stating that the already released figures had been pulled from the shelves and recalled by Hasbro , although the company 's official statement indicated that existing product would be sold through . New product shipments were halted by Hasbro , but existing Retaliation figures were available in Target , Wal @-@ Mart , and Toys R Us as late as December 2012 . The toyline was re @-@ released in the United States in February 2013 . 
 
 = = = Home media = = = 
 
 G.I. Joe : Retaliation was released on DVD , Blu @-@ ray and Blu @-@ ray 3D on July 30 , 2013 . A Blu @-@ ray " Extended Action Cut " added 12 minutes of footage and uncensored violence was also available , with the United States version being a Best Buy exclusive . 
 The film topped No. 1 on both the Blu @-@ ray and DVD sales charts with at least 54 % of both Blu @-@ ray and DVD units sold . The film also topped weekend rentals as well . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 
 The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 28 % approval rating with an average rating of 4 @.@ 5 / 10 based on 161 reviews . The website 's consensus reads , " Though arguably superior to its predecessor , G.I. Joe : Retaliation is overwhelmed by its nonstop action and too nonsensical and vapid to leave a lasting impression . " At Metacritic , which assigns a weighted average rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics , the film has received an average score of 41 % , indicating " mixed or average reviews " , based on 31 critics , which was higher than the first film 's 32 % average score . 
 Alan Scherstuhl of The Village Voice wrote in a positive review that " this [ movie ] pushes right past competent into mostly legitimately enjoyable " but added that " the movie is still dumb as catbutt . It 's an honest and accomplished dumbness , however , where the stupidest stuff seems to be there because the movie would be less fun without it . " The Hollywood Reporter 's Todd McCarthy was critical about the film 's use of 3D and accurate reflection of the franchise 's comic book and cartoon origins , but predicted it would still earn better than its predecessor , G.I. Joe : The Rise of Cobra . Owen Gleiberman of Entertainment Weekly gave the film a grade of " B- " , calling it " well @-@ executed technocratic action fluff " and commented : " In its dehumanized and trivial way , it 's a triumph of razor @-@ sharp , hyper @-@ violent style over formulaic substance ... Hollywood has now evolved to the point that it can deliver these kinds of thrills with maximum brute force and keep the impact so light that the result can still be regarded as a ' harmless ' diversion for 14 @-@ year @-@ olds . " Glen Heath Jr. of Slant Magazine gave it two out of four stars , criticizing the film 's " cut @-@ happy style " and plot , but lauding the action sequences and Chu 's direction as " poetry in high @-@ speed motion . " Writing for Indiewire 's The Playlist Blog , Todd Gilchrist gave the film a " B- " and wrote : " As one might expect , there are more than a handful of loose ends once justice has been served , but there ’ s something to be said for a film which aims to please in a sincere and straightforward way , without attempting to be the biggest ever . ' Retaliation ' is no masterpiece , but it ’ s a movie whose fun doesn ’ t feel like a four @-@ letter word " 
 In a negative review , Betsey Sharkey of the Los Angeles Times panned the " overwhelmingly complicated , globe @-@ hopping , enemies within , enemies without story line " and 3D but noted that " the humor , when it works , offers ' Retaliation ' some redemption . " She ended with : " It 's convoluted . Frankly no one should have to think that hard to keep up with the Joes . " Another negative review came from Variety Magazine 's Justin Chang , who ridiculed the movie 's large @-@ scale destruction of foreign cities , writing : " Audiences who thrilled to the sight of Paris under biochemical attack in Cobra will be pleased to watch London endure an even more horrific fate here , although the sequence is tossed off in quick , almost ho @-@ hum fashion , with no time to dwell on anything so exquisitely crass as the spectacle of the Eiffel Tower collapsing . " He summarized the movie as " a more straight @-@ faced brand of idiocy than its cheerfully dumb 2009 predecessor . " 
 PopMatters journalist J.C. Maçek III wrote " For fans who bought the toys , watched the cartoon and read the comics during the ‘ 80s and now have like @-@ aged children of their own ( all of which I did and do ) , might I suggest proceeding to watch this fun film with your kids , but compromise so that you can leave the commentary track on . The film will remain a treat for the eyes , but you can more easily gloss over those parts that will make you apologize to your brain . " 
 Writing for Empire magazine , Olly Richards gave the movie 2 stars out of 5 and compared it unfavorably with its predecessor , writing : " The first film you could at least laugh at . This takes all its silly ingredients and smushes them down flat . ' Retaliation ' over @-@ promises and under @-@ delivers . " Richard Roeper of Chicago Sun Times gave the movie 1 @.@ 5 stars out of a possible four , branding it a " ridiculous and overblown debacle " that contained " nothing but well @-@ packaged garbage " and further adding : " To say ' G.I. Joe : Retaliation ' is a video game for the big screen is to insult a number of video games that are far more creative , challenging and better @-@ looking . " 
 Despite the negative critical response , audiences responded favorably . CinemaScore polls found that audiences gave the film an average grade of A @-@ minus . 
 
 = = = Box office = = = 
 
 G.I. Joe : Retaliation grossed $ 122 @,@ 523 @,@ 060 in North America and $ 253 @,@ 217 @,@ 645 internationally for a worldwide total of $ 375 @,@ 740 @,@ 705 . Overall , according to Box Office Mojo it is the 25th highest @-@ grossing film of 2013 in North America , the 18th highest @-@ grossing film worldwide that year , the highest @-@ grossing film in the G.I. Joe film series , and the fifth highest @-@ grossing Hasbro film . 
 In North America , the film grossed $ 10 @.@ 5 million on its opening day at the top of the box office . The film retained the No. 1 spot over the three @-@ day weekend and grossed $ 40 @.@ 5 million , which is the third @-@ highest Easter debut ever behind Furious 7 and Clash of the Titans . However , this was lower than its predecessor 's opening weekend of $ 54 @.@ 7 million . The international response was even more positive , with $ 80 @.@ 3 million across the weekend . 
 
 = = Sequel = = 
 
 On April 1 , 2013 , reports surfaced that there will be a third G.I. Joe film , and it will likely be in 3D . The studio announced that Chu will return to direct the third film . While at the 2013 San Diego Comic Con , Chu talked about bringing Scarlett back in the next film . The writers of the second film are also thinking about bringing back the Baroness in the sequel . Johnson is interested in returning as Roadblock for the sequel , and Park has talked about a possible return as Snake Eyes and also including his pet wolf Timber . Producer Lorenzo di Bonaventura has stated he is open to doing a G.I. Joe / Transformers crossover , which Chu stated that he would be interested in directing . Bonaventura told Beijing News that he hoped that Johnson and Willis would return , the script is still in the writing stage , and that they are considering adding a third important role . On September 10 , 2013 , Chu was confirmed to direct the film , along with writer Evan Daugherty ( Snow White and the Huntsman , Divergent , Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ) to pen the film 's script . On December 5 , 2013 , Daugherty talked about writing the film 's script and his feelings about Duke being killed , but Chu told MTV that Tatum may return as Duke in the sequel . On April 2 , 2014 , in an interview with Collider , Johnson believes that Chu may not return to direct , due to working on the live action Jem film , but they may find another director for the film . It was revealed that the third film will have a 2016 release date . On June 23 , 2014 , di Bonaventura told Collider in an interview that they 're meeting with new directors and filming may start in early 2015 . On July 1 , 2014 , Variety reported that Jonathan Lemkin will write the script for the film and will focus on Roadblock with Johnson returning . On February 5 , 2015 , Film Divider reported that the twins Tomax and Xamot and Matt Trakker from the TV series M.A.S.K. will be appearing . On April 2 , 2015 , the studio hired Aaron Berg to write the film , and D. J. Caruso to direct the film . On November 23 , 2015 , Deadline reported that Akiva Goldsman will lead a writers room for the next G.I. Joe film . 
 
 
 = Burns ' Heir = 
 
 " Burns ' Heir " is the eighteenth episode of The Simpsons ' fifth season . It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on April 14 , 1994 . In the episode , Mr. Burns has a near @-@ death experience which prompts him to find an heir to inherit his wealth after he dies . Although Bart is initially rejected , Burns soon decides to choose him after seeing him as " a creature of pure malevolence " . Marge convinces Bart to go spend some time with Burns , and soon becomes more disruptive than normal to his own family and decides to go live with Mr. Burns . 
 " Burns ' Heir " was written by Jace Richdale , his only writing credit . David Silverman was originally going to direct the episode , but he was so swamped with his work as supervising director that it was reassigned to Mark Kirkland . While the Simpsons are at a movie , there is a parody of the THX sound Deep Note . The THX executives liked the parody so much that the scene was made into an actual THX movie trailer , with the scene being redone for the widescreen aspect ratio . A deleted scene from the episode sees Mr. Burns release a " Robotic Richard Simmons " as a way of getting rid of Homer . The scene was cut , but later included in the season seven clip show " The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular " . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Mr. Burns almost drowns while taking a bath after Smithers puts a sponge on his head that weighs him down . Later , after realizing that no one will carry on his legacy when he dies , Burns decides to try to find an heir that will inherit his vast fortune . He holds an audition and many of the boys in Springfield try out , including Nelson Muntz , Martin Prince , and Milhouse Van Houten . Bart and Lisa also try out and fail ; Lisa because she is a girl , and Bart because he read Homer 's badly @-@ worded proposal . Angry and humiliated after the audition ends , only made worse by Burns kicking him in the butt with a mechanical boot , Bart pays him back by vandalizing his mansion . Mr. Burns approves of Bart 's malevolence and decides to accept him as his heir . 
 Homer and Marge sign a legal document which officially names Bart as Mr. Burns ' heir . Marge suggests that Bart should spend some time with Mr. Burns . While initially repelled by Mr. Burns ' coldness , Bart begins to take a liking to him after Burns promises to give Bart whatever he wants out of his life . Bart decides to abandon his family because Mr. Burns allows him to do anything he likes . Bart 's family becomes angry and wants him back , so they decide to sue Mr. Burns , but due to hiring Lionel Hutz as their lawyer , the court ends up deciding that Mr Burns is Bart 's biological father . The Simpsons get a Private Investigator deprogrammer to kidnap Bart , but the deprogrammer wrongly takes Hans Moleman instead and brainwashes him into thinking he 's a part of the Simpson family . 
 Meanwhile , Bart becomes lonely and wants to go back to his family . Mr. Burns does not want him to leave and tricks him into thinking that his family hates him , using a falsified video with actors playing the Simpson family . Bart decides that Burns is his true father and the two celebrate by firing employees at the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant by ejecting them through a trap door . However , one of the employees is Homer and Mr. Burns then tries to break Bart 's ties with his family by forcing him to fire Homer . Bart instead " fires " Burns and drops him through a trap door . Bart decides that he loves his family , and moves back in with them . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " Burns ' Heir " was the first episode in which Jace Richdale received a writers ' credit , although he was a part of the show 's staff for several seasons . When he was starting out as a writer on the show , Richdale was told to come up with some story ideas and he came up with the basic plot off the top of his head . David Silverman was originally going to direct the episode , but he was so swamped with his work as supervising director that it was reassigned to Mark Kirkland . While the Simpsons are at a movie , there is a parody of the THX sound Deep Note . During that scene , a man 's head explodes in a reference to the film Scanners . The THX executives liked the parody so much that the scene was made into an actual THX movie trailer , with the scene being redone for the widescreen aspect ratio . 
 A deleted scene from the episode sees Mr. Burns release a " Robotic Richard Simmons " as a way of getting rid of Homer , which dances to a recording of K.C. and the Sunshine Band 's " Shake Your Booty " . Simmons was originally asked to guest star , according to David Mirkin , he was " dying to do the show " , but declined when he found out he would voice a robot . It was fully animated , but was cut from " Burns ' Heir " because it often did not get a good reaction during table reads . According to Bill Oakley , there was a " significant division of opinion amongst the staff as to whether Richard Simmons was a target The Simpsons should make fun of " because it was " well @-@ trod territory " . They also felt it distracted viewers from the story . To the production staff 's surprise , the scene would make the audience " erupt with laughter " when screened at animation conventions and college presentations , so they decided to insert it in the season seven clip show " The Simpsons 138th Episode Spectacular " . 
 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 
 The episode parodies THX 's infamous ' Deep Note ' . 
 The trailer advertising Mr. Burns ' search for an heir is a loose parody of the trailer for Toys , a 1992 comedy starring Robin Williams . 
 Mr. Burns also sings " Let 's All Go to the Lobby " . 
 Marge 's fantasy about Bart graduating from Harvard University with Mr. Burns ' money is interrupted by a fantasy of her being lifted into the sky by Lee Majors , accompanied by a sound effect from The Six Million Dollar Man , in which Majors played the title character . 
 Mr. Burns states that he got the idea for installing cameras all through town from Sliver , which he calls a " delightful romp " . 
 Moe using a home @-@ made sliding action holster with a pistol while looking in a mirror is a reference to Travis Bickle from Taxi Driver . 
 The scene in which Homer is secretly eating flowers is a reference to a scene in The Last Emperor where the empress eats flowers . 
 The young boy saying , " Today , sir ? Why , it 's Christmas Day ! " makes a reference to Charles Dickens ' A Christmas Carol . 
 The room in which " Bart " ( who is really Hans Moleman ) is deprogrammed in is room number 101 , which is in reference to the novel Nineteen Eighty @-@ Four . 
 In the deleted scene , the Richard Simmons robot healing itself after Smithers shoots it with a shotgun is a reference to the T @-@ 1000 from Terminator 2 : Judgment Day . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 In its original broadcast , " Burns ' Heir " finished 53rd in ratings for the week of April 11 – 17 , 1994 , with a Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ 4 , and was viewed in 8 @.@ 85 million households . The show dropped four places in the rankings after finishing 49th the previous week . It was the third highest rated show on Fox that week following Living Single and Married ... with Children . 
 The authors of the book I Can 't Believe It 's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide , Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood , wrote that , " the episode lacks the emotional punch of others in which members of the family are separated . " DVD Movie Guide 's Colin Jacobson wrote that the episode was " such a great concept that it ’ s a surprise no [ one ] went for it earlier . " He felt that it " occasionally veers on the edge of mushiness , but it avoids becoming too sentimental . It 's a blast to see Burns ’ world from Bart ’ s point of view . DVD Talk gave the episode a score of 5 out of 5 while DVD Verdict gave the episode a Grade B score . Paul Campos of Rocky Mountain News described the Robotic Richard Simmons scene as " a level of surreal comedy that approaches a kind of genius " . 
 Homer 's quote , " Kids , you tried your best and you failed miserably . The lesson is never try " , was added to The Oxford Dictionary of Quotations in August 2007 . 
 
 
 = Cougar = 
 
 The cougar ( Puma concolor ) , also commonly known as the mountain lion , puma , panther , or catamount , is a large felid of the subfamily Felinae native to the Americas . Its range , from the Canadian Yukon to the southern Andes of South America , is the greatest of any large wild terrestrial mammal in the Western Hemisphere . An adaptable , generalist species , the cougar is found in most American habitat types . It is the second @-@ heaviest cat in the New World , after the jaguar . Secretive and largely solitary by nature , the cougar is properly considered both nocturnal and crepuscular , although there are daytime sightings . The cougar is more closely related to smaller felines , including the domestic cat ( subfamily Felinae ) , than to any species of subfamily Pantherinae , of which only the jaguar is native to the Americas . 
 The cougar is an ambush predator and pursues a wide variety of prey . Primary food sources are ungulates , particularly deer , but also livestock . It also hunts species as small as insects and rodents . This cat prefers habitats with dense underbrush and rocky areas for stalking , but can also live in open areas . The cougar is territorial and survives at low population densities . Individual territory sizes depend on terrain , vegetation , and abundance of prey . While large , it is not always the apex predator in its range , yielding to the jaguar , gray wolf , American black bear , and grizzly bear . It is reclusive and mostly avoids people . Fatal attacks on humans are rare , but have recently been increasing in North America as more people enter their territories . 
 Prolific hunting following European colonization of the Americas and the ongoing human development of cougar habitat has caused populations to drop in most parts of its historical range . In particular , the cougar was extirpated in eastern North America in the beginning of the 20th century , except for an isolated Florida panther subpopulation . Breeding populations have moved east into the far western parts of the Dakotas , Nebraska , and Oklahoma . Transient males have been verified in Minnesota , Missouri , Wisconsin , Iowa , the Upper Peninsula of Michigan , and Illinois , where a cougar was shot in the city limits of Chicago and , in at least one instance , observed as far east as coastal Connecticut . Reports of eastern cougars ( P. c. cougar ) still surface , although it was declared extirpated in 2011 . 
 
 = = Naming and etymology = = 
 
 With its vast range across the length of the Americas , P. concolor has dozens of names and various references in the mythology of the indigenous Americans and in contemporary culture . Currently , it is referred to as " puma " by most scientists and by the populations in 21 of the 23 countries in the Americas where " puma " is the common name in Spanish or Portuguese . The cat has many local or regional names in the United States and Canada , of which cougar , puma , mountain lion , and panther are popular . " Mountain lion " was a term first used in writing in 1858 from the diary of George A. Jackson of Colorado . Other names include catamount ( probably a contraction from " cat of the mountain " ) , mountain screamer , and painter . Lexicographers regard painter as a primarily upper @-@ Southern US regional variant on panther . The word panther is commonly used to specifically designate the black panther , a melanistic jaguar or leopard , and the Florida panther , a subspecies of cougar ( P. c. coryi ) . 
 P. concolor holds the Guinness record for the animal with the greatest number of names , with over 40 in English alone . 
 " Cougar " may be borrowed from the archaic Portuguese çuçuarana ; the term was originally derived from the Tupi language susua 'rana , meaning " similar to deer ( in hair color ) " . A current form in Brazil is suçuarana . It may also be borrowed from the Guaraní language term guaçu ara or guazu ara . Less common Portuguese terms are onça @-@ parda ( brown onça , in distinction of the black @-@ spotted [ yellow ] one , onça @-@ pintada , the jaguar ) or leão @-@ baio ( lit. chestnut lion ) , or unusually non @-@ native puma or leão @-@ da @-@ montanha , more common names for the animal when native to a region other than South America ( especially for those who do not know that suçuaranas are found elsewhere but with a different name ) . People in rural regions often refer to both the cougar and the jaguar as simply gata ( she @-@ cat ) , and outside of the Amazon , both are colloquially referred to as simply onça by many people ( that is also a name for the leopard in Angola ) . 
 In the 17th century , German naturalist Georg Marcgrave named the cat the cuguacu ara . Marcgrave 's rendering was reproduced by his associate , Dutch naturalist Willem Piso , in 1648 . Cuguacu ara was then adopted by English naturalist John Ray in 1693 . The French naturalist Georges @-@ Louis Leclerc , Comte de Buffon in 1774 ( probably influenced by the word " jaguar " ) converted the cuguacu ara to cuguar , which was later modified to " cougar " in English . 
 The first English record of " puma " was in 1777 , where it had come from the Spanish , who in turn borrowed it from the Peruvian Quechua language in the 16th century , where it means " powerful " . 
 
 = = Taxonomy and evolution = = 
 
 Cougars are the largest of the small cats . They are placed in the subfamily Felinae , although their bulk characteristics are similar to those of the big cats in the subfamily Pantherinae . The family Felidae is believed to have originated in Asia about 11 million years ago . Taxonomic research on felids remains partial , and much of what is known about their evolutionary history is based on mitochondrial DNA analysis , as cats are poorly represented in the fossil record , and significant confidence intervals exist with suggested dates . In the latest genomic study of the Felidae , the common ancestor of today 's Leopardus , Lynx , Puma , Prionailurus , and Felis lineages migrated across the Bering land bridge into the Americas 8 @.@ 0 to 8 @.@ 5 million years ago ( Mya ) . The lineages subsequently diverged in that order . North American felids then invaded South America 3 Mya as part of the Great American Interchange , following formation of the Isthmus of Panama . The cougar was originally thought to belong in Felis ( Felis concolor ) , the genus which includes the domestic cat . As of 1993 , it is now placed in Puma along with the jaguarundi , a cat just a little more than a tenth its weight . 
 The cougar and jaguarundi are most closely related to the modern cheetah of Africa and western Asia , but the relationship is unresolved . The cheetah lineage is suggested by some studies to have diverged from the Puma lineage in the Americas ( see American cheetah ) and migrated back to Asia and Africa , while other research suggests the cheetah diverged in the Old World itself . The outline of small feline migration to the Americas is thus unclear . 
 A high level of genetic similarity has been found among North American cougar populations , suggesting they are all fairly recent descendants of a small ancestral group . Culver et al. propose the original North American population of P. concolor was extirpated during the Pleistocene extinctions some 10 @,@ 000 years ago , when other large mammals , such as Smilodon , also disappeared . North America was then repopulated by a group of South American cougars . 
 
 = = = Subspecies = = = 
 
 Until the late 1980s , as many as 32 subspecies were recorded ; genetic study of mitochondrial DNA found many of these are too similar to be recognized as distinct at a molecular level . Following the research , the canonical Mammal Species of the World ( 3rd ed . ) recognizes six subspecies , five of which are solely found in Latin America : 
 Argentine cougar ( Puma concolor cabrerae ) Pocock , 1940 : 
 includes the previous subspecies and synonyms hudsonii and puma 
 Costa Rican cougar ( P. c. costaricensis ) Merriam , 1901 
 Eastern South American cougar ( P. c. anthonyi ) Nelson and Goldman , 1931 : 
 includes the previous subspecies and synonyms acrocodia , borbensis , capricornensis , concolor , greeni , and nigra 
 North American cougar ( P. c. couguar ) Kerr , 1792 : 
 includes the previous subspecies and synonyms arundivaga , aztecus , browni , californica , floridana , hippolestes , improcera , kaibabensis , mayensis , missoulensis , olympus , oregonensis , schorgeri , stanleyana , vancouverensis , and youngi 
 Northern South American cougar ( P. c. concolor ) Linnaeus , 1771 : 
 includes the previous subspecies and synonyms bangsi , incarum , osgoodi , soasoaranna , sussuarana , soderstromii , suçuaçuara , and wavula 
 Southern South American cougar ( P. c. puma ) Molina , 1782 : 
 includes the previous subspecies and synonyms araucanus , concolor , patagonica , pearsoni , and puma 
 Incerta sedis 
 Florida panther ( P. c. coryi ) 
 The status of the Florida panther remains uncertain . It is still regularly listed as subspecies P. c. coryi in research works , including those directly concerned with its conservation . Culver et al. noted low microsatellite variation in the Florida panther , possibly due to inbreeding ; responding to the research , one conservation team suggests , " the degree to which the scientific community has accepted the use of genetics in puma taxonomy is not resolved at this time . " 
 
 = = Biology and behavior = = 
 
 
 = = = Physical characteristics = = = 
 
 Cougars are slender and agile members of the cat family . They are the fourth @-@ largest cat ; adults stand about 60 to 90 cm ( 24 to 35 in ) tall at the shoulders . Adult males are around 2 @.@ 4 m ( 7 @.@ 9 ft ) long nose @-@ to @-@ tail and females average 2 @.@ 05 m ( 6 @.@ 7 ft ) , with overall ranges between 1 @.@ 5 to 2 @.@ 75 m ( 4 @.@ 9 to 9 @.@ 0 ft ) nose to tail suggested for the species in general . Of this length , 63 to 95 cm ( 25 to 37 in ) is comprised by the tail . Males typically weigh 53 to 100 kg ( 115 to 220 lb ) , averaging 62 kg ( 137 lb ) . Females typically weigh between 29 and 64 kg ( 64 and 141 lb ) , averaging 42 kg ( 93 lb ) . Cougar size is smallest close to the equator , and larger towards the poles . The largest recorded cougar , shot in 1901 , weighed 105 @.@ 2 kg ( 232 lb ) ; claims of 125 @.@ 2 kg ( 276 lb ) and 118 kg ( 260 lb ) have been reported , though they were most likely exaggerated . On average , adult male cougars in British Columbia weigh 56 @.@ 7 kg ( 125 lb ) and adult females 45 @.@ 4 kg ( 100 lb ) , though several male cougars in British Columbia weighed between 86 @.@ 4 and 95 @.@ 5 kg ( 190 to 210 lb ) . 
 The head of the cat is round and the ears are erect . Its powerful forequarters , neck , and jaw serve to grasp and hold large prey . It has five retractable claws on its forepaws ( one a dewclaw ) and four on its hind paws . The larger front feet and claws are adaptations to clutching prey . 
 Cougars can be almost as large as jaguars , but are less muscular and not as powerfully built ; where their ranges overlap , the cougar tends to be smaller on average . Besides the jaguar , the cougar is on average larger than all felids apart from lions and tigers . Despite its size , it is not typically classified among the " big cats " , as it cannot roar , lacking the specialized larynx and hyoid apparatus of Panthera . Compared to " big cats " , cougars are often silent with minimal communication through vocalizations outside of the mother @-@ offspring relationship . Cougars sometimes voice low @-@ pitched hisses , growls , and purrs , as well as chirps and whistles , many of which are comparable to those of domestic cats . They are well known for their screams , as referenced in some of their common names , although these screams are often misinterpreted to be the calls of other animals . 
 Cougar coloring is plain ( hence the Latin concolor ) but can vary greatly between individuals and even between siblings . The coat is typically tawny , but ranges to silvery @-@ grey or reddish , with lighter patches on the underbody , including the jaws , chin , and throat . Infants are spotted and born with blue eyes and rings on their tails ; juveniles are pale , and dark spots remain on their flanks . Despite anecdotes to the contrary , all @-@ black coloring ( melanism ) has never been documented in cougars . The term " black panther " is used colloquially to refer to melanistic individuals of other species , particularly jaguars and leopards . 
 Cougars have large paws and proportionally the largest hind legs in the cat family . This physique allows it great leaping and short @-@ sprint ability . The cougar is able to leap as high as 5 @.@ 5 m ( 18 ft ) in one bound , and as far as 40 to 45 ft ( 12 to 13 @.@ 5 m ) horizontally . The cougar 's top running speed ranges between 64 and 80 km / h ( 40 and 50 mph ) , but is best adapted for short , powerful sprints rather than long chases . It is adept at climbing , which allows it to evade canine competitors . Although it is not strongly associated with water , it can swim . 
 
 = = = Hunting and diet = = = 
 
 A successful generalist predator , the cougar will eat any animal it can catch , from insects to large ungulates ( over 500 kg ) . Like all cats , it is an obligate carnivore , meaning it needs to feed exclusively on meat to survive . The mean weight of vertebrate prey ( MWVP ) that pumas attack increases with the puma 's body weight ; in general , MWVP is lower in areas closer to the equator . Its most important prey species are various deer species , particularly in North America ; mule deer , white @-@ tailed deer , elk and even bull moose are taken . Other species such as the bighorn and Dall 's sheep , horse , fallow deer , caribou , mountain goat , coyote , pronghorn , and domestic livestock such as cattle and sheep are also primary food bases in many areas . A survey of North America research found 68 % of prey items were ungulates , especially deer . Only the Florida panther showed variation , often preferring feral hogs and armadillos . 
 Investigation in Yellowstone National Park showed that elk , followed by mule deer , were the cougar 's primary targets ; the prey base is shared with the park 's gray wolves , with which the cougar competes for resources . Another study on winter kills ( November – April ) in Alberta showed that ungulates accounted for greater than 99 % of the cougar diet . Learned , individual prey recognition was observed , as some cougars rarely killed bighorn sheep , while others relied heavily on the species . 
 In Pacific Rim National Park Reserve , scat samples showed raccoons to make up 28 % of the cougar 's diet , harbor seals and blacktail deer 24 % each , North American river otters 10 % , California sea lion 7 % , and American mink 4 % ; the remaining 3 % were unidentified . 
 In the Central and South American cougar range , the ratio of deer in the diet declines . Small to mid @-@ sized mammals are preferred , including large rodents such as the capybara . Ungulates accounted for only 35 % of prey items in one survey , about half that of North America . Competition with the larger jaguar has been suggested for the decline in the size of prey items . Other listed prey species of the cougar include mice , porcupines , beavers , raccoons , hares , guanaco , peccary , vicuna , rhea , and wild turkey . Birds and small reptiles are sometimes preyed upon in the south , but this is rarely recorded in North America . Not all of their prey is listed here due to their large range . 
 Though capable of sprinting , the cougar is typically an ambush predator . It stalks through brush and trees , across ledges , or other covered spots , before delivering a powerful leap onto the back of its prey and a suffocating neck bite . The cougar is capable of breaking the neck of some of its smaller prey with a strong bite and momentum bearing the animal to the ground . 
 Kills are generally estimated around one large ungulate every two weeks . The period shrinks for females raising young , and may be as short as one kill every three days when cubs are nearly mature around 15 months . The cat drags a kill to a preferred spot , covers it with brush , and returns to feed over a period of days . The cougar is generally reported to not be a scavenger , and rarely consumes prey it has not killed , but deer carcasses left exposed for study were scavenged by cougars in California , suggesting more opportunistic behavior . 
 
 = = = Reproduction and life cycle = = = 
 
 Females reach sexual maturity between one @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half to three years of age . They typically average one litter every two to three years throughout their reproductive lives , though the period can be as short as one year . Females are in estrus for about 8 days of a 23 @-@ day cycle ; the gestation period is approximately 91 days . Females are sometimes reported as monogamous , but this is uncertain and polygyny may be more common . Copulation is brief but frequent . Chronic stress can result in low reproductive rates when in captivity as well as in the field . 
 Only females are involved in parenting . Female cougars are fiercely protective of their cubs , and have been seen to successfully fight off animals as large as Grizzly bears in their defense . Litter size is between one and six cubs ; typically two . Caves and other alcoves that offer protection are used as litter dens . Born blind , cubs are completely dependent on their mother at first , and begin to be weaned at around three months of age . As they grow , they begin to go out on forays with their mother , first visiting kill sites , and after six months beginning to hunt small prey on their own . Kitten survival rates are just over one per litter . When cougars are born , they have spots , but they lose them as they grow , and by the age of 2 1 / 2 years , they will completely be gone 
 Young adults leave their mother to attempt to establish their own territory at around two years of age and sometimes earlier ; males tend to leave sooner . One study has shown high mortality amongst cougars that travel farthest from the maternal range , often due to conflicts with other cougars ( intraspecific competition ) . Research in New Mexico has shown that " males dispersed significantly farther than females , were more likely to traverse large expanses of non @-@ cougar habitat , and were probably most responsible for nuclear gene flow between habitat patches . " 
 Life expectancy in the wild is reported at eight to 13 years , and probably averages eight to 10 ; a female of at least 18 years was reported killed by hunters on Vancouver Island . Cougars may live as long as 20 years in captivity . One male North American cougar ( P. c. couguar ) , named Scratch , was two months short of his 30th birthday when he died in 2007 . Causes of death in the wild include disability and disease , competition with other cougars , starvation , accidents , and , where allowed , human hunting . Feline immunodeficiency virus , an endemic HIV @-@ like virus in cats , is well @-@ adapted to the cougar . 
 
 = = = Social structure and home range = = = 
 
 Like almost all cats , the cougar is a solitary animal . Only mothers and kittens live in groups , with adults meeting only to mate . It is secretive and crepuscular , being most active around dawn and dusk . 
 Estimates of territory sizes vary greatly . Canadian Geographic reports large male territories of 150 to 1000 km2 ( 58 to 386 sq mi ) with female ranges half the size . Other research suggests a much smaller lower limit of 25 km2 ( 10 sq mi ) , but an even greater upper limit of 1300 km2 ( 500 sq mi ) for males . In the United States , very large ranges have been reported in Texas and the Black Hills of the northern Great Plains , in excess of 775 km2 ( 300 sq mi ) . Male ranges may include or overlap with those of females but , at least where studied , not with those of other males , which serves to reduce conflict between cougars . Ranges of females may overlap slightly with each other . Scrape marks , urine , and feces are used to mark territory and attract mates . Males may scrape together a small pile of leaves and grasses and then urinate on it as a way of marking territory . 
 Home range sizes and overall cougar abundance depend on terrain , vegetation , and prey abundance . One female adjacent to the San Andres Mountains , for instance , was found with a large range of 215 km2 ( 83 sq mi ) , necessitated by poor prey abundance . Research has shown cougar abundances from 0 @.@ 5 animals to as much as 7 ( in one study in South America ) per 100 km2 ( 38 sq mi ) . 
 Because males disperse farther than females and compete more directly for mates and territory , they are most likely to be involved in conflict . Where a subadult fails to leave his maternal range , for example , he may be killed by his father . When males encounter each other , they hiss , spit , and may engage in violent conflict if neither backs down . Hunting or relocation of the cougar may increase aggressive encounters by disrupting territories and bringing young , transient animals into conflict with established individuals . 
 
 = = Ecology = = 
 
 
 = = = Distribution and habitat = = = 
 
 The cougar has the largest range of any wild land animal in the Americas . Its range spans 110 degrees of latitude , from northern Yukon in Canada to the southern Andes . Its wide distribution stems from its adaptability to virtually every habitat type : it is found in all forest types , as well as in lowland and mountainous deserts . The cougar prefers regions with dense underbrush , but can live with little vegetation in open areas . Its preferred habitats include precipitous canyons , escarpments , rim rocks , and dense brush . 
 The cougar was extirpated across much of its eastern North American range ( with the exception of Florida ) in the two centuries after European colonization , and faced grave threats in the remainder of its territory . Currently , it ranges across most western American states , the Canadian provinces of Alberta , Saskatchewan and British Columbia , and the Canadian territory of Yukon . There have been widely debated reports of possible recolonization of eastern North America . DNA evidence has suggested its presence in eastern North America , while a consolidated map of cougar sightings shows numerous reports , from the mid @-@ western Great Plains through to eastern Canada . The Quebec wildlife services ( known locally as MRNF ) also considers cougar to be present in the province as a threatened species after multiple DNA tests confirmed cougar hair in lynx mating sites . The only unequivocally known eastern population is the Florida panther , which is critically endangered . There have been unconfirmed sightings in Elliotsville Plantation , Maine ( north of Monson ) ; and in New Hampshire , there have been unconfirmed sightings as early as 1997 . In 2009 , the Michigan Department of Natural Resources confirmed a cougar sighting in Michigan 's Upper Peninsula . Typically , extreme @-@ range sightings of cougars involve young males , which can travel great distances to establish ranges away from established males ; all four confirmed cougar kills in Iowa since 2000 involved males . 
 On April 14 , 2008 , police shot and killed a cougar on the north side of Chicago , Illinois . DNA tests were consistent with cougars from the Black Hills of South Dakota . Less than a year later , on March 5 , 2009 , a cougar was photographed and unsuccessfully tranquilized by state wildlife biologists in a tree near Spooner , Wisconsin , in the northwestern part of the state . 
 Other eastern sightings since 2010 have occurred in locations such as Greene County , Indiana , Greenwich and Milford , Connecticut , Morgan County Pike County , and Whiteside County , Illinois , and Bourbon County , Kentucky . 
 South of the Rio Grande , the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources ( IUCN ) lists the cat in every Central and South American country . While specific state and provincial statistics are often available in North America , much less is known about the cat in its southern range . 
 The cougar 's total breeding population is estimated at less than 50 @,@ 000 by the IUCN , with a declining trend . US state @-@ level statistics are often more optimistic , suggesting cougar populations have rebounded . In Oregon , a healthy population of 5 @,@ 000 was reported in 2006 , exceeding a target of 3 @,@ 000 . California has actively sought to protect the cat and a similar number of cougars has been suggested , between 4 @,@ 000 and 6 @,@ 000 . 
 In 2012 research in Río Los Cipreses National Reserve , Chile , based in 18 motion @-@ sensitive cameras counted a population of two males and two females , one of them with at least two cubs , in an area of 600 km2 , that is 0 @.@ 63 cougars every 100 km2 . 
 
 = = = Habitat fragmentation = = = 
 
 With the increase of human development and infrastructure growth in California , the North American Cougar populations are becoming more isolated from one another . 
 
 = = = Ecological role = = = 
 
 Aside from humans , no species preys upon mature cougars in the wild , although conflicts with other predators or scavengers occur . The Yellowstone National Park ecosystem provides a fruitful microcosm to study inter @-@ predator interaction in North America . Of the three large predators , the massive grizzly bear appears dominant , often although not always able to drive both the gray wolf pack and the cougar off their kills . One study found that American black bears visited 24 % of cougar kills in Yellowstone and Glacier National Parks , usurping 10 % of carcasses . Bears gained up to 113 % , and cougars lost up to 26 % , of their respective daily energy requirements from these encounters . Accounts of cougars and black bears killing each other in fights to the death have been documented from the 19th century . In spite of the size and power of the cougar , there have also been accounts of both brown and black bears killing cougars , either in disputes or in self @-@ defense . 
 The gray wolf and the cougar compete more directly for prey , especially in winter . Wolves can steal kills and occasionally kill the cat . One report describes a large pack of 7 to 11 wolves killing a female cougar and her kittens . Conversely , lone female or young wolves are vulnerable to predation , and have been reported ambushed and killed by cougars . Various accounts of cougars killing lone wolves , including a six @-@ year @-@ old female , have also been documented . Wolves more broadly affect cougar population dynamics and distribution by dominating territory and prey opportunities , and disrupting the feline 's behavior . Preliminary research in Yellowstone , for instance , has shown displacement of the cougar by wolves . In nearby Sun Valley , Idaho , a cougar / wolf encounter that resulted in the death of the cougar was documented . One researcher in Oregon noted : " When there is a pack around , cougars are not comfortable around their kills or raising kittens ... A lot of times a big cougar will kill a wolf , but the pack phenomenon changes the table . " 
 Both species , meanwhile , are capable of killing mid @-@ sized predators , such as bobcats and coyotes , and tend to suppress their numbers . Although cougars can kill coyotes , the latter have been documented attempting to prey on cougar cubs . 
 In the southern portion of its range , the cougar and jaguar share overlapping territory . The jaguar tends to take larger prey and the cougar smaller where they overlap , reducing the cougar 's size and also further reducing the likelihood of direct competition . Of the two felines , the cougar appears best able to exploit a broader prey niche and smaller prey . 
 As with any predator at or near the top of its food chain , the cougar impacts the population of prey species . Predation by cougars has been linked to changes in the species mix of deer in a region . For example , a study in British Columbia observed that the population of mule deer , a favored cougar prey , was declining while the population of the less frequently preyed @-@ upon white @-@ tailed deer was increasing . The Vancouver Island marmot , an endangered species endemic to one region of dense cougar population , has seen decreased numbers due to cougar and gray wolf predation . Nevertheless , there is a measurable effect on the quality of deer populations by puma predation . 
 In the southern part of South America , the puma is a top level predator that has controlled the population of guanaco and other species since prehistoric times . 
 
 = = Hybrids = = 
 
 A pumapard is a hybrid animal resulting from a union between a cougar and a leopard . Three sets of these hybrids were bred in the late 1890s and early 1900s by Carl Hagenbeck at his animal park in Hamburg , Germany . Most did not reach adulthood . One of these was purchased in 1898 by Berlin Zoo . A similar hybrid in Berlin Zoo purchased from Hagenbeck was a cross between a male leopard and a female puma . Hamburg Zoo 's specimen was the reverse pairing , the one in the black @-@ and @-@ white photo , fathered by a puma bred to an Indian leopardess . 
 Whether born to a female puma mated to a male leopard , or to a male puma mated to a female leopard , pumapards inherit a form of dwarfism . Those reported grew to only half the size of the parents . They have a puma @-@ like long body ( proportional to the limbs , but nevertheless shorter than either parent ) , but short legs . The coat is variously described as sandy , tawny or greyish with brown , chestnut or " faded " rosettes . 
 
 = = Conservation status = = 
 
 The World Conservation Union ( IUCN ) currently lists the cougar as a " least concern " species . The cougar is regulated under Appendix I of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora ( CITES ) , rendering illegal international trade in specimens or parts . 
 In the United States east of the Mississippi River , the only unequivocally known cougar population is the Florida panther . Until 2011 , the United States Fish and Wildlife Service ( USFWS ) recognized both an Eastern cougar ( claimed to be a subspecies by some , denied by others ) and the Florida panther , affording protection under the Endangered Species Act . Certain taxonomic authorities have collapsed both designations into the North American cougar , with Eastern or Florida subspecies not recognized , while a subspecies designation remains recognized by some conservation scientists . In 2003 the documented count for the Florida sub @-@ population was 87 individuals . In March 2011 , the USFWS declared the Eastern cougar extinct . With the taxonomic uncertainty about its existence as a subspecies as well as the possibility of eastward migration of cougars from the western range , the subject remains open . 
 This uncertainty has been recognized by Canadian authorities . The Canadian federal agency called Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada rates its current data as " insufficient " to draw conclusions regarding the eastern cougar 's survival , and says on its Web site " Despite many sightings in the past two decades from eastern Canada , there are insufficient data to evaluate the taxonomy or assign a status to this cougar . " Notwithstanding numerous reported sightings in Ontario , Quebec , New Brunswick and Nova Scotia , it has been said that the evidence is inconclusive : " . . . there may not be a distinct ' eastern ' subspecies , and some sightings may be of escaped pets . " 
 The cougar is also protected across much of the rest of its range . As of 1996 , cougar hunting was prohibited in Argentina , Brazil , Bolivia , Chile , Colombia , Costa Rica , French Guiana , Guatemala , Honduras , Nicaragua , Panama , Paraguay , Suriname , Venezuela , and Uruguay . The cat had no reported legal protection in Ecuador , El Salvador , and Guyana . Regulated cougar hunting is still common in the United States and Canada , although they are protected from all hunting in the Yukon ; it is permitted in every U.S. state from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean , with the exception of California . Texas is the only state in the United States with a viable population of cougars that does not protect that population in some way . In Texas , cougars are listed as nuisance wildlife and any person holding a hunting or a trapping permit can kill a cougar regardless of the season , number killed , sex or age of the animal . Killed animals are not required to be reported to Texas Parks and Wildlife Department . Conservation work in Texas is the effort of a non @-@ profit organization , Balanced Ecology Inc ( BEI ) , as part of their Texas Mountain Lion Conservation Project . Cougars are generally hunted with packs of dogs , until the animal is ' treed ' . When the hunter arrives on the scene , he shoots the cat from the tree at close range . The cougar cannot be legally killed without a permit in California except under very specific circumstances , such as when a cougar is in act of pursuing livestock or domestic animals , or is declared a threat to public safety . Permits are issued when owners can prove property damage on their livestock or pets . For example , multiple dogs have been attacked and killed , sometimes while with the owner . Many attribute this to the protection cougars have from being hunted and are now becoming desensitized to humans ; most are removed from the population after the attacks have already occurred . Statistics from the Department of Fish and Game indicate that cougar killings in California have been on the rise since the 1970s with an average of over 112 cats killed per year from 2000 to 2006 compared to six per year in the 1970s . They also state on their website that there is a healthy number of cougars in California . The Bay Area Puma Project aims to obtain information on cougar populations in the San Francisco Bay area and the animals ' interactions with habitat , prey , humans , and residential communities . 
 Conservation threats to the species include persecution as a pest animal , environmental degradation and habitat fragmentation , and depletion of their prey base . Wildlife corridors and sufficient range areas are critical to the sustainability of cougar populations . Research simulations have shown that the animal faces a low extinction risk in areas of 2200 km2 ( 850 sq mi ) or more . As few as one to four new animals entering a population per decade markedly increases persistence , foregrounding the importance of habitat corridors . 
 On March 2 , 2011 , the United States Fish and Wildlife Service declared the Eastern cougar ( Puma concolor couguar ) officially extinct . 
 
 = = Relationships with humans = = 
 
 
 = = = In mythology = = = 
 
 The grace and power of the cougar have been widely admired in the cultures of the indigenous peoples of the Americas . The Inca city of Cusco is reported to have been designed in the shape of a cougar , and the animal also gave its name to both Inca regions and people . The Moche people represented the puma often in their ceramics . The sky and thunder god of the Inca , Viracocha , has been associated with the animal . 
 In North America , mythological descriptions of the cougar have appeared in the stories of the Hocąk language ( " Ho @-@ Chunk " or " Winnebago " ) of Wisconsin and Illinois and the Cheyenne , amongst others . To the Apache and Walapai of Arizona , the wail of the cougar was a harbinger of death . The Algonquins and Ojibwe believe that the cougar lived in the underworld and was wicked , whereas it was a sacred animal among the Cherokee . 
 
 = = = Livestock predation = = = 
 
 During the early years of ranching , cougars were considered on par with wolves in destructiveness . According to figures in Texas in 1990 , 86 calves ( 0 @.@ 0006 % of a total of 13 @.@ 4 million cattle & calves in Texas ) , 253 Mohair goats , 302 Mohair kids , 445 sheep ( 0 @.@ 02 % of a total of 2 @.@ 0 million sheep & lambs in Texas ) and 562 lambs ( 0 @.@ 04 % of 1 @.@ 2 million lambs in Texas ) were confirmed to have been killed by cougars that year . In Nevada in 1992 , cougars were confirmed to have killed 9 calves , 1 horse , 4 foals , 5 goats , 318 sheep and 400 lambs . In both cases , sheep were the most frequently attacked . Some instances of surplus killing have resulted in the deaths of 20 sheep in one attack . A cougar 's killing bite is applied to the back of the neck , head , or throat and they inflict puncture marks with their claws usually seen on the sides and underside of the prey , sometimes also shredding the prey as they hold on . Coyotes also typically bite the throat region but do not inflict the claw marks and farmers will normally see the signature zig @-@ zag pattern that coyotes create as they feed on the prey whereas cougars typically drag in a straight line . The work of a cougar is generally clean , differing greatly from the indiscriminate mutilation by coyotes and feral dogs . The size of the tooth puncture marks also helps distinguish kills made by cougars from those made by smaller predators . 
 Remedial hunting appears to have the paradoxical effect of increased livestock predation and complaints of human @-@ puma conflicts . In a 2013 study the most important predictor of puma problems were remedial hunting of puma the previous year . Each additional puma on the landscape increased predation and human @-@ puma complaints by 5 % but each additional animal killed on the landscape the previous year increased complaints by 50 % , an order of magnitude higher . The effect had a dose @-@ response relationship with very heavy ( 100 % removal of adult puma ) remedial hunting leading to a 150 % – 340 % increase in livestock and human conflicts . This effect is attributed to the fact that inexperienced younger male pumas are most likely to approach human developments , whereas remedial hunting removes older pumas who have learned to avoid people in their established territories . Remedial hunting enables younger males to enter the former territories of the older animals . 
 
 = = = Attacks on humans = = = 
 
 
 = = = = North American subspecies = = = = 
 
 The pertinent North American subspecies is P. concolor couguar . 
 Due to the expanding human population , cougar ranges increasingly overlap with areas inhabited by humans . Attacks on humans are very rare , as cougar prey recognition is a learned behavior and they do not generally recognize humans as prey . Attacks on people , livestock , and pets may occur when a puma habituates to humans or is in a condition of severe starvation . Attacks are most frequent during late spring and summer , when juvenile cougars leave their mothers and search for new territory . 
 Between 1890 and 1990 , in North America there were 53 reported , confirmed attacks on humans , resulting in 48 nonfatal injuries and 10 deaths of humans ( the total is greater than 53 because some attacks had more than one victim ) . By 2004 , the count had climbed to 88 attacks and 20 deaths . 
 Within North America , the distribution of attacks is not uniform . The heavily populated state of California has seen a dozen attacks since 1986 ( after just three from 1890 to 1985 ) , including three fatalities . Lightly populated New Mexico reported an attack in 2008 , the first there since 1974 . 
 As with many predators , a cougar may attack if cornered , if a fleeing human stimulates their instinct to chase , or if a person " plays dead " . Standing still may cause the cougar to consider a person easy prey . Exaggerating the threat to the animal through intense eye contact , loud shouting , and any other action to appear larger and more menacing , may make the animal retreat . Fighting back with sticks and rocks , or even bare hands , is often effective in persuading an attacking cougar to disengage . 
 When cougars do attack , they usually employ their characteristic neck bite , attempting to position their teeth between the vertebrae and into the spinal cord . Neck , head , and spinal injuries are common and sometimes fatal . Children are at greatest risk of attack , and least likely to survive an encounter . Detailed research into attacks prior to 1991 showed that 64 % of all victims – and almost all fatalities – were children . The same study showed the highest proportion of attacks to have occurred in British Columbia , particularly on Vancouver Island where cougar populations are especially dense . Preceding attacks on humans , cougars display aberrant behavior , such as activity during daylight hours , a lack of fear of humans , and stalking humans . There have sometimes been incidents of pet cougars mauling people . 
 Research on new wildlife collars may be able to reduce human @-@ animal conflicts by predicting when and where predatory animals hunt . This can not only save human lives and the lives of their pets and livestock but also save these large predatory mammals that are important to the balance of ecosystems . 
 
 = = = = Other subspecies = = = = 
 
 The puma of the plains of South America ( P. concolor cabrerae , called the Argentine cougar by North Americans ) is noted for its extreme unwillingness to attack humans . According to the Anglo @-@ Argentine naturalist William Henry Hudson " It does not attack man , and Azara is perfectly correct when he affirms that it never hurts , or threatens to hurt , man or child , even when it finds them sleeping . This , however , is not a full statement of the facts ; the puma will not even defend itself against man " . And : " All who have killed or witnessed the killing of the puma — and I have questioned scores of hunters on this point — agree that it resigns itself in this unresisting , pathetic manner to death at the hands of man . Claudio Gay , in his Natural History of Chili , says , " When attacked by man its energy and daring at once forsake it , and it becomes a weak , inoffensive animal , and trembling , and uttering piteous moans , and shedding abundant tears , it seems to implore compassion from a generous enemy " . Hudson adds that , except in relation to man , the puma is a ferocious animal , attacking even the much stronger jaguar . 
 
 
 = New York State Route 164 = 
 
 New York State Route 164 ( NY 164 ) is a short state highway located entirely in the town of Patterson in northeastern Putnam County , New York , in the United States . It is a short , two @-@ lane back road that does not pass through any major populated areas and serves primarily as a connector between NY 311 and NY 22 . NY 164 also allows for faster passage from Interstate 84 ( I @-@ 84 ) to the Putnam Lake area via NY 311 . The route was originally designated as NY 312 during the 1930s and later became part of NY 216 . NY 164 was established on January 1 , 1970 , following the truncation of NY 216 to its current eastern terminus . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 In the west , NY 164 splits off from NY 311 a short distance east of I @-@ 84 . It crosses under the Metro North tracks three times , including two one @-@ lane underpasses with limited sight to the other side . It passes along the northern base of a small mountain and turns slightly southward . The highway turns due eastward and intersects with County Route 64 in the hamlet of Towners . Just to the north is Mandel Pond , and the route makes a series of erratic turns around small mountains , passing south of Cornwall Hill as it does so . NY 164 turns south @-@ southeast and ends at NY 22 in Patterson , east of the East Branch Croton River . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The entirety of modern @-@ day NY 164 was originally designated as NY 312 in the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . When the NY 312 designation was shifted south to its current location in the town of Southeast c . 1937 , its former routing in Patterson became part of an extended NY 216 , which connected with its current routing by way of modern NY 311 , NY 292 and NY 55 . NY 216 was truncated to its current length on January 1 , 1970 . The portion of its former alignment between NY 311 and NY 22 was then redesignated as NY 164 . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The entire route is in Patterson , Putnam County . 
 
 
 = Sorraia = 
 
 The Sorraia is a rare breed of horse indigenous to the portion of the Iberian peninsula , in the Sorraia River basin , in Portugal . The Sorraia is known for its primitive features , including a convex profile and dun coloring with primitive markings . Concerning its origins , a theory has been advanced by some authors that the Sorraia is a descendant of primitive horses belonging to the naturally occurring wild fauna of Southern Iberia . Studies are currently ongoing to discover the relationship between the Sorraia and various wild horse types , as well as its relationship with other breeds from the Iberian Peninsula and Northern Africa . 
 Members of the breed are small , but hardy and well @-@ adapted to harsh conditions . They were occasionally captured and used by native farmers for centuries , and a remnant population of these nearly extinct horses was discovered by a Portuguese zoologist in the early 20th century . Today , the Sorraia has become the focus of preservation efforts , with European scientists leading the way and enthusiasts from several countries forming projects and establishing herds to assist in the re @-@ establishment of this breed from its current endangered status . 
 
 = = Characteristics = = 
 
 The Sorraia breed stands between 14 @.@ 1 and 14 @.@ 3 hands ( 57 and 59 inches , 145 and 150 cm ) high , although some individuals are as small as 12 @.@ 3 hands ( 51 inches , 130 cm ) The head tends to be large , the profile convex , and the ears long . The neck is slender and long , the withers high , and the croup slightly sloping . The legs are strong , with long pasterns and well @-@ proportioned hooves . These horses have good endurance and are easy keepers , thriving on relatively little fodder . They have a reputation for being independent of temperament , but tractable . 
 On adult horses , the lay of the hair can create the appearance of stripes or " barring " on the neck and chest . Also due to the lay of the hair , newborn foals can appear to have stripes all over , reminiscent of zebra stripes . The breed standard refers to this as " hair stroke " . 
 
 = = = Color = = = 
 
 Sorraia are generally dun or a dun variation called grullo . Dun coloring includes primitive markings such as a black dorsal stripe , black tipped ears , horizontal striping on the legs and a dark muzzle area . The dark muzzle area is in contrast to some other dun @-@ colored horse breeds , who have light @-@ colored muzzle areas and underbellies , possibly due to the presence of pangare genetics . Sorraia horses have bi @-@ colored manes and tails with lighter colored hairs that fringe the outside of the longer growing black hair . This is a characteristic shared with other predominantly dun @-@ colored breeds , such as the Fjord horse . Purebred Sorraia occasionally have white markings , although they are rare and undesired by the breed 's studbook . 
 
 = = Genetics = = 
 
 The relationship between the Sorraia and other breeds remains largely undetermined , as is its relationship to the wild horse subspecies , the Tarpan and the Przewalski 's Horse . The Sorraia originally developed in the southern part of the Iberian peninsula. d 'Andrade hypothesized that the Sorraia would be the ancestor of the Southern Iberian breeds . Morphologically , scientists place the Sorraia as closely related to the Gallego and the Asturcon , but genetic studies using mitochondrial DNA show that the Sorraia forms a cluster that is largely separated from most Iberian breeds . Some evidence links this cluster with Konik and domestic Mongolian horses . At the same time , one of the maternal lineages is shared with the Lusitano . Genetic evidence has not supported an hypothesis that the Sorraia is related to the Barb horse , an African breed introduced to Iberia by the Moors . 
 Multiple authors have suggested that the Sorraia might be a descendant of the Tarpan based on shared morphological features , principally the typical color of its coat . Other authors simply state that the Sorraia has " evident primitive characteristics " , although they do not refer to a specific ancestor . However , there have been no genetic studies comparing the Sorraia with the Tarpan , and similarity of external morphology is an unreliable measure of relatedness . 
 Genetic studies to date have been inconclusive about the closest relative of the Sorraia . On one hand , studies using mitochondrial DNA showed a relationship with the Przewalski 's Horse , in that Przewalski 's Horse has a unique haplotype ( A2 ) not found in domestic horses , which differs by just one single nucleotide from one of the major Sorraia haplotypes ( JSO41 , later A7 ) . In comparison , genetic distances within the domestic horse are as large as 11 nucleotide differences . However , this relationship with the Przewalski 's Horse was contradicted in another study using microsatellite data that showed that the genetic distance between the Prewalski 's Horse and the Sorraia was the largest . Such conflicting results can arise when a population passes through a genetic bottleneck , and evidence suggests that the Sorraia , among other rare breeds , has recently passed through a bottleneck , effectively obscuring the position of this breed in the family tree of the domestic horse . Thus , the morphological , physiological , and cultural characteristics of the Sorraia are the subject of continued study to better understand the relationship between various Iberian horse breeds and wild horse subspecies . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Although it is known that the Sorraia developed in the southern part of the Iberian peninsula , the breed was isolated and unknown to science until the 20th century . Despite the lack of documentation , attempts have been made to reconstruct its history . Paleolithic parietal art images in the region depict equines with a distinct likeness to the Sorraia , with similar zebra @-@ like markings . Analysis of mtDNA has been performed on Mustangs in the western United States that show similar mtDNA patterns between some Mustangs and the Sorraia breed . Spanish conquistadors took Iberian horses , some of whom closely resembled the modern @-@ day Sorraia , to the Americas in their conquests , probably as pack animals . Similarities between the Sorraia and several North and South American breeds are shown in the dun and grullo coloring and various physical characteristics . This evidence suggests that the Sorraia , their ancestors , or other horses with similar features , may have had a long history in the Iberian region and a role in the creation of American breeds . 
 Otherwise , the Sorraia breed was lost to history until 1920 , when Portuguese zoologist and paleontologist Dr. Ruy d 'Andrade first encountered the Sorraia horse during a hunting trip in the Portuguese lowlands . This remnant herd of primitive horses had continued to live a wild existence in these lowlands , which were rather inaccessible and had been used as a hunting preserve by Portuguese royalty until the early 1900s . At the time of d 'Andrade 's initial meeting the breed , the horses were ill @-@ regarded by native farmers , although they were considered hardy native fauna that lived off of the uncultivated lands and salt marshes in the local river valleys . For centuries , peasant farmers of the area would occasionally capture the horses and use them for agricultural work , including threshing grain and herding bulls . 
 In the 1920s and 1930s , as mechanization became more prevalent , both wild and domesticated breeding stock diminished to almost nothing , and d 'Andrade , along with his son Fernando , encouraged the conservation of the breed . In 1937 , d 'Andrade began a small herd of his own with five stallions and seven mares from horses obtained near Coruche , Portugal . All Sorraias currently in captivity descend from these original horses obtained by d 'Andrade , and it is believed that the remnant wild herds of the breed died out soon after . These horses were kept in a habitat similar to their native one . In 1975 , two other farms took up the Sorraia 's cause and acquired small herds to help with conservation . In 1976 , three stallions and three mares were imported to Germany from Portugal to begin a sub @-@ population there . In March 2004 , a small breeding herd of Sorraia horses was released on the estate of a private land owner who dedicated a portion of his property so that these horses could live completely wild , as did their ancestors . The refuge created for them is in the Vale de Zebro region of south western Portugal , one of places so named because this is where the Sorraia 's predecessors dwelt . 
 Two Sorraia stallions were imported to the United States in the early 21st century . In 2006 , another Sorraia stallion was imported to Canada where a Sorraia Mustang Preserve has been established on Manitoulin Island in Ontario . Unrelated to existing preservation efforts which work in conjunction with the Sorraia Mustang Studbook , another project by a consortium of breeders in the United States is attempting to establish a separate network and studbook . These breeders have gathered Spanish Mustangs that through mtDNA testing show a genetic relationship with the Sorraia and are breeding them according to both genotype and phenotype in an attempt to help preserve what they are calling the " American Sorraia " . 
 Today , the breed is nearly extinct , with fewer than 200 horses existing as of 2007 , including around 80 breeding mares . The Food and Agriculture Organization considers it to be maintaining critical risk status . The first studbook was published in 2004 , dedicated to maintaining a written record of the bloodlines of the Sorraia . Sorraias are present mainly in Portugal , with a small population in Germany . While not bred for a specific use , the Sorraia horses are versatile and have been used in herding bulls , dressage riding and light harness . 
 
 = = = Naming = = = 
 
 Dr. Ruy d 'Andrade gave the breed their name of " Sorraia " . D 'Andrade took the name from the Sorraia River in Portugal . The breed had previously been known by the local Portuguese as " zebro " or " zebra " , due to their markings . In the time of Christopher Columbus , the Sorraia was also known as the Marismeño , but the Sorraia and the Marismeño have evolved into two different breeds over time . Today , the name Marismeño refers to a population of semiferal horses living in Doñana Natural Park in Spain . 
 
 
 = Haifa = 
 
 Haifa ( Hebrew : חֵיפָה Hefa , Hebrew pronunciation : [ ħeˈfa ] , colloquial Hebrew pronunciation : [ ˈχai ̯ fa ] Hayfa ; Arabic : حيفا Hayfa ) , the third @-@ largest city in the State of Israel , has a population of over 277 @,@ 082 . Another 300 @,@ 000 people live in towns directly adjacent to the city including Daliyat al @-@ Karmel , the Krayot , Nesher , Tirat Carmel , and some kibbutzim . Together these areas form a contiguous urban area , home to nearly 600 @,@ 000 residents , which makes up the inner core of the Haifa metropolitan area , the second- or third @-@ most populous metropolitan area in Israel . It is also home to the Bahá 'í World Centre , a UNESCO World Heritage Site and a destination for Baha 'i pilgrims . 
 Built on the slopes of Mount Carmel , the settlement has a history spanning more than 3 @,@ 000 years . The earliest known settlement in the vicinity was Tell Abu Hawam , a small port city established in the Late Bronze Age ( 14th century BCE ) . In the 3rd century CE , Haifa was known as a dye @-@ making center . Over the centuries , the city has changed hands : being conquered and ruled by the Phoenicians , Persians , Hasmoneans , Romans , Byzantines , Arabs , Crusaders , Ottomans , British , and the Israelis . Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948 , the Haifa Municipality has governed the city . 
 As of 2016 the city is a major seaport located on Israel 's Mediterranean coastline in the Bay of Haifa covering 63 @.@ 7 square kilometres ( 24 @.@ 6 sq mi ) . It lies about 90 kilometres ( 56 mi ) north of Tel Aviv and is the major regional center of northern Israel . Two respected academic institutions , the University of Haifa and the Technion , are located in Haifa , in addition to the largest k @-@ 12 school in Israel , the Hebrew Reali School . The city plays an important role in Israel 's economy . It is home to Matam , one of the oldest and largest high @-@ tech parks in the country . Haifa Bay is a center of heavy industry , petroleum refining and chemical processing . Haifa formerly functioned as the western terminus of an oil pipeline from Iraq via Jordan . 
 
 = = Etymology = = 
 
 The earliest named settlement within the domain of modern @-@ day Haifa was a city known as Sycaminum . Tel Shikmona Hebrew meaning " mound of the Ficus sycomorus " ( Arabic Tell el @-@ Semak or Tell es @-@ Samak , meaning " mound of the fish " ) preserved and transformed this ancient name and is mentioned once in the Mishnah ( composed c . 200 CE ) for the wild fruits that grow around it . , with locals using it to refer to a coastal tell at the foot of the Carmel Mountains that contains its remains . 
 The name Efa first appears during Roman rule , some time after the end of the 1st century , when a Roman fortress and small Jewish settlement were established not far from Tell es @-@ Samak . Haifa is also mentioned more than 100 times in the Talmud , a book central to Judaism . 
 Hefa or Hepha in Eusebius of Caesarea 's 4th @-@ century work , Onomasticon ( Onom . 108 , 31 ) , is said to be another name for Sycaminus . This synonymizing of the names is explained by Moshe Sharon who writes that the twin ancient settlements , which he calls Haifa @-@ Sycaminon , gradually expanded into one another , becoming a twin city known by the Greek names Sycaminon or Sycaminos Polis . References to this city end with the Byzantine period . 
 Around the 6th century , Porphyreon or Porphyrea is mentioned in the writings of William of Tyre , and while it lies within the area covered by modern Haifa , it was a settlement situated south of Haifa @-@ Sycaminon . 
 Following the Arab conquest in the 7th century , Haifa was used to refer to a site established on Tell es @-@ Samak upon what were already the ruins of Sycaminon ( Shiqmona ) . Haifa ( or Haifah ) is mentioned by the mid @-@ 11th @-@ century Persian chronicler Nasir Khusraw , and the 12th- and 13th @-@ century Arab chroniclers , Muhammad al @-@ Idrisi and Yaqut al @-@ Hamawi . 
 The Crusaders , who captured Haifa briefly in the 12th century , call it Caiphas , and believe its name related to Cephas , the Aramaic name of Simon Peter . Eusebius is also said to have referred to Hefa as Caiaphas civitas , and Benjamin of Tudela , the 12th @-@ century Jewish traveller and chronicler , is said to have attributed the city 's founding to Caiaphas , the Jewish high priest at the time of Jesus . 
 Other spellings in English have included Caipha , Kaipha , Caiffa , Kaiffa and Khaifa . 
 Haifa al- ' Atiqa ( Arabic : " Ancient Haifa " ) is another name used by locals to refer to Tell es @-@ Samak , as it was the site of Haifa when it was a hamlet of 250 residents , before it was moved in 1764 @-@ 5 to a new fortified site founded by Zahir al @-@ Umar 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 kilometres ) to the east . The new village , the nucleus of modern Haifa , was originally named al @-@ imara al @-@ jadida ( Arabic : " the new construction " ) , but locals called it Haifa al @-@ Jadida ( Arabic : " New Haifa " ) at first , and then simply Haifa . In the early 20th century , Haifa al ' Atiqa was repopulated as a predominantly Arab Christian neighborhood of Haifa as it expanded outward from its new location . 
 The ultimate origin of the name Haifa remains unclear . One theory holds it derives from the name of the high priest Caiaphas . Some Christians believe it was named for Saint Peter , whose Aramaic name was Keiphah . Another theory holds it could be derived from the Hebrew verb root חפה ( hafa ) , meaning to cover or shield , i.e. Mount Carmel covers Haifa ; others point to a possible origin in the Hebrew word חוֹף ( hof ) , meaning shore , or חוֹף יָפֶה ( hof yafe ) , meaning beautiful shore . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Early history = = = 
 
 A small port city known today as Tell Abu Hawam was established Late Bronze Age ( 14th century BCE ) . During the 6th century BCE , Greek geographer Scylax told of a city " between the bay and the Promontory of Zeus " ( i.e. , the Carmel ) which may be a reference to Shikmona , a locality in the Haifa area , during the Persian period . By Hellenistic times , the city had moved to a new site south of what is now Bat Galim because the port 's harbour had become blocked with sand . About the 3rd century CE , the city was first mentioned in Talmudic literature , as a Jewish fishing village and the home of Rabbi Avdimi and other Jewish scholars . A Greek @-@ speaking population living along the coast at this time was engaged in commerce . 
 Haifa was located near the town of Shikmona , a center for making the traditional Tekhelet dye used in the garments of the high priests in the Temple . The archaeological site of Shikmona is southwest of Bat Galim . Mount Carmel and the Kishon River are also mentioned in the Bible . A grotto on the top of Mount Carmel is known as the " Cave of Elijah " , traditionally linked to the Prophet Elijah and his apprentice , Elisha . In Arabic , the highest peak of the Carmel range is called the Muhraka , or " place of burning , " harking back to the burnt offerings and sacrifices there in Canaanite and early Israelite times 
 Early Haifa is believed to have occupied the area which extends from the present @-@ day Rambam Hospital to the Jewish Cemetery on Yafo Street . The inhabitants engaged in fishing and agriculture . 
 Under Byzantine rule , Haifa continued to grow but did not assume major importance . Following the Arab conquest of Palestine in the 630s @-@ 40s , Haifa was largely overlooked in favor of the port city of ' Akka . Under the Rashidun Caliphate , Haifa began to develop . In the 9th century under the Umayyad and Abbasid Caliphates , Haifa established trading relations with Egyptian ports and the city featured several shipyards . The inhabitants , Arabs and Jews , engaged in trade and maritime commerce . Glass production and dye @-@ making from marine snails were the city 's most lucrative industries . 
 
 = = = Crusader , Ayyubid and Mamluk rule = = = 
 
 Prosperity ended in 1100 or 1101 , when Haifa was besieged and blockaded by the Crusaders and then conquered after a fierce battle with its Jewish inhabitants and Fatimid garrison . Under the Crusaders , Haifa was reduced to a small fortified coastal stronghold . It was a part of the Principality of Galilee within the Kingdom of Jerusalem . Following their victory at the Battle of Hattin , Saladin 's Ayyubid army captured Haifa in mid @-@ July 1187 and the city 's Crusader fortress was destroyed . The Crusaders under Richard the Lionheart retook Haifa in 1191 . 
 In the 12th century religious hermits started inhabiting the caves on Mount Carmel , and in the 13th century they formed a new Catholic monastic order , the Carmelites . Under Muslim rule , the church which they had built on Mount Carmel was turned into a mosque , later becoming a hospital . In the 19th century , it was restored as a Carmelite monastery , the Stella Maris Monastery . The altar of the church as we see it today , stands over a cave associated with Prophet Elijah . 
 In 1265 , the army of Baibars the Mamluk captured Haifa , destroying its fortifications , which had been rebuilt by King Louis IX of France , as well as the majority of the city 's homes to prevent the European Crusaders from returning . For much of their rule , the city was desolate in the Mamluk period between the 13th and 16th centuries . Information from this period is scarce . During Mamluk rule in the 14th century , al @-@ Idrisi wrote that Haifa served as the port for Tiberias and featured a " fine harbor for the anchorage of galleys and other vessels . 
 
 = = = Ottoman era = = = 
 
 In 1596 , Haifa appeared in Ottoman tax registers as being in the Nahiya of Sahil Atlit of the Liwa of Lajjun . It had a population of 32 Muslim households and paid taxes on wheat , barley , summercrops , olives , and goats or beehives . 
 Haifa was a hamlet of 250 inhabitants in 1764 @-@ 5 . It was located at Tell el @-@ Semak , the site of ancient Sycaminum . In 1765 Zahir al @-@ Umar , the Arab ruler of Acre and the Galilee , moved the population to a new fortified site 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 kilometres ) to the east and laid waste to the old site . According to historian Moshe Sharon , the new Haifa was established by Zahir in 1769 . This event marked the beginning of the town 's life at its modern location . After al @-@ Umar 's death in 1775 , the town remained under Ottoman rule until 1918 , with the exception of two brief periods . 
 In 1799 , Napoleon Bonaparte conquered Haifa during his unsuccessful campaign to conquer Palestine and Syria , but soon had to withdraw ; in the campaign 's final proclamation , Napoleon took credit for having razed the fortifications of " Kaïffa " ( as the name was spelled at the time ) along with those of Gaza , Jaffa and Acre . 
 Between 1831 and 1840 , the Egyptian viceroy Muhammad Ali governed Haifa , after his son Ibrahim Pasha had wrested its control from the Ottomans . When the Egyptian occupation ended and Acre declined , the importance of Haifa rose . 
 The arrival of the German Templers in 1868 , who settled in what is now known as the German Colony of Haifa , was a turning point in Haifa 's development . The Templers built and operated a steam @-@ based power station , opened factories and inaugurated carriage services to Acre , Nazareth and Tiberias , playing a key role in modernizing the city . 
 The first major Jewish Immigration took place at the middle 19th century from Morocco , with small immigration from Turkey few years later . A wave of European Jews arrived at the end of the 19th century from Romania . The Central Jewish Colonisation Society in Romania purchased over 1 @,@ 000 acres ( 4 @.@ 0 km2 ) near Haifa . As the Jewish settlers had been city dwellers , they hired the former fellahin tenants to instruct them in agriculture . 
 In 1909 , Haifa became important to the Bahá 'í Faith when the remains of the Báb , founder of the Bábí Faith and forerunner of Bahá 'u'lláh in the Bahá 'í Faith , were moved from Acre to Haifa and interred in the shrine built on Mount Carmel . Bahá 'ís consider the shrine to be their second holiest place on Earth after the Shrine of Bahá 'u'lláh in Acre . Its precise location on Mount Carmel was shown by Bahá 'u'lláh himself to his eldest son , `Abdu 'l @-@ Bahá , in 1891 . `Abdu 'l @-@ Bahá planned the structure , which was designed and completed several years later by his grandson , Shoghi Effendi . In a separate room , the remains of `Abdu 'l @-@ Bahá were buried in November 1921 . 
 A branch of the Hejaz railway , known as the Jezreel Valley railway , was built between 1903 and 1905 . This event accelerated the growth of Haifa , which became a township ( nahiya ) centre in Akka in the sanjak of Beyrut Eyalet before the end of Ottoman rule . The Technion Institute of Technology was established around this time , that is , in 1912 . 
 
 = = = British Mandate = = = 
 
 Haifa was captured from the Ottomans in September 1918 by Indian horsemen of the British Army after overrunning Ottoman positions armed with spears and swords . On 22 September , British troops were heading to Nazareth when a reconnaissance report was received indicating that the Turks were leaving Haifa . The British made preparations to enter the city and came under fire in the Balad al @-@ Sheikh district ( today Nesher ) . After the British regrouped , an elite unit of Indian horsemen were sent to attack the Turkish positions on the flanks and overrun their artillery guns on Mount Carmel . 
 Under the British Mandate , Haifa became an industrial port city . The Bahá 'í Faith in 1918 and today has its administrative and spiritual centre in the environs of Haifa . Over the next few decades the number of Jews increased steadily , due to immigration , especially from Europe . The Arab immigration on the other hand swelled by influx of Arabs , coming mainly from surrounding villages as well as Syrian Hauran . The Arab immigration mainly came as a result of prices and salary drop . Between the censuses of 1922 and 1931 , the Muslim , Jewish , and Christian populations rose by 217 % , 256 % , and 156 % , respectively . 
 Haifa 's development owed much to British plans to make it a central port and hub for Middle @-@ East crude oil . The British Government of Palestine developed the port and built refineries , thereby facilitating the rapid development of the city as a center for the country 's heavy industries . Haifa was also among the first towns to be fully electrified . The Palestine Electric Company inaugurated the Haifa Electrical Power Station already in 1925 , opening the door to considerable industrialization . The State @-@ run Palestine Railways also built its main workshops in Haifa . 
 By 1945 the population had shifted to 33 percent Muslim , 20 percent Christian and 47 percent Jewish . In 1947 , about 70 @,@ 910 Arabs ( 41 @,@ 000 Muslims , 29 @,@ 910 Christians ) and 74 @,@ 230 Jews were living there . The Christian community were mostly Greek @-@ Melkite Catholics . 
 The 1947 UN Partition Plan in late November 1947 designated Haifa as part of the proposed Jewish state . Arab protests over that decision evolved into violence between Jews and Arabs that left several dozen people dead during December . On 30 December 1947 , members of the Irgun , a Jewish underground militia , threw bombs into a crowd of Arabs outside the gates of the Consolidated Refineries in Haifa , killing six and injuring 42 . In response Arab employees of the company killed 39 Jewish employees in what became known as the Haifa Oil Refinery massacre . The Jewish Haganah militia retaliated with a raid on the Arab village of Balad al @-@ Shaykh , where many of the Arab refinery workers lived , in what became known as the Balad al @-@ Shaykh massacre . Control of Haifa was critical in the ensuing civil war , since it was the major industrial and oil refinery port in British Palestine . 
 British forces in Haifa redeployed on 21 April 1948 , withdrawing from most of the city while still maintaining control over the port facilities . Two days later the downtown , controlled by a combination of local and foreign ( ALA ) Arab irregulars was assaulted by Jewish forces in Operation Bi 'ur Hametz , by the Carmeli Brigade of the Haganah , commanded by Moshe Carmel . The operation led to a massive displacement of Haifa 's Arab population . According to The Economist at the time , only 5 @,@ 000 – 6 @,@ 000 of the city 's 62 @,@ 000 Arabs remained there by 2 October 1948 . 
 Contemporaneous sources emphasized the Jewish leadership 's attempt to stop the Arab exodus from the city and the Arab leadership as a motivating factor in the refugees ' flight . According to the British district superintendent of police , " Every effort is being made by the Jews to persuade the Arab populace to stay and carry on with their normal lives , to get their shops and business open and to be assured that their lives and interests will be safe . " Time Magazine wrote on 3 May 1948 : 
 The mass evacuation , prompted partly by fear , partly by orders of Arab leaders , left the Arab quarter of Haifa a ghost city ... By withdrawing Arab workers their leaders hoped to paralyze Haifa . 
 Benny Morris said Haifa 's Arabs left due to of a combination of Zionist threats and encouragement to do so by Arab leaders . Ilan Pappé writes that the shelling culminated in an attack on a Palestinian crowd in the old marketplace using three @-@ inch ( 76 mm ) mortars on 22 April 1948 . Shabtai Levy , the Mayor of the city , and some other Jewish leaders urged Arabs not to leave . According to Ilan Pappé , Jewish loudspeakers could be heard in the city ordering Arab residents to leave " before it 's too late . " Morris quotes British sources as stating that during the battles between 22 and 23 April 100 Arabs were killed and 100 wounded , but he adds that the total may have been higher . 
 
 = = = State of Israel = = = 
 
 After the Declaration of the Establishment of the State of Israel on 14 May 1948 Haifa became the gateway for Jewish immigration into Israel . During the 1948 Arab – Israeli War , the neighborhoods of Haifa were sometimes contested . After the war , Jewish immigrants were settled in new neighborhoods , among them Kiryat Hayim , Ramot Remez , Ramat Shaul , Kiryat Sprinzak , and Kiryat Eliezer . Bnei Zion Hospital ( formerly Rothschild Hospital ) and the Central Synagogue in Hadar Hacarmel date from this period . In 1953 , a master plan was created for transportation and the future architectural layout . 
 In 1959 , a group of Sephardi and Mizrahi Jews , mostly Moroccan Jews , rioted in Wadi Salib , claiming the state was discriminating against them . Their demand for “ bread and work ” was directed at the state institutions and what they viewed as an Ashkenazi elite in the Labor Party and the Histadrut . 
 Tel Aviv gained in status , while Haifa suffered a decline in the role as regional capital . The opening of Ashdod as a port exacerbated this . Tourism shrank when the Israeli Ministry of Tourism placed emphasis on developing Tiberias as a tourist centre . 
 Nevertheless , Haifa 's population had reached 200 @,@ 000 by the early 1970s , and mass immigration from the former Soviet Union boosted the population by a further 35 @,@ 000 . 
 Many of Wadi Salib 's historic Ottoman buildings have now been demolished , and in the 1990s a major section of the Old City was razed to make way for a new municipal center . 
 From 1999 to 2003 , several Palestinian suicide attacks took place in Haifa ( in Maxim and Matza restaurants , bus 37 , and others ) , killing 68 civilians . 
 In 2006 , Haifa was hit by 93 Hezbollah rockets during the Second Lebanon War , killing 11 civilians and leading to half of the city 's population fleeing at the end of the first week of the war . Among the places hit by rockets were a train depot and the oil refinery complex . 
 
 = = Demographics = = 
 
 Haifa is Israel 's third @-@ largest city , consisting of 103 @,@ 000 households , or a population of 266 @,@ 300 . Immigrants from the former Soviet Union constitute 25 % of Haifa 's population . According to the Israeli Central Bureau of Statistics , Israeli Arabs constitute 10 % of Haifa 's population , the majority living in Wadi Nisnas , Abbas and Halissa neighborhoods . 
 Haifa is commonly portrayed as a model of co @-@ existence between Arabs and Jews , although tensions and hostility do still exist . 
 Between 1994 and 2009 , the city had a declining and aging population compared to Tel Aviv and Jerusalem , as young people moved to the center of the country for education and jobs , while young families migrated to bedroom communities in the suburbs . However , as a result of new projects and improving infrastructure , the city managed to reverse its population decline , reducing emigration while attracting more internal migration into the city . In 2009 , positive net immigration into the city was shown for the first time in 15 years . 
 
 = = = Religious and ethnic communities = = = 
 
 The population is heterogeneous . Jews comprise some 82 % of the population , almost 14 % are Christians ( the majority of whom are Arab Christians ) and , some 4 % are Muslims ( of which many are Ahmadis ) . Haifa also includes Druze and Bahá 'í communities . In 2006 , 27 % of the Arab population was aged 14 and under , compared to 17 % of the Jewish and other population groups . The trend continues in the age 15 @-@ 29 group , in which 27 % of the Arab population is found , and the age 30 @-@ 44 group ( 23 % ) . The population of Jews and others in these age groups are 22 % and 18 % respectively . Nineteen percent of the city 's Jewish and other population is between 45 and 59 , compared to 14 % of the Arab population . This continues with 14 % of Jews and others aged 60 – 74 and 10 % over age 75 , in comparison to 7 % and just 2 % respectively in the Arab population . 
 In 2006 , 2 @.@ 9 % of the Jews in the city were Haredi , compared to 7 @.@ 5 % on a national scale . However , the Haredi community in Haifa is growing fast due to a high fertility rate . 66 @.@ 6 % were secular , compared to a national average of 43 @.@ 7 % . A significant portion of the immigrants from the former Soviet Union either lack official religious @-@ ethnic classification or are Non @-@ Jews as they are from mixed @-@ marriage families of some Jewish origin . There is also a Scandinavian Seamen Protestant church , established by Norwegian Righteous Among the Nations pastor Per Faye @-@ Hansen . 
 Haifa is the center of liberal Palestinian culture , as it was under British colonial rule . The Palestinian neighborhoods , which are mixed Muslim and Christian , are in the lowlands near the sea while Jewish neighborhoods are at higher elevation . An active Palestinian cultural life has developed in the 21st century . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 Haifa is situated on the Israeli Mediterranean Coastal Plain , the historic land bridge between Europe , Africa , and Asia , and the mouth of the Kishon River . Located on the northern slopes of Mount Carmel and around Haifa Bay , the city is split over three tiers . The lowest is the center of commerce and industry including the Port of Haifa . The middle level is on the slopes of Mount Carmel and consists of older residential neighborhoods , while the upper level consists of modern neighborhoods looking over the lower tiers . From here views can be had across the Western Galilee region of Israel towards Rosh HaNikra and the Lebanese border . Haifa is about 90 kilometers ( 55 @.@ 9 mi ) north of the city of Tel Aviv , and has a large number of beaches on the Mediterranean . 
 
 = = Flora and fauna = = 
 
 The Carmel Mountain has three main wadis : Lotem , Amik and Si ’ ach . For the most part these valleys are undeveloped natural corridors that run up through the city from the coast to the top of the mountain . Marked hiking paths traverse these areas and they provide habitat for wildlife such as wild boar , golden jackal , hyrax , Egyptian mongoose , owls and chameleons . 
 
 = = Climate = = 
 
 Haifa has a hot @-@ summer Mediterranean climate with hot , dry summers and cool , rainy winters ( Köppen climate classification Csa ) . Spring arrives in March when temperatures begin to increase . By late May , the temperature has warmed up considerably to herald warm summer days . The average temperature in summer is 26 ° C ( 79 ° F ) and in winter , 12 ° C ( 54 ° F ) . Snow is rare in Haifa , but temperatures around 3 ° C ( 37 ° F ) can sometimes occur , usually in the early morning . Humidity tends to be high all year round , and rain usually occurs between September and May . Annual precipitation is approximately 629 millimeters ( 25 in ) . 
 
 = = Neighborhoods = = 
 
 Haifa has developed in tiers , from the lower to the upper city on the Carmel . The oldest neighborhood in the modern Haifa is Wadi Salib , the Old City center near the port , which has been bisected by a major road and razed in part to make way for government buildings . Wadi Salib stretches across to Wadi Nisnas , the center of Arab life in Haifa today . In the 19th century , under Ottoman rule , the German Colony was built , providing the first model of urban planning in Haifa . Some of the buildings have been restored and the colony has turned into a center of Haifa nightlife . 
 The first buildings in Hadar were constructed at the start of the 20th century . Hadar was Haifa 's cultural center and marketplace throughout the 1920s and into the 1980s , nestled above and around the Haifa 's Arab neighborhoods . Today Hadar stretches from the port area near the bay , approximately halfway up Mount Carmel , around the German Colony , Wadi Nisnas and Wadi Salib . Hadar houses two commercial centers ( one in the port area , and one midway up the mountain ) surrounded by some of the city 's older neighborhoods . 
 Neve Sha 'anan , a neighborhood located on the second tier of Mount Carmel , was founded in the 1920s . West of the port are the neighborhoods of Bat Galim , Shikmona Beach , and Kiryat Eliezer . To the west and east of Hadar are the Arab neighborhoods of Abbas and Khalisa , built in the 1960s and 70s . To the south of Mount Carmel 's headland , along the road to Tel Aviv , are the neighborhoods of Ein HaYam , Shaar HaAliya , Kiryat Sprinzak and Neve David . 
 Above Hadar are affluent neighborhoods such as the Carmel Tzarfati ( French Carmel ) , Merkaz Ha 'Carmel , Romema , Ahuzat Ha 'Carmel ( Ahuza ) , Carmeliya , Vardiya , Ramat Golda , Ramat Alon and Hod Ha 'Carmel ( Denya ) . While there are general divisions between Arab and Jewish neighborhoods , there is an increasing trend for wealthy Arabs to move into affluent Jewish neighborhoods . Another of the Carmel neighborhoods is Kababir , home to the National Headquarters of Israel 's Ahmadiyya Muslim Community ; located near Merkaz HaCarmel and overlooking the coast . 
 
 = = Urban development = = 
 
 Recently , residential construction has been concentrated around Kiryat Haim and Kiryat Shmuel , with 75 @,@ 000 m2 ( 807 @,@ 293 sq ft ) of new residential construction between 2002 – 2004 , the Carmel , with 70 @,@ 000 m2 ( 753 @,@ 474 sq ft ) , and Ramot Neve Sha 'anan with approximately 70 @,@ 000 m2 ( 753 @,@ 474 sq ft ) Non @-@ residential construction was highest in the Lower Town , ( 90 @,@ 000 sq m ) , Haifa Bay ( 72 @,@ 000 sq m ) and Ramot Neve Sha 'anan ( 54 @,@ 000 sq m ) . In 2004 , 80 % of construction in the city was private . 
 Currently , the city has a modest number of skyscrapers and high @-@ rise buildings , and many additional high @-@ rise buildings are planned , have been approved , or are under construction . Though buildings rising up to 20 stories were built on Mount Carmel in the past , the Haifa municipality banned the construction of any new buildings taller than nine stories on Mount Carmel in July 2012 . 
 The neighborhood of Wadi Salib , located in the heart of downtown Haifa , is being redeveloped . Most of its Jewish and Arab residents are considered squatters and have been gradually evicted over the years . The Haifa Economic Corporation Ltd is developing two 1 @,@ 000 square meter lots for office and commercial use . Some historic buildings have been renovated and redeveloped , especially into nightclubs and theaters , such as the Palace of the Pasha , a Turkish bathhouse , and a Middle Eastern music and dance club , which has been converted into theaters and offices . 
 In 2012 , a new , massive development plan was announced for Haifa 's waterfront . According to the plan , the western section of the city 's port will be torn down , and all port activity will be moved to the east . The west side of the port will be transformed into a tourism and nightlife center and a point of embarkation and arrival for sea travel through the construction of public spaces , a beach promenade , and the renovation of commercial buildings . The train tracks that currently bisect the city and separate the city 's beach from the rest of Haifa will also be buried . A park will be developed on the border of the Kishon River , the refineries ' cooling towers will be turned into a visitors ' center , and bridges will lead from the port to the rest of the city . Massive renovations are also currently underway in Haifa 's lower town , in the Turkish market and Paris Square , which will become the city 's business center . In addition , the ammonia depository tank in the Haifa bay industrial zone will be dismantled , and a new one built in an alternative location . 
 Another plan seeks to turn the western section of Haifa Port into a major tourism and nightlife center , as well as a functioning point of embarkation and arrival for sea travel . All port activity will be moved to the western side , and the area will be redeveloped . Public spaces and a beach promenade will be developed , and commercial buildings will be renovated . 
 As part of the development plans , the Israeli Navy , which has a large presence in Haifa , will withdraw from the shoreline between Bat Galim and Hof Hashaket . A 5 @-@ kilometer ( 3 @.@ 1 @-@ mile ) long esplanade which will encircle the shoreline will be constructed . It will include a bicycle path , and possibly also a small bridge under which navy vessels will pass on their way to the sea . 
 In addition , a 50 @,@ 000 square @-@ meter entertainment complex that will contain a Disney theme park , cinemas , shops , and a 25 @-@ screen Multiplex theater will be built at the Check Post exit from the Carmel Tunnels . 
 In 2014 , a new major plan for the city was proposed , under which extensive development of residential , business , and leisure areas will take place with the target of increasing the city 's population by 60 @,@ 000 by 2025 . Under the plan , five new neighborhoods will be built , along with new high @-@ tech parks . In addition , existing employment centers will be renovated , and new leisure areas and a large park will be built . 
 
 = = Economy = = 
 
 The common Israeli saying , " Haifa works , Jerusalem prays , and Tel Aviv plays " attests to Haifa 's reputation as a city of workers and industry . The industrial region of Haifa is in the eastern part of the city , around the Kishon River . It is home to the Haifa oil refinery , one of the two oil refineries in Israel ( the other refinery being located in Ashdod ) . The Haifa refinery processes 9 million tons ( 66 million barrels ) of crude oil a year . Its nowadays unused twin 80 @-@ meter high cooling towers , built in the 1930s , were the tallest buildings built in the British Mandate period . 
 Matam ( short for Merkaz Ta 'asiyot Mada - Scientific Industries Center ) , the largest and oldest business park in Israel , is at the southern entrance to the city , hosting manufacturing and R & D facilities for a large number of Israeli and international hi @-@ tech companies , such as Intel , IBM , Microsoft , Motorola , Google , Yahoo ! , Elbit , CSR , Philips , and Amdocs . The campus of the University of Haifa is also home to IBM Haifa Labs . 
 The Port of Haifa is the leader in passenger traffic among Israeli ports , and is also a major cargo harbor , although deregulation has seen its dominance challenged by the Port of Ashdod . 
 Haifa malls and shopping centers include Hutsot Hamifratz , Horev Center Mall , Panorama Center , Castra Center , Colony Center ( Lev HaMoshava ) , Hanevi 'im Tower Mall , Kanyon Haifa , Lev Hamifratz Mall and Grand Kanyon . 
 In 2010 , Monocle magazine identified Haifa as the city with the most promising business potential , with the greatest investment opportunities in the world . The magazine noted that " a massive head @-@ to @-@ toe regeneration is starting to have an impact ; from scaffolding and cranes around town , to renovated façades and new smart places to eat " . The Haifa municipality had spent more than $ 350 million on roads and infrastructure , and the number of building permits had risen 83 % in the previous two years . 
 In 2014 , it was announced that a technology @-@ focused stock exchange would be established to compete with the Tel Aviv Stock Exchange . 
 Currently , some 40 hotels , mostly boutique hotels , are planned , have been approved , or are under construction . The Haifa Municipality is seeking to turn the city into Northern Israel 's tourist center , from where travelers can embark on day trips into Acre , Nazareth , Tiberias , and the Galilee . 
 A new life sciences industrial park containing five buildings with 85 @,@ 000 square meters of space on a 31 @-@ duman ( 7 @.@ 75 acre ) site is being built adjacent to the Matam industrial park . 
 
 = = = Tourism = = = 
 
 In 2005 , Haifa has 13 hotels with a total of 1 @,@ 462 rooms . The city has a 17 kilometres ( 11 mi ) shoreline , of which 5 kilometres ( 3 mi ) are beaches . Haifa 's main tourist attraction is the Bahá 'í World Centre , with the golden @-@ domed Shrine of the Báb and the surrounding gardens . Between 2005 and 2006 , 86 @,@ 037 visited the shrine . In 2008 , the Bahá 'í gardens were designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site . The restored German Colony , founded by the Templers , Stella Maris and Elijah 's Cave also draw many tourists . 
 Located in the Haifa district are the Ein Hod artists ' colony , where over 90 artists and craftsmen have studios and exhibitions , and the Mount Carmel national park , with caves where Neanderthal and early Homo Sapiens remains were found . 
 A 2007 report commissioned by the Haifa Municipality calls for the construction of more hotels , a ferry line between Haifa , Acre and Caesarea , development of the western anchorage of the port as a recreation and entertainment area , and an expansion of the local airport and port to accommodate international travel and cruise ships . 
 
 = = Arts and culture = = 
 
 Despite its image as a port and industrial city , Haifa is the cultural hub of northern Israel . During the 1950s , mayor Abba Hushi made a special effort to encourage authors and poets to move to the city , and founded the Haifa Theatre , a repertory theater , the first municipal theater founded in the country . The principal Arabic theater servicing the northern Arab population is the al @-@ Midan Theater . Other theaters in the city include the Krieger Centre for the Performing Arts and the Rappaport Art and Culture Center . The Congress Center hosts exhibitions , concerts and special events . 
 The New Haifa Symphony Orchestra , established in 1950 , has more than 5 @,@ 000 subscribers . In 2004 , 49 @,@ 000 people attended its concerts . The Haifa Cinematheque , founded in 1975 , hosts the annual Haifa International Film Festival during the intermediate days of the Sukkot holiday . Haifa has 29 movie theaters . The city publishes a local newspaper , Yediot Haifa , and has its own radio station , Radio Haifa . 
 During the 1990s , Haifa hosted the Haifa Rock & Blues Festival featuring Bob Dylan , Nick Cave , Blur and PJ Harvey . The last festival was held in 1995 with Sheryl Crow , Suede and Faith No More as headliners . 
 
 = = = Museums = = = 
 
 Haifa has over a dozen museums . The most popular museum is the Israel National Museum of Science , Technology , and Space , which recorded almost 150 @,@ 000 visitors in 2004 . The museum is located in the historic Technion building in the Hadar neighborhood . The Haifa Museum of Art houses a collection of modern and classical art , as well as displays on the history of Haifa . The Tikotin Museum of Japanese Art is the only museum in the Middle East dedicated solely to Japanese art . Other museums in Haifa include the Museum of Prehistory , the National Maritime Museum and Haifa City Museum , the Hecht Museum , the Dagon Archaeological Museum of Grain Handling , the Railway Museum , the Clandestine Immigration and Navy Museum , the Israeli Oil Industry Museum , and Chagall Artists ' House . As part of his campaign to bring culture to Haifa , Mayor Abba Hushi provided the artist Mane @-@ Katz with a building on Mount Carmel to house his collection of Judaica , which is now a museum . The Haifa Educational Zoo at Gan HaEm park houses a small animal collection including Syrian brown bears , now extinct from Israel . Wןthin the zoo is the Pinhas House biology institute . In the close vicinity of Haifa , on the Carmel , the Northern " Hai @-@ Bar " ( " wild life " ) operated by Israel 's Parks and Reserves Authority for the purpose of breeding and reintroduction of species now extinct from Israel , such as Persian Fallow Deer . 
 
 = = Government = = 
 
 As an industrial port city , Haifa has traditionally been a Labor party stronghold . The strong presence of dock workers and trade unions earned it the nickname ' Red Haifa . ' In addition , many prominent Arabs in the Israeli Communist Party , among them Tawfik Toubi , Emile Habibi , Zahi Karkabi , Bulus Farah and Emile Toma , were from Haifa . 
 In recent years , there has been a drift toward the center . This was best signified by , in the 2006 legislative elections , the Kadima party receiving about 28 @.@ 9 % of the votes in Haifa , and Labor lagging behind with 16 @.@ 9 % . 
 Before 1948 , Haifa 's Municipality was fairly unusual as it developed cooperation between the mixed Arab and Jewish community in the city , with representatives of both groups involved in the city 's management . Under mayor al @-@ Haj , between 1920 and 1927 , the city council had six Arab and two Jewish representatives , with the city run as a mixed municipality with overall Arab control . Greater cooperation was introduced under Hasan Bey Shukri , who adopted a positive and conciliatory attitude toward the city 's Jews and gave them senior posts in the municipality . In 1940 , the first Jewish mayor , Shabtai Levy , was elected . Levy 's two deputies were Arab ( one Muslim , the other Christian ) , with the remainder of the council made up of four Jews and six Arabs . 
 Today , Haifa is governed by its 12th city council , headed by the mayor Yona Yahav . The results of municipal elections decide on the makeup of the council , similarly to the Knesset elections . The city council is the legislative council in the city , and has the authority to pass auxiliary laws . The 12th council , which was elected in 2003 , has 31 members , with the liberal Shinui @-@ Greens ticket holding the most seats ( 6 ) , and Likud coming second with 5 . Many of the decisions passed by the city council are results of recommendation made by the various municipal committees , which are committees where non @-@ municipal organs meet with representatives from the city council . Some committees are spontaneous , but some are mandatory , such as the security committee , tender committee and financial committee . 
 
 = = = Mayors = = = 
 
 
 = = Medical facilities = = 
 
 Haifa medical facilities have a total of 4 @,@ 000 hospital beds . The largest hospital is the government @-@ operated Rambam Hospital with 900 beds and 78 @,@ 000 admissions in 2004 . Bnai Zion Hospital and Carmel Hospital each have 400 beds . Other hospitals in the city include the Italian Hospital , Elisha Hospital ( 100 beds ) , Horev Medical Center ( 36 beds ) and Ramat Marpe ( 18 beds ) . Haifa has 20 family health centers . In 2004 , there were a total of 177 @,@ 478 hospital admissions . 
 Rambam Medical Center was in the direct line of fire during the Second Lebanon War in 2006 and was forced to take special precautions to protect its patients . Whole wings of the hospital were moved to large underground shelters . 
 
 = = Education = = 
 
 Haifa is home to two internationally acclaimed universities and several colleges The University of Haifa , founded in 1963 , is at the top of Mt . Carmel . The campus was designed by the architect of Brasília and United Nations Headquarters in New York , Oscar Niemeyer . The top floor of the 30 @-@ story Eshkol Tower provides a panoramic view of northern Israel . The Hecht Museum , with important archeology and art collections , is on the campus of Haifa University . 
 The Technion - Israel Institute of Technology , described as Israel 's MIT , was founded in 1912 . It has 18 faculties and 42 research institutes . The original building now houses Haifa 's science museum . The Hebrew Reali School was founded in 1913 . It is the largest k @-@ 12 school in Israel , with 4 @,@ 000 students in 7 branches , all over the city . The first technological high school in Israel , Bosmat , was established in Haifa in 1933 . 
 Other academic institutions in Haifa are the Gordon College of Education and Sha 'anan Religious Teachers ' College , the WIZO Haifa Academy of Design and Education , and Tiltan College of Design . The Michlala Leminhal College of Management and the Open University of Israel have branches in Haifa . The city also has a nursing college and the P.E.T Practical Engineering School . 
 As of 2006 – 07 , Haifa had 70 elementary schools , 23 middle schools , 28 academic high schools and 8 vocational high schools . There were 5 @,@ 133 pupils in municipal kindergartens , 20 @,@ 081 in elementary schools , 7 @,@ 911 in middle schools , 8 @,@ 072 in academic high schools , 2 @,@ 646 in vocational high schools , and 2 @,@ 068 in comprehensive district high schools . 86 % of the students attended Hebrew @-@ speaking schools and 14 % attended Arab schools . 5 % were in special education . In 2004 , Haifa had 16 municipal libraries stocking 367 @,@ 323 books . 
 Two prestigious Arab schools in Haifa are the Orthodox School , run by the Greek Orthodox church , and the Nazareth Nuns ' School , a Catholic institution . 
 
 = = Transportation = = 
 
 Haifa is served by six railway stations and the Carmelit , currently Israel 's only subway system ( another is under construction in Tel Aviv ) . The Nahariya – Tel Aviv Coastal Railway main line of Israel Railways runs along the coast of the Gulf of Haifa and has six stations within the city . From south @-@ west to north @-@ east , these stations are : Haifa Hof HaCarmel , Haifa Bat Galim , Haifa Merkaz HaShmona , Lev HaMifratz , Hutzot HaMifratz and Kiryat Haim . Together with the Kiryat Motzkin Railway Station in the northern suburb Kiryat Motzkin , they form the Haifa - Krayot suburban line ( " Parvarit " ) . There are direct trains from Haifa to Tel Aviv , Ben Gurion International Airport , Nahariya , Akko , Kiryat Motzkin , Binyamina , Lod , Ramla , Beit Shemesh , Jerusalem and other locations , but all trains to Beersheba skips all Haifa stations 
 Haifa 's intercity bus connections are operated almost exclusively by the Egged bus company , which operates two terminals : 
 HaMifratz Central Bus Station , adjacent to the Lev HaMifratz Railway Station 
 Haifa Hof HaCarmel Central Bus Station , adjacent to the Hof HaCarmel Railway Station 
 Lines to the North of the country use HaMifratz Central Bus Station and their coverage includes most towns in the North of Israel . Lines heading south use Haifa Hof HaCarmel Central Bus Station . 
 Destinations directly reachable from Hof HaCarmel CBS include Tel Aviv , Jerusalem , Eilat , Raanana , Netanya , Hadera , Zikhron Ya 'akov , Atlit , Tirat Carmel , Ben Gurion International Airport and intermediate communities . There are also three Egged lines that have their terminus in the Ramat Vizhnitz neighborhood and run to Jerusalem , Bnei Brak and Ashdod . These used to be " mehadrin " ( i.e. gender segregated ) lines . 
 All urban lines are run by Egged . There are also share taxis that run along some bus routes but do not have an official schedule . In 2006 , Haifa implemented a trial network of neighborhood mini @-@ buses – named " Shkhunatit " and run by Egged . In December 2012 , GetTaxi , an app and taxi service which allows users to hail a cab using their smartphone without contacting the taxi station by identifying and summoning the closest taxi . In the current initial phase , 50 taxis from the service are operating in Haifa . 
 Haifa and the Krayot suburbs also have a new Phileas concept bus rapid transit system called the Metronit . These buses , operating with hybrid engines , follow optical strips embedded in designated lanes of roads , providing tram @-@ like public transportation services . The Metronit consists of 100 18 @-@ meter buses , each with the capacity for 150 passengers , operating along 40 km ( 25 mi ) of designated roadways . The new system officially opened on 16 August 2013 serving three lines . 
 Haifa is one of the few cities in Israel where buses operate on Shabbat . Bus lines operate throughout the city on a reduced schedule from late Saturday morning onwards , and also connect Haifa with Nesher , Tirat Karmel , Yokneam , Nazareth , Nazareth Illit and intermediate communities . Since the summer of 2008 , night buses are operated by Egged in Haifa ( line 200 ) and the Krayot suburbs ( line 210 ) . During the summer of 2008 these lines operated 7 nights a week . During the winter their schedule is limited to Thursday , Friday and Saturday nights , making them the only buses in Israel to operate on Friday night . Haifa is also the only city in Israel to operate a Saturday bus service to the beaches during summer time . Egged lines run during Saturday mornings from many neighborhoods to the Dado and Bat Galim beaches , and back in the afternoon . 
 The Haifa underground railway system is called Carmelit . It is a subterranean funicular on rails , running from downtown Paris Square to Gan HaEm ( Mother 's Park ) on Mount Carmel . With a single track , six stations and two trains , it is listed in Guinness World Records as the world 's shortest metro line . The Carmelit accommodates bicycles . 
 Haifa also has a cable car . The Haifa Cable Car gondola lift consists of six cabins and connects Bat Galim on the coast to the Stella Maris observation deck and monastery atop Mount Carmel . It serves mainly tourists . There are currently plans to add a 4 @.@ 4 kilometre commuter cable car service to Haifa 's public transport system , running from HaMifratz Central Bus Station at the foot of Mount Carmel to the Technion , and then to the University of Haifa . 
 
 = = = Air and sea transport = = = 
 
 Haifa Airport serves domestic flights to Tel Aviv and Eilat as well as international charters to Cyprus , Greece and Jordan . The airliners that operates flights from Haifa are Arkia and Israir . There are currently plans to expand services from Haifa . Cruise ships operate from Haifa port primarily to destinations in the Eastern Mediterranean , Southern Europe and Black Sea . 
 
 = = = Roads = = = 
 
 Travel between Haifa and the center of the country is possible by road with Highway 2 , the main highway along the coastal plain , beginning at Tel Aviv and ending at Haifa . Furthermore , Highway 4 runs along the coast to the north of Haifa , as well as south , inland from Highway 2 . In the past , traffic along Highway 2 to the north of Haifa had to pass through the downtown area of the city ; the Carmel Tunnels , opened for traffic 1 December 2010 , now route this traffic under Mount Carmel , reducing congestion in the downtown area . 
 
 = = Sports = = 
 
 The main stadiums in Haifa are the 14 @,@ 002 @-@ seat Kiryat Eliezer Stadium and Thomas D 'Alesandro Stadium . Neve Sha 'anan Athletic Stadium seats 1 @,@ 000 . Construction of the Sammy Ofer Stadium , a UEFA @-@ approved 30 @,@ 820 seat stadium was completed in 2014 . 
 The city 's two main football clubs are Maccabi Haifa and Hapoel Haifa who both currently play in the Israeli Premier League and share the Sammy Ofer Stadium as their home pitch . Maccabi has won twelve Israeli titles , while Hapoel has won one . 
 The city also has an American football club , the Haifa Underdogs , that are a part of the Israeli Football League and play in Yoqneam Stadium . The team lost in the championship game of the league 's inaugural season , but won one title as part of American Football Israel , which merged with the Israeli Football League in 2005 . 
 The city has several clubs in the regional leagues , including Beitar Haifa in Liga Bet ( the fourth tier ) and Hapoel Ahva Haifa , F.C. Haifa Ruby Shapira and Maccabi Neve Sha 'anan Eldad in Liga Gimel ( the fifth tier ) . 
 Haifa has a professional basketball club , Maccabi Haifa . Maccabi Haifa was recently promoted to Israeli Basketball Super League , the top division . The team plays at Romema Arena , which seats 5 @,@ 000 . 
 The Haifa Hawks are an ice hockey team based out of the city of Haifa . They participate in the Israeli League , the top level of Israeli ice hockey . 
 In 1996 , the city hosted the World Windsurfing Championship . The Haifa Tennis Club , near the southwest entrance to the city , is one of the largest in Israel . John Shecter , Olympic horse breeder and owner of triple cup champion Shergar was born here . 
 
 = = Twin towns - sister cities = = 
 
 Haifa is twinned with the following cities : 
 
 
 = New York State Route 185 = 
 
 New York State Route 185 ( NY 185 ) is an east – west state highway in Essex County , New York , in the United States . It serves as a connector between NY 9N and NY 22 in Crown Point and the Lake Champlain Bridge , by which the highway enters Vermont and becomes Vermont Route 17 ( VT 17 ) . NY 185 , named Bridge Road , passes through Crown Point State Historic Site and runs the entire length of Crown Point , a peninsula protruding into Lake Champlain . 
 NY 185 was assigned on April 4 , 2008 , as a signed replacement for New York State Route 910L , an unsigned reference route . It is the third signed designation that Bridge Road has carried , preceded by New York State Route 347 ( during the early 1930s ) and NY 8 ( 1930s to the 1960s ) . NY 185 originally connected to the Champlain Bridge on its east end ; however , that structure was closed and demolished in late 2009 . Its replacement opened to traffic in November 2011 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 NY 185 begins at an intersection with NY 9N and NY 22 in Crown Point . The route progresses eastward as a two @-@ lane highway named Bridge Road . Heading away from the western terminus , there is a fork in the road : to the left is NY 185 , and to the right is a road to a housing development . Most of NY 185 runs along the lowlands around Lake Champlain , making curves at intersections , and heading on relatively flat elevations . As the highway approaches the lake , it makes a curve to the north . There , it intersects with County Route 48 ( Lake Road ) and begins to follow the lake shore . 
 The highway passes to the east of the Crown Point State Historic Site and its campground before ascending up the approach to the Lake Champlain Bridge . After making a final curve to the northeast , NY 185 begins to cross Lake Champlain by way of the bridge . The route ends at the Vermont state line at the bridge 's midpoint , and the roadway continues into Vermont as VT 17 . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Champlain Bridge was built in 1929 , connecting Crown Point in New York to Chimney Point in Vermont . A short connector highway between the bridge — which connected to VT 17 in Vermont — and NY 22 in Crown Point , named Bridge Road , was originally designated as NY 347 as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . NY 347 became part of an extended NY 8 c . 1934 . 
 NY 8 was truncated south to Hague c . 1968 , eliminating a lengthy overlap with NY 22 and NY 9N . Its former routing along Bridge Road became NY 903 , an unsigned reference route . The NY 903 designation was later replaced with NY 910L when a new numbering system for reference routes was adopted by the New York State Department of Transportation , and NY 910L itself was redesignated and signed as NY 185 on April 4 , 2008 . 
 On October 16 , 2009 , the Champlain Bridge was closed to traffic due to structural concerns . The bridge was demolished on December 28 , 2009 , as a result of those concerns , temporarily reducing NY 185 in purpose to a spur route linking NY 9N and NY 22 to Crown Point . Its replacement , the Lake Champlain Bridge , opened to traffic on November 7 , 2011 . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The entire route is in Crown Point , Essex County . 
 
 
 = Fernando Torres = 
 
 Fernando José Torres Sanz ( Spanish pronunciation : [ ferˈnando ˈtores ] ; born 20 March 1984 ) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays as a striker for La Liga club Atlético Madrid . 
 Torres started his career with Atlético Madrid , progressing through their youth system to the first team squad . He made his first team debut in 2001 and finished his time at the club having scored 75 goals in 174 La Liga appearances . Prior to his La Liga debut , Torres played two seasons in the Segunda División for Atlético Madrid , making 40 appearances and scoring seven goals . 
 Torres joined Premier League club Liverpool in 2007 , after signing for a club record transfer fee . He marked his first season at Anfield by being Liverpool 's first player since Robbie Fowler in the 1995 – 96 season to score more than 20 league goals in a season . The most prolific goalscoring spell of his career , he became the fastest player in Liverpool history to score 50 league goals . He was named in the FIFA World XI in 2008 and 2009 . Torres left the club in January 2011 to join Chelsea for a British record transfer fee of £ 50 million , which made him the most expensive Spanish player in history . In his first full season at Chelsea , Torres won the FA Cup and the UEFA Champions League , despite receiving criticism for a comparatively low goal @-@ scoring record . The following season he scored in the final of the 2012 – 13 UEFA Europa League , helping Chelsea to win the competition for the first time . 
 Torres is a Spanish international and made his debut against Portugal in 2003 . He has been capped over 100 times and is his country 's third @-@ highest goalscorer of all time . With Spain he has participated in six major tournaments ; UEFA Euro 2004 , the 2006 FIFA World Cup , UEFA Euro 2008 , the 2010 FIFA World Cup , UEFA Euro 2012 and the 2014 FIFA World Cup . Spain won the three tournaments from 2008 to 2012 , with Torres scoring in the finals of both Euro 2008 and Euro 2012 . 
 
 = = Early career = = 
 
 Born in Fuenlabrada , Community of Madrid , Torres became interested in football as a child and joined his first team , Parque 84 , at the age of five . His father José Torres worked during Torres ' childhood , and his mother Flori Sanz travelled daily with him to training sessions . His grandfather was not a passionate football fan , but took pride in being an Atlético Madrid supporter , and Torres inherited his love for the club . 
 Torres started playing football as a goalkeeper , the position his brother played in . When he was seven years old , however , he started playing regularly as a striker in an indoor league for the neighbourhood club , Mario 's Holland , using the characters from the anime Captain Tsubasa as inspiration . Three years later , aged 10 , he progressed to an 11 @-@ side team , Rayo 13 . He scored 55 goals in a season and was one of three Rayo 13 players to earn a trial with Atlético . He impressed the scouts and joined the club 's youth system at the age of 11 in 1995 . 
 
 = = Club career = = 
 
 
 = = = Atlético Madrid = = = 
 
 After progressing through the ranks , Torres won his first important youth title in 1998 . Atlético sent an under @-@ 15 team to compete in the Nike Cup , in Spain and Europe , to play against youth teams from other clubs ; Atlético won the tournament . He was later voted the best player in Europe for the age group . In 1999 , at the age of 15 , Torres signed his first professional contract with Atlético . He spent his first year playing in the youth team and participated in the Honor Division when he was 16 . The 2000 – 01 season had started badly , as Torres suffered from a cracked shinbone which kept him out until December . Torres trained with the first team to get prepared for pre @-@ season , but eventually made his debut for the team on 27 May 2001 , at the Vicente Calderón Stadium , against CD Leganés . A week later , he scored his first goal for the club against Albacete Balompié and the season finished with Atlético narrowly missing out on promotion to La Liga . 
 Atlético were promoted to La Liga at the end of the 2001 – 02 season , although Torres did not perform well in the season , as he netted only 6 times in 36 appearances in the Segunda División . Torres ' first season in La Liga , 2002 – 03 , was better , however , as he scored 13 goals in 29 appearances , with Atlético finishing in 11th place . In July 2003 , soon after his takeover of the club , Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich had a £ 28 million bid for Torres rejected by Atlético 's board . In the 2003 – 04 season , his second in La Liga , Torres made further strides , scoring 19 league goals in 35 appearances , meaning he finished as joint third highest scorer in the league . At the age of 19 , Torres was named Atlético 's captain . Atlético narrowly missed out on qualification for the UEFA Cup , but by finishing in seventh place in the 2003 – 04 season , they qualified for the 2004 UEFA Intertoto Cup , giving Torres a first taste of a competition at the European level . He scored two goals in the two fourth round matches against OFK Beograd , with one coming in each leg . Atlético reached the Final , but lost 3 – 1 on a penalty shoot @-@ out to Villarreal CF following a 2 – 2 draw on aggregate . FA Premier League champions Chelsea were believed to be interested in signing Torres during the summer of 2005 , but Atlético president Enrique Cerezo said that they had " no chance " of signing him . Cerezo later said in January 2006 that the club was willing to listen to offers for Torres , and Torres claimed Newcastle United of the FA Premier League had made a bid to sign him in March . 
 He stated after the 2006 FIFA World Cup that he had turned down an offer to join Chelsea at the end of the 2005 – 06 season . Torres scored 14 league goals in the 2006 – 07 season . The English media reported that he was the main transfer target of Premier League Liverpool , but Cerezo stated " We 've received no offer from Liverpool or any other club or player " . However , a few days later , new reports suggested Atlético had agreed a deal with Liverpool for Torres ; the fee was rumoured to be £ 25 million with Luis García moving to Atlético in a separate transfer deal . On 30 June , Atlético announced a deal to sign Diego Forlán from Villarreal , in what was seen as a move to replace Torres before his departure became official . On 2 July , it was reported that Torres had cut short a vacation to fly back to Madrid to finalise the move to Liverpool . The following day , Torres passed a medical at Liverpool 's Melwood training ground . He held a press conference in Madrid on 4 July to bid farewell to the Atlético fans , before completing his move to Liverpool on a six @-@ year contract . The transfer fee was the highest in Liverpool 's history . In March 2008 , manager Rafael Benítez stated in an interview with The Times that Torres was acquired for around £ 20 million , although this figure takes into account García 's move to Atlético . 
 
 = = = Liverpool = = = 
 
 
 = = = = 2007 – 08 season = = = = 
 
 Torres made his competitive debut for Liverpool against Aston Villa in a 2 – 1 win on 11 August 2007 . He made his first appearance in the UEFA Champions League four days past his first performance in a 1 – 0 victory over Toulouse , after coming on as a 79th minute substitute . His first Premier League goal came on his Anfield debut on 19 August 2007 , in the 16th minute in a 1 – 1 draw against Chelsea . His first hat @-@ trick came in a 4 – 2 victory over Reading in the League Cup on 25 September 2007 , with all of his goals coming in the second half . His first goals in the Champions League came on his third appearance in the competition as Liverpool beat Porto 4 – 1 on 28 November 2007 , as he scored twice . 
 Torres was named the Premier League Player of the Month for February 2008 , during which he scored four goals in four appearances , including a hat @-@ trick against Middlesbrough on 23 February 2008 . This hat @-@ trick and another in a 4 – 0 victory over West Ham United on 5 March 2008 meant he became the first Liverpool player since Jack Balmer in November 1946 to score a hat @-@ trick in successive home matches . Later in March , after he scored a 47th @-@ minute header against Reading at Anfield , becoming the first Liverpool player since Robbie Fowler in the 1995 – 96 season to score 20 league goals in a season . In April , he scored another Champions League goal , this time against Arsenal in the quarter @-@ final second leg , as Liverpool advanced to the semi @-@ final . This goal took him onto 29 goals for the 2007 – 08 season in all competitions , eclipsing Michael Owen 's personal record for goals in a season . On 11 April 2008 , it was announced Torres had made a six @-@ man shortlist for the PFA Players ' Player of the Year award , which was eventually won by Cristiano Ronaldo of Manchester United . The Spanish international was also nominated for the PFA Young Player of the Year Award , which was won by Cesc Fàbregas of Arsenal and was named in the PFA Team of the Year . In May , he finished second to Ronaldo for the FWA Footballer of the Year award . 
 On 4 May 2008 , Torres scored a 57th @-@ minute winner against Manchester City , which equalled the consecutive Anfield league goal record of eight games set by Roger Hunt . After scoring his 24th league goal in the final game of the season , a 2 – 0 win against Tottenham Hotspur , he set a new record for the most prolific foreign goal scorer in a debut season in England , eclipsing Ruud van Nistelrooy 's 23 goals . He ended the season in joint second place with Emmanuel Adebayor in the race for the Premier League golden boot . Torres was subject to media speculation that Chelsea were willing to pay £ 50 million to sign him but Torres responded by saying it would be " many years " before he left Liverpool . Liverpool co @-@ owner Tom Hicks also negated the idea of a transfer , saying he would not allow Torres to leave the club at any price . 
 
 = = = = 2008 – 09 season = = = = 
 
 Torres made a scoring start to the 2008 – 09 Premier League season with a 25 yard shot into the bottom right @-@ hand corner away at Sunderland , which was the only goal in a 1 – 0 win on 16 August 2008 . He suffered a hamstring tear in a 0 – 0 draw against Aston Villa , which would keep him out for two to three weeks . Torres made his return in a 2 – 1 victory against Marseille in the Champions League and went on to score two goals in the Merseyside derby against Everton on 27 September 2008 to give Liverpool a 2 – 0 win . He followed this up with another two goals the following weekend against Manchester City in a 3 – 2 win away at the City of Manchester Stadium as Liverpool came back from a two @-@ goal deficit . The first of these was the thousandth Liverpool goal to be scored in the Premier League . Torres picked up a hamstring injury during a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifier , meaning he was likely to miss three games for Liverpool . On 22 October 2008 , Liverpool played Torres ' former club Atlético in the Champions League at the Vicente Calderón Stadium , but his injury meant he missed out on the game . The Atlético president , Enrique Cerezo , had given him a VIP invitation to watch the game , but he declined this to continue his rehabilitation from injury in Merseyside . He was named in the FIFPro World XI team for the 2007 – 08 season on 27 October 2008 . 
 Torres made his return for Liverpool on 8 November 2008 after coming on as a 72nd @-@ minute substitute in a 3 – 0 victory against West Bromwich Albion ( West Brom ) . He said he would be interested in returning to former club Atlético eventually , saying " I don 't know if I will retire there , but I would like to go back and finish some things that are left to do . " He was ruled out of action for two to three weeks following Liverpool 's 1 – 0 victory over Marseille in the Champions League in November , where he picked up a hamstring strain , which was later extended to at least four weeks by specialists . He was named on the shortlist for the FIFA World Player of the Year award in December , and eventually came in third place behind Ronaldo and Lionel Messi . Torres returned to action on 3 January 2009 as a substitute with a goal in the 2 – 0 win over Preston North End ; his first in the FA Cup . He scored two late goals for Liverpool to secure a 2 – 0 victory over Chelsea on 1 February 2009 . Despite having spent a year and a half at the club , Torres was chosen as number 50 in The Times 's list of " The 50 greatest Liverpool players " , reinforcing the impact he had made at Liverpool in such a short period of time . 
 Torres faced his old rivals Real Madrid on 10 March 2009 in the Champions League last 16 and due to an ankle injury , he had a painkilling injection before the game to enable him to play . He scored the first goal of the game , which ended as a 4 – 0 victory , meaning Liverpool progressed to the quarter @-@ finals 5 – 0 on aggregate . Four days later he lined up against Manchester United at Old Trafford and he scored the equaliser in a game that finished as a 4 – 1 victory . He was named in the PFA Team of the Year for the second season running in April 2009 . Torres scored his 50th goal for Liverpool on 24 May 2009 against Tottenham on the final day of the 2008 – 09 season , which was his 84th appearance . 
 
 = = = = 2009 – 10 season = = = = 
 
 Following the end of the season , he agreed a new contract with Liverpool , which he signed on 14 August . By signing this contract , Torres had the option of a one @-@ year extension after the contract 's expiration in 2013 . Torres scored two goals in a 3 – 2 win over West Ham United on 19 September 2009 , a result that took Liverpool to third in the Premier League . A week later he scored his first hat @-@ trick of the 2009 – 10 Premier League season in a 6 – 1 victory over Hull City at Anfield . He was named Premier League Player of the Month for September , after scoring five goals during the month and becoming the Premier League 's top goalscorer . On 25 October 2009 , he scored the first goal in a 2 – 0 victory for Liverpool over Manchester United , after which Benítez praised Torres ' performance , saying " We were waiting for that final pass . When it came we knew he would score . " Torres was named in the FIFPro World XI for the second successive season in December 2009 . His stoppage @-@ time winning goal against Aston Villa on 29 December 2009 made him the fastest Liverpool player ever to score 50 league goals . He was substituted on 65 minutes in a 1 – 1 draw with Birmingham City on 4 April 2010 , which Benítez justified by saying Torres was " exhausted " . Torres made his last appearance of the season scoring twice in a 4 – 1 victory over Benfica in the Europa League on 8 April 2010 , and it was announced on 18 April that he would miss the rest of the season to undergo knee surgery . This meant that Torres finished the season with 22 goals in 32 games in all competitions , finishing as Liverpool 's top scorer for the second time . 
 
 = = = = 2010 – 11 season = = = = 
 
 Following Roy Hodgson 's appointment as Liverpool manager he stated that Torres would not be sold by the club , saying " He is not for sale and we don 't welcome any offers for him . We want to keep him . " Hodgson dismissed reports Torres was set to leave Liverpool by saying " He has told us that he is looking forward to Monday , to getting back to work and looking forward to playing for Liverpool next season . That is what I know so other reports , I would suggest , are erroneous . " Torres stated his commitment to Liverpool on 3 August , saying " My commitment and loyalty to the club and to the fans is the same as it was on my first day when I signed . " 
 He made his first appearance of the 2010 – 11 season in the opening game , a 1 – 1 draw with Arsenal on 14 August 2010 , entering the game as a substitute in the 74th minute . He scored his first goal of the season with the winner in a 1 – 0 victory over West Brom on 29 August 2010 , which was his 50th goal at Anfield in all competitions . Torres scored the winning goal in a 2 – 1 victory at home to Blackburn Rovers on 24 October 2010 , which was his first goal since August . He scored his final goals for Liverpool in a 3 – 0 win away at Wolverhampton Wanderers on 22 January 2011 . 
 
 = = = Chelsea = = = 
 
 On 27 January 2011 , Torres was the subject of a £ 40 million bid from Chelsea , which was rejected by Liverpool . He subsequently handed in an official transfer request to Liverpool the next day , which was rejected . Torres completed his move to Chelsea on a five @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ year contract on 31 January 2011 for an undisclosed fee reported to be £ 50 million , which set a new record for a British transfer and made him the sixth most expensive footballer in history . He made his Chelsea debut on 6 February 2011 in a 1 – 0 home defeat to former club Liverpool . On 23 April 2011 , Torres scored his first goal for Chelsea against West Ham United in a 3 – 0 victory , which ended a run of 903 minutes of football without a goal . This was his only goal for Chelsea in the 2010 – 11 season , having made 18 appearances for his new club . 
 
 = = = = 2011 – 12 season = = = = 
 
 Torres got the 2011 – 12 season underway in Chelsea 's 0 – 0 draw away against Stoke City on 14 August 2011 , in which his " link @-@ up play was sharp , plus he was willing to make intelligent runs into space to receive the ball " . He scored his second goal at Chelsea , and his first of the season , on 18 September 2011 , during an away game against Manchester United , which was the side 's only goal in a 3 – 1 defeat . He scored his second goal of the season at home to Swansea City in a 4 – 1 victory . However , 10 minutes after his goal , a two @-@ footed challenge on Mark Gower resulted in his first red card in English football and a three @-@ match domestic suspension . On 19 October 2011 , Torres scored two goals in a 5 – 0 victory against Genk in the Champions League , his first in Europe since the quarter @-@ final of the 2008 – 09 Champions League with his old club Liverpool , against Chelsea . His next Chelsea goals came after scoring twice and also assisting two others against Championship side Leicester City in an FA Cup quarter @-@ final on 18 March 2012 , ending a goal drought that stretched 24 games . On 31 March 2012 , Torres scored his first Premier League goal since 24 September 2011 , against Aston Villa in a 4 – 2 away win . 
 Torres came on as a substitute for Didier Drogba on 24 April 2012 to score a last @-@ minute goal against FC Barcelona in the Champions League semi @-@ final , which gave Chelsea a 2 – 2 draw , and also eliminated Barcelona from the tournament , as Chelsea won 3 – 2 on aggregate . He scored the first hat @-@ trick of his Chelsea career in a 6 – 1 win against Queens Park Rangers at Stamford Bridge on 29 April 2012 . Torres came on in the second half of the 2012 UEFA Champions League Final on 19 May 2012 , directly after Bayern Munich 's opening goal , and following a 1 – 1 draw after extra time Chelsea won the penalty shoot @-@ out 4 – 3 . His first full season at Chelsea finished with 11 goals in 49 games . 
 
 = = = = 2012 – 13 season = = = = 
 
 Torres started the 2012 – 13 season in the 2012 FA Community Shield against Manchester City at Villa Park , where he scored the opening goal , as Chelsea lost 3 – 2 . On 19 August 2012 , he appeared in Chelsea 's first league match in a 2 – 0 away win against Wigan Athletic . Torres scored his first goal of the season in Chelsea 's next match on 22 August 2012 , a 4 – 2 home win against Reading , scoring the third goal to give his side the lead . He also scored against Newcastle United , Arsenal and Norwich City as Chelsea topped the table in the early weeks of the season . 
 Torres was sent off for receiving two yellow cards against Manchester United on 28 October 2012 , the second for diving , leaving Chelsea with nine men after teammate Branislav Ivanović was also sent off ; the team went on to lose 3 – 2 . Torres scored his first goal in the Champions League for the season after deflecting Shakhtar Donetsk goalkeeper Andriy Pyatov 's clearance into goal , as Chelsea needed a 94th @-@ minute winner from Victor Moses to secure a 3 – 2 victory on 7 November 2012 . On 21 November 2012 , Roberto Di Matteo was replaced as Chelsea manager by Rafael Benítez , who had previously coached Torres at Liverpool . It was reported that one reason for Benítez 's appointment was to help Torres return to his best form . 
 Torres ended a goal drought that stretched over 11 hours of game time with two goals in Chelsea 's 6 – 1 defeat of Nordsjælland in the Champions League on 5 December 2012 . Three days later he scored another two goals , ending a run of eight Premier League games without a goal , as Chelsea defeated Sunderland 3 – 1 . He then scored in Chelsea 's 2012 FIFA Club World Cup semi @-@ final 3 – 1 win against Monterrey of the Mexican Liga MX on 13 December 2012 , before playing in the 1 – 0 defeat to Brazilian Série A side Corinthians in the final three days later . 
 On 14 March 2013 , Torres scored the third goal as Chelsea defeated Steaua București 3 – 1 to advance 3 – 2 on aggregate to the quarter @-@ final of the Europa League . With this goal , Torres became the first player to score in seven different competitions in one season . In April 2013 , Torres acknowledged his struggles at Chelsea , saying : " I want to do the things I used to do . I did them at Atlético , I did them at Liverpool , but I am not doing them at Chelsea " , but he vowed to " try his heart out " to regain his best form . He scored twice against Rubin Kazan in the 3 – 1 win in the first leg of the Europa League quarter @-@ final on 4 April 2013 , before scoring again in the second leg 3 – 2 defeat , with Chelsea progressing to the semi @-@ final 5 – 4 on aggregate . Torres scored the opening goal in Chelsea 's 2 – 1 triumph over Benfica in the 2013 UEFA Europa League Final on 15 May 2013 . During the final game of the season , a 2 – 1 home win over Everton , he scored his first league goal of 2013 , and finished the season with 22 goals in 64 games . 
 
 = = = = 2013 – 14 season = = = = 
 
 Torres was selected to start by Chelsea 's new manager José Mourinho against Hull City on the opening day of the 2013 – 14 season , where he won a fifth minute penalty kick . He scored his first goal of the season in the 2013 UEFA Super Cup against Bayern Munich . On 28 September 2013 , he was sent off after receiving two yellow cards in Chelsea 's 1 – 1 Premier League draw with Tottenham Hotspur at White Hart Lane . 
 Torres made his 100th start for Chelsea against Schalke 04 in a Champions League match on 22 October 2013 and marked the occasion by scoring two goals in a 3 – 0 win . His first Premier League goal of the season came on 27 October as he scored the winning goal in the 90th minute over title challengers Manchester City , while also providing the assist for André Schürrle 's opener . 
 
 = = = Milan = = = 
 
 Torres joined Serie A club Milan on a two @-@ year loan on 31 August 2014 . On his arrival he expressed a desire to emulate some of the club 's greatest strikers , stating he wanted , " My shirt to rank alongside [ Marco ] van Basten , [ George ] Weah and [ Filippo ] Inzaghi . " He debuted on 20 September 2014 , replacing Andrea Poli for the last 14 minutes of a 1 – 0 home defeat against Juventus and scored his first Milan goal with a looping header in their 2 – 2 draw with Empoli two days later . 
 
 = = = Return to Atlético Madrid = = = 
 
 On 27 December 2014 , it was announced that Torres ' move to Milan would be made permanent on 5 January 2015 , but two days later he agreed to rejoin La Liga club Atlético Madrid on loan until the end of the 2015 – 16 season . The loan was agreed after Alessio Cerci went the opposite way from Atlético to Milan on the same day ( 5 January 2015 ) . Torres ' unveiling at the Vicente Calderón Stadium on 4 January 2015 drew a crowd of 45 @,@ 000 . He played the first match of his second spell on 7 January 2015 , starting in the first leg of a Copa del Rey last 16 tie against Real Madrid . He had no shots on target and was replaced by Koke after 59 minutes , but Atlético won 2 – 0 . Eight days later in the second leg , he scored two goals — in the first minute of each half — as Atlético advanced , his first goals in an away Madrid derby . Torres scored in the first minute again in the quarter @-@ finals , albeit in a 2 – 3 home defeat against Barcelona . 
 On 17 March , Torres scored the winning kick in Atlético 's 3 – 2 penalty shoot @-@ out defeat of Bayer Leverkusen in the second leg of the teams ' Champions League round of 16 tie . On 21 March , he scored his first La Liga goal since his return in the third minute of a 2 – 0 win against Getafe CF . 
 After the departure of Mario Mandžukić , Torres changed his shirt number from 19 back to his usual 9 and is wearing it in the 2015 – 16 season . 
 On 6 February 2016 , Torres scored his 100th goal with Atlético Madrid in a 3 – 1 home league victory against SD Eibar on his 295th appearance for the club . The following month he marked the occasion of his 300th appearance for Atlético Madrid by scoring the winning goal in a 3 – 1 victory over Valencia . 
 On 5 April 2016 , Torres scored the opening goal of Atlético 's UEFA Champions League quarter @-@ final with FC Barcelona at Camp Nou , before being sent off ten minutes later in an eventual 2 – 1 loss . 
 On 5 July 2016 , Torres extended his contract to a permanent contract for one year with Atlético Madrid . 
 
 = = International career = = 
 
 In February 2001 , Torres won the Algarve Tournament with the Spain national under @-@ 16 team . The under @-@ 16s took part in the 2001 UEFA European Under @-@ 16 Championship in May , which they also won , with Torres scoring the only goal in the Final , as well as finishing as the tournament 's leading scorer , and was also named the player of the tournament . In September 2001 , Torres represented the under @-@ 17 team at the 2001 FIFA U @-@ 17 World Championship , but the team failed to progress through the group stage . In July 2002 , he won the 2002 UEFA European Under @-@ 19 Championship with the under @-@ 19 team and was again the only goalscorer in the Final . Also , he finished as top scorer and was named player of the tournament . 
 Torres made his debut for the senior team on 6 September 2003 in a friendly against Portugal . His first goal for Spain came against Italy on 28 April 2004 . He was selected for the Spanish squad for UEFA Euro 2004 . After appearing as a late substitute in Spain 's first two group games , he started for the deciding game against Portugal . Spain were losing 1 – 0 and , towards the end of the game , he hit the post . 
 He scored seven goals in 11 appearances in qualifying for the 2006 FIFA World Cup , making him Spain 's top scorer for qualification , including a vital two goals against Belgium and his first international hat @-@ trick against San Marino . At his first ever appearance in a FIFA World Cup finals at the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany , Torres scored the final goal in a 4 – 0 victory over Ukraine with a volley . In the second group match , Torres scored twice against Tunisia , first in the 76th minute to take Spain 2 – 1 into the lead , and then again from a penalty kick in the 90th . With three goals , he finished the tournament as Spain 's top scorer along with fellow striker David Villa . 
 He was called up for Spain 's UEFA Euro 2008 squad , where he set up Villa to score Spain 's first goal of the tournament in the first game in the group stage against Russia . Torres came under criticism for apparently refusing to shake the hand of Spanish manager , Luis Aragonés , after being substituted . He subsequently denied being angry with the coaching , saying that he was actually " irritated with himself " . He scored his first goal of the tournament in Spain 's next game , a 2 – 1 win over Sweden . Torres scored the winner and was named the man of the match in the final against Germany in a 1 – 0 victory . He said " It 's just a dream come true . This is my first title and I hope it 's the first of many . Victory in a Euro , it is almost as big as a World Cup . We are used to watching finals on television , but today we were here and we won . My job is to score goals . I want to win more titles and be the most important player in Europe and the world . " He was later named as a striker along with his striking partner Villa in the Team of the Tournament . 
 Torres made his 60th appearance for Spain in a 2010 FIFA World Cup qualification victory over Turkey on 28 March 2009 , becoming the youngest player to reach this milestone . 
 He was named in Spain 's team for the 2009 FIFA Confederations Cup in June . He scored his second hat @-@ trick for Spain after 17 minutes into a Confederations Cup game against New Zealand on 14 June , thus recording the fastest hat @-@ trick by a player for Spain . He played for Spain as they were defeated 2 – 0 by the United States in the semi @-@ final , as well as the third @-@ place play @-@ off , which Spain won 3 – 2 against South Africa after extra time . 
 Having undergone knee surgery on 18 April 2010 , and missed the end of the Premier League season , Torres ' rehabilitation and fitness was closely monitored by Spain manager Vicente del Bosque . Although still out injured , Torres was selected for Spain 's 2010 FIFA World Cup squad in May . On 8 June , Torres made his first appearance on the field in exactly two months , coming on as a substitute on 66 minutes against Poland in a pre @-@ World Cup friendly . 
 He came on as a substitute on 61 minutes in Spain 's opening World Cup game on 16 June , a 1 – 0 defeat to Switzerland . He started the next two games against Honduras and Chile and although his performances in the group stage were described as below @-@ par , he received backing from manager Vicente del Bosque . Torres came on as a substitute on 105 minutes in the final as Spain won the FIFA World Cup for the first time following a 1 – 0 victory over the Netherlands on 11 July 2010 . 
 Torres was selected in Del Bosque 's UEFA Euro 2012 squad . In his first start of the tournament he netted two goals as Spain defeated the Republic of Ireland 4 – 0 to knock them out of the tournament . In the UEFA Euro 2012 Final , Torres came on as a substitute against Italy , scoring one goal and assisting another , as Spain won a second consecutive European Championship with a 4 – 0 victory . This secured him the Golden Boot for the tournament with three goals and one assist , having played fewer minutes than Mario Gómez , who also had three goals and one assist . 
 Torres won his 100th cap against Saudi Arabia on 7 September 2012 , making him the sixth highest capped player for Spain , and started the game as captain in Iker Casillas ' absence . He became the first person in history to score four goals in one game in a FIFA Confederations Cup match during a 10 – 0 win over Tahiti on 20 June 2013 in the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup . Torres also became the first player to score two hat @-@ tricks in the FIFA Confederations Cup , and with five goals and one assist won the tournament 's Golden Shoe , ahead of Fred having played fewer minutes . 
 In his first international for 11 months , Torres scored a penalty in a World Cup warm @-@ up match against Bolivia on 30 May 2014 . The day after , he was named in Spain 's final squad for the tournament , ahead of Álvaro Negredo and Fernando Llorente . After substitute appearances in the team 's opening two matches , Torres was named in the starting line @-@ up for the third group match with the team 's elimination already confirmed . He scored Spain 's second goal in a 3 – 0 defeat of Australia in Curitiba . 
 
 = = Style of play = = 
 
 Torres has been described as having " an eye for the spectacular and is capable of world @-@ class skill " and being a " technically proficient , highly successful striker " . He has the ability to find himself in goalscoring positions , using his pace and vision to get in behind defenders . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 Torres ' parents are José Torres and Flori Sanz . He has two older siblings , Israel ( born 1977 ) and María Paz ( born 1976 ) . He married Olalla Domínguez Liste on 27 May 2009 in a private ceremony with just two witnesses at the local town hall in El Escorial , Madrid . They had been a couple since 2001 and are thought to have met in the Galician seaside town of Estorde , Cee , where Torres would go on family holidays each year to escape the Spanish capital . The couple have two children , a daughter , Nora , born on 8 July 2009 at the Hospital La Rosaleda , in Santiago de Compostela , Galicia , and a son , Leo , born on 6 December 2010 at Liverpool Women 's Hospital , with Torres missing the fixture against Aston Villa at Anfield . 
 In 2009 , it was reported that Torres had amassed a personal fortune of £ 14 million . He features in the video for " Ya nada volverá a ser como antes " by Spanish pop rock group El Canto del Loco , whose singer , Dani Martín , shares a strong friendship with the footballer . He makes a cameo appearance in the 2005 comedy film Torrente 3 : El protector . In 2009 , he released an autobiography entitled Torres : El Niño : My Story . Torres is a keen admirer of the works of J. R. R. Tolkien and has a tattoo reading " Fernando " in Tengwar on his left forearm . 
 
 = = Career statistics = = 
 
 
 = = = Club = = = 
 
 As of match played 28 May 2016 . 
 
 = = = International = = = 
 
 As of match played 23 June 2014 . 
 
 = = Honours = = 
 
 
 = = = Club = = = 
 
 Atlético Madrid 
 Segunda División : 2001 – 02 
 Chelsea 
 FA Cup : 2011 – 12 
 UEFA Champions League : 2011 – 12 
 UEFA Europa League : 2012 – 13 
 
 = = = International = = = 
 
 Spain U16 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 16 Championship : 2001 
 Spain U19 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 19 Championship : 2002 
 Spain 
 UEFA European Championship : 2008 , 2012 
 FIFA World Cup : 2010 
 FIFA Confederations Cup : Third place 2009 , Runner @-@ up 2013 
 
 = = = Individual = = = 
 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 16 Championship Player of the Tournament : 2001 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 16 Championship top scorer : 2001 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 19 Championship Player of the Tournament : 2002 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 19 Championship top scorer : 2002 
 Premier League PFA Team of the Year : 2007 – 08 , 2008 – 09 
 Premier League Player of the Month : February 2008 , September 2009 
 Premier League Goal of the Month : April 2009 @,@  
 UEFA Euro 2008 Final : Man of the Match 
 UEFA Euro Team of the Tournament : 2008 
 UEFA Team of the Year : 2008 
 FIFA FIFPro World XI : 2008 , 2009 
 ESM Team of the Year : 2007 – 08 
 FIFA World Player of the Year third place : 2008 
 Ballon d 'Or third place : 2008 
 FIFA Confederations Cup Silver Shoe : 2009 
 Marca Leyenda award : 2012 
 UEFA Euro Golden Boot : 2012 
 FIFA Confederations Cup Golden Shoe : 2013 
 Decorations 
 Prince of Asturias Award for Sports : 2010 
 Gold Medal of the Royal Order of Sports Merit : 2011 
 
 
 = Mark Stockwell = 
 
 Mark William Stockwell ( born 5 July 1963 ) is an Australian former competition swimmer and three @-@ time Olympic medallist . Stockwell is a Queensland native who specialised in freestyle sprint events , and had a successful international swimming career during the mid @-@ 1980s , including the Olympics , Pan Pacific Championships , and Commonwealth Games . Following his retirement from competitive swimming , he has become a successful business executive and has been active in the administration of national sports organisations in Australia . 
 
 = = Early years and education = = 
 
 Stockwell was born and raised in Brisbane , Queensland , the son of Bill and Necia Stockwell . He is a 1980 graduate of St Laurence 's College , a Roman Catholic boys ' high school in Brisbane . Stockwell was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder from 1982 to 1984 , and again in 1987 . He undertook commerce and engineering studies at the University of Queensland , and economics coursework at the Australian National University . He also attended the University of Florida in the United States . 
 
 = = Swimming career = = 
 
 Stockwell won three medals at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles . In the men 's 100 @-@ metre freestyle , Stockwell finished in 50 @.@ 24 seconds and claimed a silver medal behind American swimmer Rowdy Gaines ' Olympic record time of 49 @.@ 80 seconds . The outcome was controversial , however , because of a premature starter gun and a quick start by Gaines . Gaines ' coach , Richard Quick , knew of starter Frank Silvestri 's tendency to fire the starter gun almost immediately when the competitors mounted the blocks . Gaines gained about a metre 's head start on the competition ; he held Stockwell off to claim the gold medal . Video of the event confirmed that Stockwell had not been set when the starter pulled the trigger . Stockwell and the Australian Olympic Federation lodged an official protest , but it was denied . 
 Stockwell , along with teammates Greg Fasala , Neil Brooks and Michael Delany , won another silver medal in the men 's 4 × 100 @-@ metre freestyle relay , finishing in 3 : 19 @.@ 68 – just 0 @.@ 63 of a second behind the Americans ' new world record of 3 : 19 @.@ 05 . He also teamed up with Mark Kerry ( backstroke ) , Peter Evans ( breaststroke ) , and Glenn Buchanan ( butterfly ) , swimming the freestyle anchor leg to win the bronze medal in the 4 × 100 @-@ metre medley relay ( 3 : 43 @.@ 25 ) behind the Americans ( 3 : 39 @.@ 30 ) and Canadians ( 3 : 43 @.@ 25 ) . He and his freestyle relay teammates were dubbed the " Mean Machine " by the Australian media . Stockwell was the only Australian athlete to win three Olympic medals in 1984 . 
 After the Olympics , Stockwell attended the University of Florida in Gainesville , Florida , United States , where he swam for coach Randy Reese 's Florida Gators swimming and diving team in National Collegiate Athletic Association ( NCAA ) and Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) competition during the 1984 – 85 school year . He won three SEC titles ( 50- and 100 @-@ yard freestyle , 400 @-@ yard freestyle relay ) , and received All @-@ American honours in the same three events . While attending the university , he dated his future wife , Tracy Caulkins , who was also a Florida Gators swimmer . He and Caulkins had met in the warm @-@ up pool at the 1984 Olympics . 
 He followed his Olympic performance with a bronze medal for his third @-@ place finish in the 50 @-@ metre freestyle ( 23 @.@ 44 ) , and a fourth in the 100 @-@ metre freestyle ( 51 @.@ 64 ) at the 1985 Pan Pacific Championships in Tokyo . By the time the 1986 Commonwealth Games were held in Edinburgh , Stockwell had fallen back from his Olympic times in Los Angeles . He claimed a gold medal with his Australian teammates Fasala , Matthew Renshaw and Neil Brooks in the 4 × 100 @-@ metre relay ( 3 : 21 @.@ 58 ) , and finished seventh in the 100 @-@ metre freestyle ( 51 @.@ 61 ) . He retired from competitive swimming in 1986 . In December 1989 , The Age newspaper recognized Stockwell as one of the three best Australian swimmers of the 1980s . 
 
 = = Life after swimming = = 
 
 Stockwell married American competition swimmer Tracy Caulkins , a three @-@ time Olympic gold medallist , in her hometown of Nashville , Tennessee in 1991 . He lives in Brisbane , with his wife and their five children . He received an Australian Sports Medal for his swimming achievements in 2000 . Stockwell was inducted into the Queensland Sport Hall of Fame in 2009 . 
 He is the managing director of the family @-@ owned property development , investment and management firm , W. A. Stockwell Pty Ltd , based in Queensland . He and his brother @-@ in @-@ law Mike Kelso are co @-@ owners of the company that was established as a construction firm by his parents more than sixty years ago . The firm has had successful development ventures in residential , leisure , retail , commercial and industrial property , and has undertaken a phased AU $ 350 million residential development in Brisbane 's West End . He and his family members were included among the 14 new entries on the 2014 " Rich List , " with a combined estimated net worth of AU $ 101 million . 
 He serves on the board of directors of the Australian Sports Commission , and is the deputy chairman of the board . He is also the chairman of the Australian Sports Foundation , a non @-@ profit company that raises money for Australian sport projects . He previously served as the chairman of the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games Organising Committee , having led the committee through its successful application process , but was sacked by Campbell Newman . He is the chairman of Trade and Investment Queensland , the Queensland state government 's foreign investment and export program , and a past president of the Queensland division of the Property Council of Australia , and previously served on its national board . 
 Stockwell is the past chairman and a trustee of the St Laurence 's Old Boys ' Foundation , which funds need @-@ based scholarships for boys whose families cannot otherwise afford the tuition and fees at his high school , St Laurence 's College . He is a Trustee of the Stockwell Foundation , a charitable organisation established by him and his wife to benefit at @-@ risk children . 
 
 
 = Dota 2 = 
 
 Dota 2 is a free @-@ to @-@ play multiplayer online battle arena ( MOBA ) video game developed and published by Valve Corporation . The game is the stand @-@ alone sequel to Defense of the Ancients ( DotA ) , a mod for the 2002 video game Warcraft III : Reign of Chaos and its expansion pack , The Frozen Throne . Dota 2 was released for Microsoft Windows , OS X , and Linux in July 2013 , following a Windows @-@ only public beta testing phase that began in 2011 . Dota 2 is one of the most actively played games on Steam , with peaks of over a million concurrent players , and was praised by critics for its gameplay , production quality , and faithfulness to its predecessor , despite being criticized for its steep learning curve . 
 Dota 2 is played in matches between two five @-@ player teams , each of which occupies a base in a corner of the playing field . Each player controls one of 111 playable characters , called " heroes " , that feature unique abilities and styles of play . During a match , the player collects gold , items , and experience points for their hero , while fighting heroes of the opposite team . A team wins by being the first to destroy the other side 's " Ancient " building , located within the opposing base . 
 Development of Dota 2 began in 2009 when IceFrog , lead designer of the original Defense of the Ancients mod , was hired by Valve for the same role . Dota 2 initially used the original Source game engine until it was ported over to Source 2 in September 2015 , making it the first game to use it . The game also allows for the community to create custom game modes , maps , and cosmetics for the heroes , which are then uploaded to the Steam Workshop . The popularity of Dota 2 has led to official merchandise being produced for it , including apparel , accessories , toys , and promotional tie @-@ ins to other games and media . 
 Dota 2 has a widespread and active eSports scene , with teams from across the world playing in various leagues and tournaments . Premium Dota 2 tournaments often have prize pools totaling millions of dollars , the highest of any eSport . The largest of them is known as The International , which is hosted by Valve and takes place annually at the KeyArena in Seattle . Starting in 2015 , Valve also began sponsoring smaller , but seasonally held tournaments known as the Majors , the first of which was held in Frankfurt , Germany . Dedicated media coverage of professional tournaments are broadcast live on the internet , and sometimes on television networks , with peak viewership numbers in the millions . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 Dota 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena ( MOBA ) video game set in a three @-@ dimensional ( 3D ) graphical environment , presented from a high @-@ angle perspective . Two five @-@ player teams , referred to as the Radiant and Dire , compete in matches on a single asymmetrical playing field . Each player commands one of the 111 characters , called " heroes " , which each feature unique abilities , design , and styles of play . At the start of a match , each hero has an experience level of one . During the game , they level up and become more powerful by accumulating experience points through combat . Whenever a hero gains a level , the player is able to unlock a new ability for them , improve one already learned , or increase their base attributes . Each hero 's method of combat is influenced by its primary attribute : strength , intelligence , agility , which also affects the hero 's health points ( HP ) , mana points ( MP ) , and attack speed , respectively . If a hero runs out of health points and dies , a timer begins to count down until they are able to respawn and get back into the game . A hero also loses a portion of their unspent gold each time they die . 
 The Radiant and Dire occupy bases in opposite corners of the playing field , divided by a crossable river . Within each base is a critical building called the " Ancient " , along with a fountain that respawns and heals that side 's heroes . A match ends when one side breaches the enemy team 's base and destroys the Ancient within . The two bases are connected by three paths , referred to as " lanes " , which are guarded by defensive towers and computer @-@ controlled creatures called " creeps " . These creatures periodically spawn in groups and travel along the lanes to attack any enemy heroes , creeps , and buildings in sight . Creeps spawn from two buildings , called the " barracks " , that exist in each lane and are located in the base . Destroying all six of the enemy team 's barracks allows for stronger creeps for the attacking side to spawn with significantly enhanced health and damage , known as " mega creeps " . Also present are " neutral creeps " that are hostile to both Radiant and Dire side , and reside in marked locations on the map known as " camps " . Camps are located in the area between the lanes known as the " jungle " , which both sides of the map have . Neutral creeps do not attack unless provoked , and will respawn if killed . The most powerful neutral creep is named " Roshan " , who is a unique boss that may be killed by either side to obtain an item that allows a one @-@ time resurrection by the hero that holds it . Roshan will respawn between 8 – 11 minutes after being killed , and becomes progressively harder to kill as the match continues over time . 
 Gold is primarily obtained by killing enemy heroes , destroying enemy structures , and killing creeps , the latter act being called " farming " . Only the hero that lands the killing blow on a creep obtains gold from it , an act called " last hitting " , but all nearby allies receive gold when an enemy hero dies . Players are also able to " deny " allied units and structures by destroying them , which then prevents their opponents from getting full experience . Gold is then spent on items that provide unique active and passive abilities , in addition to attribute enhancements to their wearer , depending on the item . The player also receives a small , continuous stream of gold over the course of a match . 
 Dota 2 often features seasonal events that present players with themed game modes , which do not follow the game 's standard rules , including the Halloween @-@ themed Diretide event , the Christmas @-@ themed Frostivus event , and the New Bloom Festival , which celebrated the coming of spring . In October 2015 , a Halloween @-@ themed " capture point " game mode was released , titled " Colosseum " . The move to the Source 2 engine in 2015 also saw the addition of community @-@ created custom game modes , with the more popular ones having dedicated server hosting by Valve . In March 2016 , Valve introduced the " Custom Game Pass " option to custom game modes , which allows content creators to add exclusive features , content , and other changes to their game mode , for a fee . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 The Dota series began in 2003 with Defense of the Ancients ( DotA ) — a mod for Blizzard Entertainment 's Warcraft III : Reign of Chaos — created by the pseudonymous designer " Eul " . An expansion pack for Warcraft III , entitled The Frozen Throne , was released later that year ; and a series of Defense of the Ancients clone mods for the new game competed for popularity . DotA : Allstars by Steve Feak was the most successful , and Feak , with his friend Steve Mescon , created the official Defense of the Ancients community website and the holding company DotA @-@ Allstars , LLC . When Feak retired from DotA : Allstars in 2005 , a friend , under the pseudonym " IceFrog " , became its lead designer . The popularity of Defense of the Ancients increased significantly : it became one of the most popular mods in the world , and , by 2008 , a prominent eSports title . IceFrog and Mescon later had a falling out in May 2009 , which prompted the former to establish a new community website at playdota.com. 
 Valve 's interest in the Defense of the Ancients property began when several veteran employees , including Team Fortress designer Robin Walker , became fans of the mod and attempted to play it competitively . The company corresponded with IceFrog by email about his long @-@ term plans for the project , which culminated with his being hired to direct a sequel . IceFrog first announced his new position through his blog in October 2009 , and Dota 2 was unveiled by Game Informer on October 13 , 2010 . The resultant surge of traffic crashed Game Informer 's servers . 
 Valve adopted the word " Dota " , derived from the original mod 's acronym , as the name for its newly acquired franchise . Producer Erik Johnson argued that the word referred to a concept , and was not an acronym . Shortly after the announcement of Dota 2 , Valve filed a trademark claim to the Dota name . At Gamescom 2011 , company head Gabe Newell explained that the trademark was needed to develop a sequel with the already @-@ identifiable brand . Holding the Dota name to be a community asset , Feak and Mescon filed an opposing trademark for " DOTA " on behalf of DotA @-@ Allstars , LLC ( then a subsidiary of Riot Games ) in August 2010 . Rob Pardo , the executive vice president of Blizzard Entertainment , similarly stated that the DotA name belonged to the mod 's community . Blizzard acquired DotA @-@ Allstars , LLC from Riot Games and filed an opposition against Valve in November 2011 , citing Blizzard 's ownership of both the Warcraft III World Editor and DotA @-@ Allstars , LLC as proper claims to the franchise . The dispute was settled in May 2012 : Valve retained commercial franchising rights to the " Dota " brand , but non @-@ commercial use of the name by third @-@ parties was allowed . 
 An early goal of the Dota 2 team was the adaptation of DotA 's aesthetic style for the Source engine . The Radiant and Dire factions replaced the Sentinel and Scourge from the mod , respectively . The appearances of each side 's heroes were adjusted to be more individualized , with less traits specific to either faction . Character names , abilities , items and map design from Defense of the Ancients were largely retained , with some changes due to copyright issues . In the first Q & A session regarding Dota 2 , IceFrog explained that the game would build upon the mod without making significant changes to its core . Valve contracted major contributors from the Defense of the Ancients community , including Eul and artist Kendrick Lim , to assist with the sequel . Additional contributions from sources outside of Valve were also sought regularly for Dota 2 , as to continue Defense of the Ancients 's tradition of community @-@ sourced development . One of the composers of Warcraft III : Reign of Chaos , Jason Hayes , was hired to collaborate with Tim Larkin in the creation of the soundtrack . Valve had Half @-@ Life series writer Marc Laidlaw , science fiction author Ted Kosmatka , and Steam support employee Kris Katz write new dialog and background lore for the heroes . In addition to that , Valve also had all of the heroes ' voice acting completely redone . Notable voice actors for the English version include Nolan North , Dave Fennoy , Jon St. John , Ellen McLain , Fred Tatasciore , Merle Dandridge , Jen Taylor , and John Patrick Lowrie , among various others . 
 The Source engine itself was updated with new features to accommodate Dota 2 , such as high @-@ end cloth modeling and improved global lighting . The game features Steam integration , which provides its social component and Cloud storage for personal settings . In November 2013 , Valve introduced a coaching system , which allows experienced players to tutor newer players with special in @-@ game tools . As with previous Valve multiplayer titles , players are able to spectate live matches of Dota 2 played by others , and local area network ( LAN ) multiplayer support allows for local competitions . Some of these events may be spectated via the purchase of tickets from the " Dota Store " , which give players in @-@ game access to both live and completed matches . Ticket fees are apportioned in part to tournament organizers . In an upcoming update , Dota 2 will support spectating a game in virtual reality ( VR ) , powered by SteamVR . 
 Dota 2 includes a matchmaking system , which is measured by a numerical value known as " matchmaking rating " ( MMR ) . MMR is updated based on if a player 's team won or lost , which will then increase or decrease , respectively . The game 's servers , known as the " Game Coordinator " , attempts to balance both teams based on each player 's MMR , with each team having roughly a 50 % chance to win in any given game . Ranked game modes with a separately tracked MMR also exist , which differ from unranked games by making MMR publicly visible , encouraging players who want to play in a more competitive environment , among other changes . The game also includes a report system , which allows for players to discourage and punish player behavior that intentionally provides a negative experience . Other features include an improved replay system from Defense of the Ancients , in which a completed game can be downloaded in @-@ client and viewed at a later time , and the " hero builds " feature , which provide integrated guides created by the community that highlight to the player on what items should be bought on their hero , and which abilities to level up . 
 As part of a plan to develop Dota 2 into a social network , Newell announced in April 2012 that the game would be free @-@ to @-@ play , and that community contributions would be a cornerstone feature . That June , the Dota 2 team confirmed that the full roster of heroes and items would remain available without charge . Instead , revenue is generated through the Dota Store , which offers for @-@ purchase exclusively cosmetic virtual goods , including custom clothing and weapons for their heroes , along with music packs by notable artists such as electronic music artist deadmau5 , Taiwanese songwriter JJ Lin , and video game composers Chance Thomas , Jeremy Soule , and Lennie Moore . Until the game 's official release in 2013 , players were able to purchase an early access bundle , which included a digital copy of Dota 2 and several cosmetic items . Included as optional downloadable content ( DLC ) , the Dota 2 Workshop Tools are a set of Source 2 software development kit ( SDK ) tools that allow content creators to create new cosmetics for the heroes themselves , as well as custom game modes and maps . Highly rated cosmetics , through the Steam Workshop , are available in the in @-@ game store if they are accepted by Valve . This model was fashioned after that of Valve 's Team Fortress 2 , which had earned Workshop designers of cosmetic items of that game over $ 3 @.@ 5 million by June 2011 . In January 2014 , Newell revealed that the average Steam Workshop contributor for Dota 2 and Team Fortess 2 made approximately $ 15 @,@ 000 from their creations the previous year . In 2015 , sales of Dota 2 cosmetics had earned Valve over $ 238 million in revenue , according to the digital game market research group SuperData . 
 Valve documented the lives and stories of three professional players at the first International , Singaporean Benedict " hyhy " Lim , Ukrainian Danil " Dendi " Ishutin , and American Clinton " Fear " Loomis . In August 2012 , GameTrailers announced that Valve was developing this material into a documentary film . Throughout June 2013 , Valve conducted private screenings of the film with small groups outside the company . When an invitation was leaked by Kotaku , Valve 's vice president of marketing , Doug Lombardi , confirmed that the documentary was in development and revealed its name as Free to Play . The documentary was released on March 19 , 2014 , and was distributed for free through outlets including Steam , iTunes , and YouTube . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 After being tested extensively by Valve , Dota 2 was first unveiled to the public at the inaugural International event , the game 's premier eSport tournament , at Gamescom in 2011 . To coincide with the event , Valve began sending out closed beta invitations ; the first few invites were sent out shortly after Gamescom . During the event , Newell speculated that Dota 2 would likely ship in 2012 , despite original plans for a full release in late 2011 . In September 2011 , Valve scrapped its previous development and release plans , which would have kept the game in its closed beta phase for over a year . The new plans , which IceFrog revealed via an online announcement , were to begin beta testing as soon as possible and to implement the remaining heroes afterward . Simultaneously , Valve announced that the non @-@ disclosure agreement for the beta was being lifted , allowing testers to discuss the game and their experiences publicly . After nearly two years of beta testing , Dota 2 was officially released on Steam for Microsoft Windows on July 9 , 2013 , and later for OS X and Linux on July 18 , 2013 . Two months following the game 's release , Newell claimed that updates to Dota 2 generated up to three percent of global internet traffic . In December 2013 , the final restrictions against unlimited global access to Dota 2 were lifted after the game 's infrastructure and servers were substantially bolstered . In March 2016 , a large update fixed many long @-@ standing bugs and issues with the game , while also adding many community requested features . 
 In order to abide by the standards set by the economic legislation of specific countries , Valve opted to contract with nationally @-@ based developers for publishing . In October 2012 , the leading Beijing @-@ based video game publisher , Perfect World , announced the acquisition of the exclusive rights of Dota 2 in China . The Chinese version also has a region @-@ specific " Low Violence " mode , which censors and changes most depictions of blood , gore , and skulls in order for the game to follow censorship policies of the country . In November 2012 , a similar publishing deal was made with the Tokyo @-@ based company Nexon to distribute and market the game in South Korea and Japan . In November 2015 , Nexon announced they would no longer be operating servers for Dota 2 , allowing Valve to take over direct distribution and marketing of the game those regions . 
 Tie @-@ ins to other video games and media have also been added to Dota 2 since release , including custom Half @-@ Life 2 , Bastion , Portal , Trine , The Stanley Parable , Rick and Morty , and Fallout 4 announcer packs , which replace the game 's default announcer with themed ones based on those series . To coincide with the Windows release of Final Fantasy Type @-@ 0 HD in August 2015 , a bundle containing a custom loading screen , a Moogle ward , and a Chocobo courier was added the same month . In April 2016 , Valve announced a cross @-@ promotional workshop contest for Sega 's Total War : Warhammer . 
 
 = = = Transition to Source 2 = = = 
 
 In June 2015 , Valve announced that the entirety of Dota 2 would be ported over to the Source 2 game engine in an update called Dota 2 Reborn . The beta was released to the public in June 2015 . On September 9 , 2015 , Reborn was officially released out of beta , which included a new user interface framework design , ability for custom game modes created by the community , and the full replacement of the original Source engine with Source 2 , making Dota 2 the first game to use it . Largely attributed to technical difficulties players experienced with the update , the global player base experienced a sharp drop of approximately sixteen percent the month following the release of Reborn . However , after various updates and patches , over a million concurrent players were playing again in January 2016 , with that being the largest amount of users since March 2015 . The move to Source 2 also allowed the use of the Vulkan graphics API , which was released as an opt @-@ in feature in May 2016 , becoming one of the first games to offer it . 
 
 = = Professional competition = = 
 
 To ensure that enough Defense of the Ancients players would take up Dota 2 and to showcase the game 's capabilities , Valve sponsored sixteen accomplished Defense of the Ancients teams to compete at The International , a Dota 2 specific eSports tournament , for a $ 1 million prize in 2011 . The International became an annual championship tournament in 2012 , with the venue changing to Seattle , Washington . In its third year , The International allowed crowdfunding to add to its prize pool through an interactive , in @-@ game item called a " compendium " . Compendiums , which are optional and must be purchased separately , allow players who buy them to directly raise prize money for The International by spending money on unique compendium cosmetics and other in @-@ game items , with 25 % of all the revenue made going directly to the prize pool . Sales from the 2013 compendium helped raise over $ 2 @.@ 8 million , making The International 2013 reclaim its previous title as having the largest prize pool in eSports history from the League of Legends Season 2 World Championship . Since then , each annual tournament of The International has broken the previous one 's prize pool record , with the fourth iteration of the tournament raising over $ 10 @.@ 9 million , exceeding the prizes pools of the Super Bowl , Masters Tournament , and Tour de France . At The International 2015 , the prize pool exceeded $ 18 @.@ 4 million , earning the champion team , Evil Geniuses , over $ 6 million . 
 Following the inaugural event of The International , several other eSport events began to transition from Defense of the Ancients to Dota 2 , including the Electronic Sports World Cup . DreamHack would also support Dota 2 in 2011 , following a year without support for the original , on account of the other multiplayer online battle arena titles , Heroes of Newerth and League of Legends . By the end of its first year in its beta phase , Dota 2 was one of the highest @-@ paying eSport titles of 2011 , second only to StarCraft II . In 2012 , Dota 2 began as an official title for the World Cyber Games annual event at World Cyber Games 2012 . The Electronic Sports League ( ESL ) began a seasonal tournament for Dota 2 called the RaidCall EMS One in 2013 , which was the largest independent tournament for Dota 2 by the beginning of 2013 . Beginning in September 2013 , the Association for Chinese eSports began a league , called the WPC ACE Dota 2 League , which had the largest third @-@ party prize pool in Dota 2 eSports history at the time . At Electronic Entertainment Expo 2013 , Nexon announced the investment of two billion South Korean won , ( approximately $ 1 @.@ 7 million ) , into amateur and professional leagues in South Korea for 2013 , to coincide with the launch of their distribution agreement in the fall of that year . Modeled after the interactive compendium for The International , Valve introduced a compendium third @-@ party tournament organizers could sell , beginning with the ASUS ROG DreamLeague in February 2014 . In February 2015 , the Valve @-@ sponsored Dota 2 Asia Championships was held in Shanghai with a prize pool of over $ 3 million , raised through compendium sales . 
 In total , professional Dota 2 tournaments had earned teams and players nearly $ 65 million dollars in prize money by June 2016 , which was more than twice the amount of League of Legends tournaments , making it the highest earning eSport game at the time . 
 
 = = = Majors = = = 
 
 Starting in 2015 , Valve began sponsoring smaller , but seasonally held tournaments with a fixed $ 3 million prize pool , known as the Dota Major Championships . The format for the tournaments are based on the series of the same name that Valve also sponsors for their first @-@ person shooter game , Counter @-@ Strike : Global Offensive . The first of which , hosted and produced by ESL , was the Frankfurt Major held from November 13 – 21 , 2015 , at the Festhalle Frankfurt in Frankfurt , Germany , and was won by OG . The next Major was hosted and produced by Perfect World , and was held at the Mercedes @-@ Benz Arena in Shanghai from March 2 – 6 , 2016 , and was won by Team Secret . The third and final Major of the 2015 – 2016 season was hosted and produced by PGL , and was held at the Mall of Asia Arena in Manila from June 7 – 12 , 2016 . The tournament was won by OG , becoming the first team to repeat as champions of a Dota 2 Major . 
 After the introduction of the Majors , The International championship was then considered to be the cumulative " Summer Major " , with the 2016 iteration being the first one under the new format . The International 2016 also broke the record for the highest prize pool in eSports history , surpassing the record that The International 2015 had set the previous year . 
 
 = = = Media coverage = = = 
 
 The primary medium for professional Dota 2 coverage is through the video game live streaming platform , Twitch.tv. For most major events , tournament coverage is done by a selection of eSports organizations and personnel who provide on @-@ site commentary , analysis , and player interviews surrounding the event in progress , similar to traditional sports . Live Dota 2 games and coverage have also been broadcast on television networks around the world , such as ESPN in the United States , Sport1 in Germany , TV 2 Zulu in Denmark , Xinwen Lianbo in China , Astro in Malaysia , and TV5 in the Philippines . 
 
 = = Reception and legacy = = 
 
 Dota 2 received universal acclaim , according to video game review aggregator Metacritic . PC Gamer previewed the game in September 2012 , stating the game was " an unbelievably deep and complex game that offers the purest sequel to the original Defense of the Anicents . Rewarding like few others , but tough " , giving it a rating of 85 / 100 . Adam Biessener , the editor who authored the announcement article for Dota 2 for Game Informer in 2010 , praised Valve for maintaining the same mechanics and game balance that made Defense of the Ancients successful nearly a decade prior and Quintin Smith of Eurogamer described Dota 2 as the " supreme form of the MOBA which everyone else working in the genre is trying to capture like lightning in a bottle " . The most frequently praised aspects of the game were its depth , delivery , and overall balance . Chris Thursten of PC Gamer described the gameplay as being " deep and rewarding " . Martin Gaston of GameSpot complimented Valve for the delivery and artistic design of Dota 2 , citing the execution of the user interface design , voice acting and characterization as exceeding those of the game 's competitors . Phill Cameron of IGN praised Dota 2 for its freely @-@ available game balance that was not affected by cosmetic items . 
 While the majority of reviewers gave Dota 2 highly positive reviews , a common criticism was that the game maintains a steep learning curve that requires exceptional commitment to overcome . While providing a moderately positive review that praised Valve 's product stability , Fredrik Åslund from the Swedish division of Gamereactor described his first match of Dota 2 as one of the most humiliating and inhospitable experiences of his gaming career , citing the learning curve and players ' attitudes as unwelcoming . Benjamin Danneberg of GameStar alluded to the learning curve as a " learning cliff " , calling the newcomer 's experience to be painful , with the tutorial feature new to the Dota franchise only being partially successful . In a review for the Metro newspaper , Dota 2 was criticized for not compensating for the flaws with the learning curve from Defense of the Ancients , as well as the sometimes hostile community , as is often the case for multiplayer online battle arena games . 
 Peter Bright of Ars Technica directed criticism at the ability for third @-@ party websites to allow gambling and betting on match results and in @-@ game items , similar to controversies that also exist with Valve 's Counter @-@ Strike : Global Offensive . Using Dota 2 as an example , Bright also stated that he thought Valve built gambling elements directly into their games , and had issues with the unregulated practice , which was often used by underage players and regions where gambling is illegal . In response to the controversy , Valve and Dota 2 producer , Erik Johnson , stated that they would be taking action against the third @-@ party sites , saying the practice was " not allowed by our API nor our user agreements " . 
 In May 2013 , Dota 2 reached almost 330 @,@ 000 concurrent players and held the record for the game with the most concurrent users in Steam history , breaking its own record set in March the same year . Simultaneous with this benchmark , it was determined that the concurrent number of Dota 2 players in May 2013 outweighed the number of players for the rest of Steam 's top ten most @-@ played games combined . In February 2015 , Dota 2 became the first game in Steam 's history to have over one million concurrent players . Also in 2015 , Dota 2 was the third most watched game on Twitch.tv , after League of Legends and Counter @-@ Strike : Global Offensive . Concurrent viewership numbers of professional Dota 2 matches have reached upwards of two million . 
 
 = = = Awards and accolades = = = 
 
 Following its first public showing in 2011 , Dota 2 won IGN 's People 's Choice Award . In December 2012 , PC Gamer listed Dota 2 as a nominee for the 2012 Game of the Year award , as well as the best electronic sports title of the year . The game won 2013 eSport of the year awards from PC Gamer and onGamers . GameTrailers awarded the game the award for Best PC Game of 2013 . For IGN 's Best of 2013 award series , Dota 2 won the awards for Best PC Strategy & Tactics Game , as well as Best PC Multiplayer Game . The game 's awards for IGN 's Best of 2013 won their People 's Choice Award counterparts , as well . Similarly , Game Informer recognized Dota 2 for the categories of Best PC Exclusive , Best Competitive Multiplayer and Best Strategy of 2013 . In the 2013 edition of Game Revolution 's countdown of the top twenty @-@ five PC video games of all time , Dota 2 was listed in the number four position . Dota 2 was nominated for a number of Game of the Year awards by Destructoid , including the award for the best competitive game . While the staff selected StarCraft II : Heart of the Swarm , Dota 2 received the majority of the votes distributed between the nine nominees . In 2014 , Dota 2 was nominated for best multiplayer game at the 10th British Academy Games Awards , but lost to Grand Theft Auto V. In 2015 , Dota 2 was nominated for eSports Game of the Year at The Game Awards 2015 , and won the award for best MOBA at the 2015 Global Game Awards . 
 
 = = = Merchandise = = = 
 
 The popularity of Dota 2 led Valve to produce apparel , accessories , posters , and a number of other products featuring the heroes and other elements from the game . In addition , Valve secured licensing contracts with third @-@ party producers ; the first of these deals concerned a Dota 2 SteelSeries QcK + mousepad , which was announced at Gamescom 2011 . In September 2012 , Weta Workshop , the prop studio that creates the " Aegis of Champions " trophy for winners of The International , announced a product line that would include statues , weapons , and armor based on Dota 2 characters and items . In February 2013 , the National Entertainment Collectibles Association announced a new toy line featuring hero @-@ themed action figures at the American International Toy Fair . After the conclusion of The International 2015 finals , Valve awarded the Collector 's Aegis of Champions , which was a 1 / 5th scale brass replica of the Aegis of Champions trophy , to those with compendiums of 1 @,@ 000 levels or more . For The International 2016 , Valve began selling a limited edition Dota 2 themed HTC Vive virtual reality headset . Valve have also created webcomics related to the game , featuring some of the heroes and detailing their background lore . 
 
 
 = Don 't Take It Personally , Babe , It Just Ain 't Your Story = 
 
 don 't take it personally , babe , it just ain 't your story is a 2011 indie video game by Christine Love . Intended as a spiritual sequel to Love 's Digital : A Love Story , the game was developed over the course of a month and was released as a free download on April 4 , 2011 . Don 't take it personally is a visual novel , with the majority of the plot taking place outside of the player 's control except for key decisions . It follows a new high school literature teacher in 2027 over the course of a semester , with the ability to see private messages between students at any time without their knowledge . It deals with themes of privacy and relationships in the future . The game was received positively , with critics praising the interplay between the metafictional elements of the story and those of the game itself , with special acknowledgment reserved for the writing . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 Don 't take it personally is a visual novel , or interactive fiction game where the majority of the story is told through still images of the speaking characters in front of anime @-@ style backgrounds with text overlaid . The player 's viewpoint follows one character , the teacher in a school , with the player seeing his thoughts as well as his and the other characters ' statements . The player advances the conversations the teacher is in or witnesses at will , but cannot go backwards and has little control over what any of the characters , including the teacher , are saying except at a few key moments . At these points , the player is presented with two or three choices for what the teacher says ; which option is chosen can change what path the plot takes , in either a minor or major way . 
 In a departure from most visual novels the player can also see , at any time , the equivalent of texts and Facebook postings between the students on a school social network called AmieConnect ( often shortened to " Amie " ) , as well as conversation threads on a 4chan @-@ like imageboard that serve as foreshadowing for future plot points . These extra conversations take place in parallel to in @-@ person conversations between characters , occasionally at the same time ; the player is notified anytime a new text message or post is made . A single playthrough of the game takes " over an hour " . 
 
 = = Scenario = = 
 
 
 = = = Setting = = = 
 
 The game is set in a private high school in Ontario , in 2027 . The player follows a new 11th @-@ grade literature teacher at the school , John Rook , who has recently had his second divorce and is undergoing , in his words , a " bizarre midlife crisis " that has led him to quit his career in computers and become a teacher . The students in his class are Arianna Belle @-@ Essai , Kendall Flowers , Taylor Gibson , Charlotte Grewal , Isabella Hart , Nolan Striukas , and Akira Yamazaki . Rook and all of the students have school @-@ issued computers , which the students use to communicate between each other in private and public messages . Rook , and therefore the player , can see all of the messages that the students send , even the private ones ; the school administration has told Rook that it is for monitoring online bullying , and that he is not to let anyone know that he can see students ' private messages . 
 
 = = = Plot = = = 
 
 Soon after the game opens , the player learns that Kendall and Charlotte have just broken up out of a lesbian relationship , while a few weeks prior Taylor and Nolan had broken up out of a heterosexual relationship . Arianna develops a crush on the teacher , which in the player 's first decision point Rook can reciprocate or not . Akira soon comes out as gay , finding to his dismay that everyone else already knew . He then attempts to enter into a relationship with Nolan , who is unsure how to respond ; Rook can encourage him to try it out or let him decide on his own , but he enters a relationship with Akira regardless . 
 The next day , Isabella misses a meeting she set up with Rook , and does not return to the class . Through Amie texts and wall posts , the other students insinuate that she committed suicide , while the school is unable to provide Rook with any contact information for her . Class continues without her , and a little while later Arianna , if the player rejected her earlier in the game , makes another attempt to have a relationship with Rook . The player may choose to accept or reject her again . Through Amie , Rook learns that both Charlotte and Kendall wish to resume their relationship , and can influence Charlotte to try again or not , which changes whether or not they get back together . Taylor jealously and unsuccessfully tries to drive a wedge between Nolan and Akira . 
 As the end of term approaches , Rook begins getting strange emails about Isabella 's death , and begins seeing shinigami figures . Upset by these occurrences , when Akira 's mother asks to speak to him concerning misuses of Amie , he assumes that she has found out that he is spying on the students ' conversations . When he meets her , he finds that Isabella is alive and had simply moved away ; the students made it look like she was dead via Amie as a prank that got out of control . Furthermore , they already knew that he could see their messages ; Akira 's mother explains that the students have no idea of online privacy , having always had technology like Amie , and assumed that anything they put online might be read by anyone . The game ends with Rook having a casual lunch with the students , a date with Arianna , or neither , depending on the choices made during the game by the player . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 Don 't take it personally was developed over the course of a month , and was released as a free download on April 4 , 2011 . It was written and developed by Christine Love , with artwork made for the game by Auro @-@ Cyanide , artwork licensed from Tokudaya and Kimagure After , and with music licensed from Rengoku Teien and propanmode . It was created using the Ren 'Py engine . It was Love 's longest game to date , and her first attempt at a game with a branching storyline . It was intended as " a spiritual sequel of sorts " to Digital : A Love Story , a 2010 game by Love . The game was made for NaNoRenO ( National Ren 'ai Game Writing Month ) , a month @-@ long contest in the vein of National Novel Writing Month ( NaNoWriMo ) where developers attempt to create a visual novel in one month . Love 's favorite character to write was Kendall . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Don 't take it personally was chosen as a " freeware game pick " by IndieGames 's Michael Rose , who said that it was worth playing through multiple times in order to see the different paths the story takes depending on the player 's choices . Pete Davidson of GamePro noted the game as an example of the " creativity " missing in many large @-@ budget titles , and praised the story , calling Love " a writer first and a game developer second . " Alec Meer of Rock , Paper , Shotgun described the game as " a game about love , sex and the internet " that was " capable of being profoundly moving " and was about " what it is to feel like someone ’ s kicked me straight in the heart . " He praised Love 's ability to use dialogue to effect an emotional response , though he noted that the game seemed to lose some of its impact in the final chapters and felt that the use of the " 12chan " threads as a Greek chorus was " perhaps a meta @-@ layer too far " . 
 Aaron Poppleton of PopMatters called the game " a meditation on privacy in the modern age " and " one of the more thoughtful games to come out in a long time . " He criticized the art direction of the game , saying that the limitation of creating the game in a month led to poor artwork and an unpolished presentation that lets down the possibilities of the story . He did note that the story and writing of the game made the downsides of the game " almost entirely a moot point " , and that it is a very strong game . Pete Davidson of PC World , in an article about the treatment of sexuality in video games , called out the game as an example of a game that used sexual themes maturely to explore love and relationships . Emily Short of Gamasutra , in a discussion about the game , said that it was definitely worth playing and full of " charming characters , colorful dialogue , and important questions " , but criticized the uneven exploration of issues regarding privacy versus personal boundaries . She said that the game 's lack of focus on Rook 's issues with personal and professional boundaries was a weakness in the story , given that the distinction between boundaries and privacy was crucial to the plot . Love collated common criticisms and reviews of the game on her blog , summarizing that while it was less praised than Digital : A Love Story , most players seemed to like the way she wrote the relationships and overall story , though her portrayal of Rook was weak and that many players seemed to miss that he was intended to be " an absolutely awful teacher " and that the potential relationship with Arianna was intended to be creepy and make the player feel bad . She also noted that her use of licensed artwork was detracting from the game 's potential in comparison to the reaction to the custom works . 
 The Daily Telegraph gave the visual novel the award for " Best Script " in its video game awards of 2011 , stating that " Love 's layered narrative of a high school teacher embroiled in his student ’ s worries goes places most mainstream video games wouldn 't dare . " 
 
 
 = The Dreamscape = 
 
 " The Dreamscape " is the ninth episode of the first season of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe . It centers on a Fringe investigation of a Massive Dynamic employee who , after believing himself to be under attack by a swarm of sharp @-@ winged butterflies , jumps out of a window . Meanwhile , Olivia ( Anna Torv ) continues her visions of the deceased John Scott ( Mark Valley ) , and discovers how he related to a deadly psychoactive drug synthesized by Massive Dynamic . 
 " The Dreamscape " was written by series staff writers Julia Cho and Zack Whedon , and was directed by Fred Toye . To create the opening scene , they " relied entirely on actor performance , " with guest actor Ptolemy Slocum simulating being cut , freezing for the crew to apply prosthetic make @-@ up , and then unfreezing to continue shooting the scene . VFX coordinator Christopher Stollard wished the computer generated butterflies to look as realistic as possible , and modeled them after mounted butterfly specimens his team studied . 
 The episode first aired in the United States on November 25 , 2008 on the Fox network . It was watched by an estimated 8 @.@ 73 million viewers and earned a 3 @.@ 9 / 10 ratings share among adults aged 18 to 49 . Reviews of the episode were mixed , with one reviewer believing it " certainly moves [ the series ] in the right direction " . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Massive Dynamic executive Mark Young ( Ptolemy Slocum ) delivers a presentation at the company ’ s Manhattan office . When he is done and the other attendees have left , he sees an unusual butterfly . Upon picking it up , he experiences a cut on his hand and is then attacked by a swarm . Mark jumps out of a window , to his death . Olivia Dunham ( Anna Torv ) , despite preparing to go out to dinner with her sister , instead agrees to Phillip Broyles ' ( Lance Reddick ) demand that she join the Fringe team 's investigation at the scene . While examining the body , Dr. Walter Bishop ( John Noble ) sees lacerations on Young ’ s skin and notes a lack of corresponding tears on his shirt . At the scene , Olivia has a brief vision of her deceased lover John Scott ( Mark Valley ) watching them , which troubles her . 
 Later , in the lab at Harvard Walter 's autopsy reveals a synthetic compound in Mark 's blood , though any link to the cuts is not yet known to them . Olivia receives an email from someone who claims to be John Scott , listing an address for her to visit . Upon arriving she finds boxes , one of which contains a group of toads . At the lab , Walter finds that the toads contain a " psychoactive compound " , a hallucinogen that affects the fear center of the brain . They conclude that Mark ’ s brain was so convinced of something happening to his body that actual physical marks appeared . Mark was infected with a large dosage , leading them to attribute his death to murder . 
 Olivia admits to Walter how she found the address and learns that her brain still contains some of John 's memories . Wishing to discover what else John knew and prevent any further visions from occurring , Olivia insists on returning to Walter ’ s sensory deprivation tank . Inside the tank , Olivia sees a memory of John in a restaurant . Despite Walter 's vehement protest that it is impossible , Olivia is convinced that John Scott saw her . Afterwards , she sees John meeting with Mark and two other unidentified men . After Mark and another man leave , John kills the other man . Olivia believes the group were looking to sell the compound as a street drug , and is able to track down the other man , George Morales ( Yul Vazquez ) . Once apprehended , he denies killing Mark and demands immunity and protection from Massive Dynamic , who he believes was responsible for Mark 's death as well as other recent fringe events . Olivia confronts Nina Sharp ( Blair Brown ) about her suspicions , but George is murdered before he can be of further help to them . Later that night , Olivia gets another email from John Scott simply saying , " I SAW YOU . IN THE RESTAURANT . " 
 Meanwhile , Peter ( Joshua Jackson ) is contacted by Tess ( Susan Misner ) , a woman from his past who warns him to leave Boston . When he meets her , Peter intuits that she is being abused by her boyfriend Michael ( David Vadim ) . He ambushes Michael and warns him not to touch Tess again . Michael then informs local crime boss Worth ( Tom Riis Farrell ) that Peter is back in town . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " The Dreamscape " , the season 's ninth episode , was co @-@ written by staff writer Zack Whedon and playwright Julia Cho . It was Whedon 's first contribution to the series , and Cho 's second . In an interview fifteen days before the broadcast of " The Dreamscape " , showrunner and executive producer Jeff Pinkner stated that it and several surrounding episodes would be " stand @-@ alone in quality , but at the same time we [ will ] start to peel back another layer of the onion " to transition the second half of the season into a " new chapter . " Anna Torv later commented that she wished for Olivia to " lighten up " during the first season , " but every time she did , something would happen . " The writers inputted small scenes to shine more light on her character , which included Olivia dressing up for a night out but then " the phone rings . It ’ s Broyles , and she wipes the lipstick off , puts on a coat , and goes out . That ’ s it . You ’ re on call . She breaks my heart . " 
 Fred Toye served as the episode director , his second after directing " The Ghost Network " six installments earlier . To create the opening scene of character Mark Young being " attacked " by butterflies , Toye shot it in multiple phases . Series co @-@ creator Roberto Orci preferred the opening scene to involve a " more subtle " death , so Young was made to die from falling out a window , which was " a real thing , something that 's not imagined or whimsical " . VFX coordinator Christopher Stollard stated that his crew " relied entirely on actor performance , " with guest actor Ptolemy Slocum communicating often with the crew during filming . He shot his scenes in short bursts . Slocum summarized that he " would experience the [ butterfly ] cut and then we would freeze , apply make @-@ up [ to create the cut on his skin ] , and then unfreeze and move on " filming . On his first day , Slocum stated that he wore more than 75 individual prosthetics over his entire chest and arms . 
 Stollard wished the butterflies to be as realistic as possible , and modeled them after mounted butterfly specimens his team studied . The butterflies were computer generated animations and added later in post @-@ production . To create the illusion of Young falling through the window , the visual effects crew placed small explosive charges on the tempered glass window ; Slocum 's stuntman Jared Burke then jumped through while they triggered the glass to explode . Two cameras , one high and one profile , were positioned to shoot the fall , and were composited together later into a matte painting of the World Trade Building . The fall was filmed multiple times with a green screen , with the stuntman falling on a cushion . While on @-@ set , Toye explained of the shoot , " with all the pieces put together with the visual effects and with the performance we got with our actor Ptolemy , it 's going to be fabulous . " A crewman believed that the addition of music to Young 's fall made the scene " far more elegant and more of a statement . " In a December 2012 interview , actress Jasika Nicole stated that she developed a fear of butterflies as a result of this episode . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Ratings and marketing = = = 
 
 " The Dreamscape " first aired on November 25 , 2008 in the United States on the Fox network . With its timeslot dominated by the Dancing With the Stars season finale , Fringe attracted an estimated 8 @.@ 73 million viewers , down from the previous week 's audience of 9 @.@ 36 million . This placed it in third place in its timeslot , behind The Mentalist . The episode also came in third place among viewers aged 18 – 49 , as it earned a 3 @.@ 9 / 10 ratings share ; this means that it was seen by 3 @.@ 9 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds , and 10 percent of all 18- to 49 @-@ year @-@ olds watching television at the time of broadcast . 
 Fringe 's marketing team designed and launched www.massivedynamic.com near the beginning of the first season . Parts of the website can be seen in " The Dreamscape " , including on Olivia 's computer as she researches the company . 
 
 = = = Reviews = = = 
 
 Noel Murray of The A. V. Club was generally favorable to the episode , giving it a B + . He wrote , " Much like Fringe fan favorite ' The Arrival ' ( not a favorite of mine , sorry to say ) , ' The Dreamscape ' is an episode more involved with insinuation and mythology @-@ building than with telling a complete @-@ in @-@ one story . But perhaps because I 've come to trust Fringe more over its recent run of entertaining episodes , I enjoyed it fairly well , and found myself trying to figure out what kind of thematic connections I could make using the notion of the body reacting to mere thoughts . " Travis Fickett of IGN rated the episode 7 @.@ 8 / 10 , explaining that it " certainly moves in the right direction " . Fickett found the " coolest moment " to be when Olivia witnesses John Scott 's memory , and he also appreciated Peter 's backstory ( " It 's more than Peter usually gets , but what we know isn 't much and isn 't very exciting . " ) . Fickett criticized Olivia however for leaving the man at the hospital unsuitably protected . 
 SFScope reviewer Sarah Stegall enjoyed Peter 's sideplot and hoped to learn more of his past , but thought the " cute in @-@ jokes " were meant to distract the audience from a " thin " plot " full of holes " . She added that " the shallow , cookie @-@ cutter plotting " was starting to annoy her , and noted that while the series had the potential to become " a breakout show like The X @-@ Files or Lost ... its major weakness is the continual reliance on the worn @-@ out cliché of the Big Bad Corporation , " which had become " stale and dry . " 
 Jane Boursaw of AOL 's TV Squad wrote , " Another great episode tonight , and some of the little symbols we see leading into commercials were actually in tonight 's episode , " referring specifically to the hallucinatory butterflies and the frogs / toads found in the basement . Andrew Hanson of the Los Angeles Times took notice here of the pattern of Easter eggs teasing the next episode of the series . This feature of the show had earlier been touched on in an interview with showrunner Jeff Pinkner . As an example , the previous episode " The Equation " had contained a shot of a butterfly on a trashcan , foreshadowing the hallucinated butterfly attack in this episode . 
 In a 2016 retrospective of the series , A.V. Club writer Joshua Alston considered " The Dreamscape " as a strong example of Fringe 's " monster of the week " episodes that predominated the first season , showing " how much effort and imagination went into the self @-@ contained stories " . 
 
 
 = True Blue ( Madonna song ) = 
 
 " True Blue " is a song by American singer Madonna . It is the title track from her third studio album True Blue ( 1986 ) , and was released as the album 's third single on September 29 , 1986 by Sire Records . Written and produced by Madonna and Steve Bray , the song deals with the feelings of Madonna for her then @-@ husband Sean Penn . A dance @-@ pop song , it features instrumentation from a rhythm guitar , a synthesizer , keyboards , and drums . The main chorus is backed by an alternate one , incorporating a chord progression generally found in doo @-@ wop music . 
 Received by the critics as a light @-@ hearted and cute retro song , " True Blue " topped the charts in UK , Ireland and Canada and became another consecutive top ten song in U.S. for Madonna by reaching number three on the Billboard Hot 100 . The original music video portrayed her again with a new look , leaner and sporting platinum blond bushy hair . An alternate video was made through the " Make My Video " contest on MTV . The final selected videos had a similar theme of a 1950s @-@ inspired setting and the storyline following the lyrics of the song . " True Blue " has been performed on the Who 's That Girl World Tour ( 1987 ) and the Rebel Heart Tour ( 2015 – 16 ) . 
 
 = = Writing and composition = = 
 
 Madonna wrote and produced the song with Steve Bray . According to her , " True Blue " takes its title from a favourite expression of her then husband Sean Penn and to his very pure vision of love and was a direct tribute to him as well as the album , which was as a whole inspired by her " unabashed valentine " for Penn . In an interview , Bray said , " She [ Madonna ] was very much in love . It was obvious if she 's in love she 'll write love songs . If she 's not in love she definitely won 't be writing love songs . " In 2015 , Madonna said that " True Blue " is " a song about true love . I didn 't know what I was talking about when I wrote it . " 
 " True Blue " is a dance @-@ pop song inspired by the Motown 's girl groups from the 1960s which are considered the direct antecedents of Madonna 's musical sound . The song is composed in the key of B major . It is set in compound quadruple meter , commonly used in doo @-@ wop , and has a moderate tempo of 118 beats per minute . " True Blue " features instrumentation from a rhythm guitar , a synthesizer , keyboards , and drums for the bassline , with a basic sequence of I – vi – IV – V ( B – G ♯ m – E – F ♯ ) as its main chord progression . 
 Madonna 's vocal range spans a bit less than one and a half octaves , from F ♯ 3 to B4 . The chorus is backed by sounds of bells ringing , an alternate verse — " This time I know it 's true " — which is sung by three back @-@ up singers during the interlude , and a bass counter melody which introduces her vocals during the second chorus . The lyrics are constructed in a verse @-@ chorus form , with the theme being Madonna 's feelings for Sean Penn ; it even uses the archaic love word " dear " in the line " Just think back and remember , dear " . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 
 Davitt Sigerson from Rolling Stone magazine in a review of the album True Blue said that the song " squanders a classic beat and an immensely promising title " , LAUNCHcast 's Bill Holdship said that " True Blue " is " Madonna 's wonderful tribute to the late ' 50s / early ' 60s " girl groups " . In his book Madonna : An Intimate Biography , journalist J. Randy Taraborrelli described the song as " the light @-@ hearted , fun track of the whole True Blue album project having a retro 1950 's feel to it " . In the book Rock ' n ' Roll Gold Rush which contains information about various artists and their singles , author Maury Dean said that the song as a " masterwork of simplicity interwoven with secret complexity " adding that " on one hand , it 's just a basic steetcorner ditty , with four basic chords . In another context , it 's a counterpoint harmonic blanket , twirling with star @-@ spangled timbre and dynamic drive . " Rikky Rooksby , in his book The Complete Guide to the Music of Madonna , said that " True Blue " is " a song that is merely cute and not really up to being the title track of an album " . 
 The Wichita Eagle did not like the song , believing that it was " sassless and neutered " as compared to the other songs on the record . However , Daniel Brogan of The Chicago Tribune believed the song was good , calling it " impressive " like the rest of the album , and Jan DeKnock of the same paper believed it was " charming " . Steve Morse of The Boston Globe , when describing the song , said that it was a " bid to be an ' 80s Helen of Troy " . 
 
 = = = Chart performance = = = 
 
 " True Blue " was released in the United States in October 1986 . It debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 40 , six weeks later it reached its peak of number three , remaining at the position for three consecutive weeks , and spent a total of 16 weeks on the chart . The song performed equally well on the other Billboard charts , peaking at number five on Adult Contemporary , and number six on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart . In October 1998 , the single was certified gold by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipment of 500 @,@ 000 copies . In Canada , the song debuted at number 84 the RPM singles chart on September 27 , 1986 , reached the top for one week in November 1986 , and stayed on the chart for 23 weeks . It ended at the 37th position of the year @-@ end chart . 
 In the United Kingdom , " True Blue " was released on September 29 , 1986 . It debuted at number three on the UK Singles Chart , before climbing to number one the next week , becoming Madonna 's third number @-@ one single there . It was certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) in October 1986 . According to the Official Charts Company , the song has sold 545 @,@ 000 copies there . The song peaked at number one for two weeks in October 1986 in Ireland , making it her fourth number @-@ one single on the Irish Singles Chart . Both in Australia and New Zealand , the song reached the top five , and was certified platinum in the former region by the Australian Recording Industry Association ( ARIA ) for sales of 70 @,@ 000 copies of the single . In Europe " True Blue " also topped the Eurochart Hot 100 for one week in October 1986 . It peaked in the top five in Belgium , Italy , and the Netherlands , and in the top ten in Austria , France , Germany , and Switzerland . 
 
 = = Music videos = = 
 
 
 = = = Official version = = = 
 
 " True Blue " had two music videos to accompany it . Shot in early September 1986 in New York , Madonna 's own video for the song was directed by James Foley , who worked with Madonna in her videos for " Live to Tell " and " Papa Don 't Preach " , produced by Robert Colesberry and David Massar with photography by Michael Ballhaus . The Foley version features Madonna with three dancers and a 1950s car in an all @-@ blue diner . Madonna changes her hairstyle from short @-@ cropped in " Papa Don 't Preach " to a bushy platinum blonde hairdo and sings the song in choreographed moves backed by her dancers . It displays a flashing back to fifties rock 'n'roll youth culture . 
 The blue background changes to a sunny one as she sings " The sun is bursting right out of the sky " to go @-@ along with the lyrical meaning of the song . Two of Madonna 's close friends , Erika Belle and Debi Mazar appear in the video . The video was released at a time when she was going through a failed marriage with then husband actor Sean Penn . During this period , Madonna focused on more traditional fashion and attitudes and tried to appear more respectful of traditional gender roles . After shedding her trampy sex @-@ kitten and boy @-@ toy image with the " Live to Tell " music video , Madonna again adopted a new look for this video . Madonna attended aerobics classes at Hollywood health centre The Sports Connection , which was responsible for her toned down look in the video . 
 
 = = = " Make My Video " contest = = = 
 
 Sire Records decided to opt for a promotional device in the United States that would involve MTV viewers to make their own videos for " True Blue " . In the fall of 1986 , MTV asked its viewers to submit their own videos . The contest was known as " Madonna 's ' Make My Video ' Contest " . The winner was awarded a trip to MTV 's New York studio where Madonna presented a $ 25 @,@ 000 check live on MTV . Thousands of viewers submitted their recorded tapes which were mainly made using home @-@ made video equipment and featured themselves or relatives as the actors . MTV publicist Peter Danielson said that many of the submissions featured teenagers imitating Madonna . All the entries were shown in a continuous run on MTV as promised . The same song was played over and over for the whole day , but each time with a different video made by the finalists . Author Lisa A. Lewis said that this event emphasized the effect Madonna had on different kind of audiences due to the popularity and response to the contest . MTV selected ten finalists based mainly on a standard of popularity rather than slickness of production or concept creativity . 
 The concepts used in the videos were wide ranging and included a number of different ideas to interpret the lyrical meaning of the song . The final three entries selected , portrayed a fifties @-@ style production referring to the thematic content of the song . The song 's narration about " True Love " formed the basis of the rest of the semi @-@ finalist videos but was used in very different ways . The videos were choreographed featuring heterosexual romance , though no particular male or female protagonist was singled out . Some even adopted a kind of literal montage technique rather than structuring the video around a narrative line . 
 The winning entry was by Angel Gracia and Cliff Guest and it showed the female protagonist ( played by the director 's sister Anabel Garcia ) being supported and guided by her girlfriends who introduce her with the male protagonist . The girl even goes to the boy 's door to gift him flowers , thereby reversing the usual gender @-@ directed pattern of gift @-@ giving . The male protagonist is portrayed as a " perfect boy " ( played by William Fitzgibbon ) having the sensibilities like attentiveness , cuteness , playfulness like a friend ( after the lyrics " You 're my best friend " ) and not sexual overtones . The video in @-@ turn contrasts him with a self @-@ centered boy who puts on sunglasses , throws his leather jacket over his shoulder and walks away from the girl . Other videos portrayed a girl pining for her sailor , U.S.-Soviet relations and an arguing couple with the girl in a scene inspired by the music video of Tina Turner 's 1984 single " What 's Love Got to Do with It " . 
 
 = = Live performances = = 
 
 Madonna first performed the song on her 1987 " Who 's That Girl World Tour " . She came up on the stage wearing a blue dress to sing the song after finishing a performance of " Lucky Star " . In a similar setting to the original music video of the song , Madonna is backed up by her singers who play her girlfriends . At the end of the song Madonna is asked to dance again by the dancer playing her man in the performance . Her dance in the performance ( and also some other performances in the tour ) was choreographed by Jeffrey Hornaday from Flashdance . Two different performances of the song on the tour were included on two live video releases : Who 's That Girl : Live in Japan , filmed in Tokyo , Japan , on June 22 , 1987 , and Ciao Italia : Live from Italy , filmed in Turin , Italy , on September 4 , 1987 . 
 Madonna did not perform the song again until 2015 , as part of her Rebel Heart Tour . She performed an acoustic , ukulele @-@ driven version of the song sitting on top of a tire stack while asking the crowd to sing along with her . Writing for the Daily News , Jim Farber felt that during the performance " [ Madonna ] emphasized a rare sincerity " while Jordan Zivitz from the Montreal Gazette opined that " it was both endearingly quaint and , supersized by an unprompted singalong from more than 16 @,@ 000 voices , a goosebumps moment that felt more grandiose in its way than the showpieces surrounding it " . Newsday 's Glenn Gamboa gave a similar feedback , saying that the " lovely acoustic version of " True Blue " was a rare bow to romance , the sweetest of Madonna sentiments " . 
 
 = = Formats and track listing = = 
 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Madonna – lyrics , producer , vocals 
 Steve Bray – drums , keyboards , lyrics , producer 
 Bruce Gaitsch – rhythm guitar 
 Fred Zarr – additional keyboards 
 Steve Peck – engineer 
 Shep Pettibone – remixing 
 Herb Ritts – photography 
 Jeri McManus – design / artwork 
 Credits adapted from the album 's liner notes . 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 
 = Invisible rail = 
 
 The invisible rail , Wallace 's rail , or drummer rail ( Habroptila wallacii ) is a large flightless rail that is endemic to the island of Halmahera in North Maluku , Indonesia , where it inhabits impenetrable sago swamps adjacent to forests . Its plumage is predominantly dark slate @-@ grey , and the bare skin around its eyes , the long , thick bill , and the legs are all bright red . Its call is a low drumming sound which is accompanied by wing @-@ beating . The difficulty of seeing this shy bird in its dense habitat means that information on its behaviour is limited . 
 Recorded dietary items include sago shoots and insects , and it also swallows small stones to help break up its food . It is apparently monogamous , but little else is known of its courtship behaviour . The only known nest was a shallow bowl in the top of a rotting tree stump that was lined with wood chips and dry leaves . The two young chicks were entirely covered in black down typical of precocial newly hatched rails . The estimated population of 3 @,@ 500 – 15 @,@ 000 birds and the restricted range mean that the invisible rail is classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) . Habitat loss has occurred through the harvesting of sago and conversion of the wetlands to rice cultivation , and the rail is eaten by local people . The described nest was in an area frequented by local villagers , so the rail may be more adaptable to habitat changes than had been thought . 
 
 = = Taxonomy = = 
 
 The rails are a large and very widespread family , with nearly 150 species . They are small to medium @-@ sized , terrestrial or wetland birds , and their short bodies are often flattened laterally to help them move through dense vegetation . Island species readily become flightless ; of 53 extant or recently extinct taxa restricted to islands , 32 have lost the ability to fly . 
 The invisible rail , first classified by English zoologist George Robert Gray in 1860 , is the only member of the monotypic genus Habroptila . The genus name Habroptila derives from the Greek habros , " delicate , pretty , splendid " and ptilon , " feather , wing " ; wallacii commemorates British zoologist Alfred Russel Wallace . Local names include " soisa " , " tibiales " and " rèie " . 
 This rail is related to the New Guinea flightless rail , Megacrex inepta , and the chestnut rail , Eulabeornis castaneoventris , all three Australasian genera probably being derived from Amaurornis ancestors . Storrs Olson argued that the genus Megacrex was so similar to Habroptila that Megacrex should be considered a junior synonym of Habroptila , resulting in two species in the genus . This was further lumped in Sidney Dillon Ripley 's 1977 monograph of the Rallidae ; he included Habroptila within the large genus Rallus . This suggestion was , however , not accepted by Gerlof Fokko Mees , who pointed out distinct differences in the shape and structure of the bill . A molecular phylogenetic analysis based on mitochondrial DNA sequence similarity found that Habroptila is part of evolutionary radiation within the broad genus Gallirallus that took place around 400 @,@ 000 years ago in the region . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The invisible rail is a large , 33 to 40 cm ( 13 – 16 in ) long , flightless bird . The adult has a mainly dark slate @-@ grey body , dark brown plumage on the lower back , rump and wings , and a black uppertail . Its underparts are slightly paler slate @-@ grey than the back , and the bare skin around the eye , the long , thick bill and the strong legs are bright red . It has a small spine at the bend of the wings . The sexes are identical in appearance ; the plumage of fledged immature birds has not been described . 
 The invisible rail is superficially similar to the purple swamphen , Porphyrio porphyrio , which has recently been found in Halmahera , but that species is larger , with a short , thick red bill and a red forehead shield ; it also has purple underparts and a white undertail . The invisible rail is different from the Calayan rail , Gallirallus calayanensis , in that it is larger and lacks the barred plumage of that species ; there is no overlap between the ranges of the two species . 
 The call is a low drumming , accompanied by a tuk , tuk , tuk made with the wings . The nature of the vocalisation led to a local legend that the sound is made by the bird beating on a hollow tree or branch with its feet . Gerd Heinrich noted the local name " soisa " , meaning drum , and described the call as being a subdued drumming purre – purre – purre – purre – purre which sometimes ends in a loud shrill scream . The bird also produced a dull hum similar to the voice of the banded pig ( Sus scrofa vittatus ) and reminiscent of the call of the snoring rail ( Aramidopsis plateni ) . Calling is most frequent in the early morning or late evening , and a human tapping a sago stem with a machete may elicit a response from the bird . A quieter version of the call is given at the nest . Other sounds attributed to this rail , such as loud screams , may be incorrect , since they are like those produced by the pale @-@ vented bush @-@ hen ( Amaurornis moluccana ) . 
 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 
 The invisible rail inhabits the dense , spiky sago swamps of Halmahera , particularly where forest adjoins the boggy areas . Claims that the rail occurs in alang @-@ alang grass are thought to have arisen from confusion with the pale @-@ vented bush @-@ hen . German ornithologist Gerd Heinrich , who prepared for his Halmahera trip by rolling in stinging nettles , wrote of the sago swamp habitat in the 1930s : 
 I am solidly confident no European has ever seen this rail alive , for that requires such a degree of toughening and such demands on oneself as I cannot so easily attribute to others . Habroptila is shielded by the awful thorns of the sago swamps ... In this thorn wilderness , I walked barefoot and half @-@ naked for weeks . 
 Sightings of the rail from 1950 to 2003 were from a restricted area of West Halmahera Regency , at the base of the western peninsula of the island , but it was recorded prior to 1950 as far as the southern point of Halmahera . More recent records showed that it is still present in a significantly larger area , including the northeast of the island , and locals claim that it also occurs in the swamps near Kao , in the northwest . 
 
 = = Behaviour = = 
 
 The difficult habitat and retiring nature of the invisible rail mean that information on its lifestyle is sparse , and there are few confirmed sightings . Recorded food items include sago shoots and insects . It also feeds at cut sago plants , although it is unclear whether it is eating the decaying plant or searching for other edible items . It swallows small stones , as do all rails , to help break up its food in the gizzard . 
 The invisible rail is thought to be monogamous , but little else is known of its courtship behaviour prior to nesting . A report of 4 – 5 striped chicks was long thought to be incorrect , since such a plumage is not normal for rails . In this family , chicks are typically precocial , downy and black , with any ornamentation confined to the head , bare flesh , or specially modified plume feathers . 
 The issue was resolved in November 2010 when a nest was found in the top of a rotting tree stump , 1 m ( 39 in ) above ground level and 46 m ( 151 ft ) in from the edge of a dry swamp forest in Aketajawe @-@ Lolobata National Park . The nest depression was 15 cm ( 5 @.@ 9 in ) in depth , with a lower layer of small wood chips at its base and a lining of dead leaves . The egg shells were brownish @-@ white with dark brown and black markings of different sizes . The two very young chicks were entirely covered in black down , contrasting with a white pollux ( the equivalent of the thumbnail on a human hand ) and pink index nail . The bill was black with a white tip , and the legs were black @-@ streaked brown . The eyes had grey irises and blue pupils . Rail chicks leave the nest soon after hatching , so the chicks were assumed to be only a day or two old . 
 
 = = Status = = 
 
 Bird species with a restricted range are especially vulnerable to human activities , and eight of the 26 bird species occurring only in the Northern Maluku Endemic Bird Area are threatened , including the invisible rail . Almost a quarter of all rail species have conservation concerns , and flightless island species are particularly at risk , at least 15 species having become extinct since 1600 . The estimated population of the invisible rail is 3 @,@ 500 – 15 @,@ 000 birds , and its restricted range and small population mean that the species is classified as vulnerable by the International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) , although this rail is so poorly known that it may be more common than the estimates suggest . 
 Habitat loss has occurred through commercial harvesting of the sago , or conversion to rice cultivation and fishponds . The rail is a prized food for local people who catch it with traps made from strings of bark and hunt it with dogs . The only described nest was in an area well @-@ used by local villagers , and the rail may be more adaptable to habitat changes than had been thought . There were also several sightings in northeast Halmahera in 2008 and 2011 , extending the area in which this bird has been seen in recent years . 
 
 
 = Project Chanology = 
 
 Project Chanology ( also called Operation Chanology ) was a protest movement against the practices of the Church of Scientology by members of Anonymous , a leaderless Internet @-@ based group that defines itself as ubiquitous . The project was started in response to the Church of Scientology 's attempts to remove material from a highly publicized interview with Scientologist Tom Cruise from the Internet in January 2008 . 
 The project was publicly launched in the form of a video posted to YouTube , " Message to Scientology " , on January 21 , 2008 . The video states that Anonymous views Scientology 's actions as Internet censorship , and asserts the group 's intent to " expel the church from the Internet " . This was followed by distributed denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks ( DDoS ) , and soon after , black faxes , prank calls , and other measures intended to disrupt the Church of Scientology 's operations . In February 2008 , the focus of the protest shifted to legal methods , including nonviolent protests and an attempt to get the Internal Revenue Service to investigate the Church of Scientology 's tax exempt status in the United States . 
 Reactions from the Church of Scientology regarding the protesters ' actions have varied . Initially , one spokesperson stated that members of the group " have got some wrong information " about Scientology . Another referred to the group as a group of " computer geeks " . Later , the Church of Scientology started referring to Anonymous as " cyberterrorists " perpetrating " religious hate crimes " against the church . 
 Detractors of Scientology have also criticized the actions of Project Chanology , asserting that they merely provide the Church of Scientology with the opportunity to " play the religious persecution card " . Other critics such as Mark Bunker and Tory Christman initially questioned the legality of Project Chanology 's methods , but have since spoken out in support of the project as it shifted towards nonviolent protests and other legal methods . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 The Church of Scientology has a history of conflict with groups on the Internet . In 1995 , attorneys for the Church of Scientology attempted to get the newsgroup alt.religion.scientology ( a.r.s. ) removed from Usenet . This attempt backfired and generated a significant amount of press for a.r.s. The conflict with a.r.s led the hacker group Cult of the Dead Cow to declare war on the Church of Scientology . The Church of Scientology mounted a 10 @-@ year legal campaign against Dutch writer Karin Spaink and several Internet service providers after Spaink and others posted documents alleged to be secret teachings of the organization . The Church of Scientology 's efforts ended in a legal defeat in a Dutch court in 2005 . This series of events is often referred to as " Scientology versus the Internet " . 
 
 = = = Tom Cruise video = = = 
 
 On January 14 , 2008 , a video produced by the Church of Scientology featuring an interview with Tom Cruise was posted on YouTube . In the video , music from Cruise 's Mission : Impossible films plays in the background , and Cruise makes various statements , including saying that Scientologists are the only people who can help after a car accident , and that Scientologists are the authority on getting addicts off drugs . According to The Times , Cruise can be seen in the video " extolling the virtues of Scientology " . The Daily Telegraph ( Australia ) characterized Cruise as " manic @-@ looking " during the interview , " gush [ ing ] about his love for Scientology " . 
 The Church of Scientology asserted that the video material that had been leaked to YouTube and other websites was " pirated and edited " and taken from a three @-@ hour video produced for members of Scientology . YouTube removed the Cruise video from their site under threat of litigation . The web site Gawker.com did not take down their copy of the Tom Cruise video , and other sites have posted the entire video . Lawyers for the Church of Scientology sent a letter to Gawker.com requesting the removal of the video , but Nick Denton of Gawker.com stated : " It 's newsworthy and we will not be removing it . " 
 
 = = = Formation = = = 
 
 Project Chanology was formulated by users of the English @-@ speaking imageboards 711chan.org and 4chan , the associated partyvan.info wiki , and several Internet Relay Chat channels , all part of a group collectively known as Anonymous , on January 16 , 2008 after the Church of Scientology issued a copyright violation claim against YouTube for hosting material from the Cruise video . The effort against Scientology has also been referred to by group members as " Operation Chanology " . A webpage called " Project Chanology " , part of a larger wiki , is maintained by Anonymous and chronicles planned , ongoing and completed actions by project participants . The website includes a list of suggested guerrilla tactics to use against the Church of Scientology . Members use other websites as well to coordinate action , including Encyclopedia Dramatica and the social networking site Facebook , where two groups associated with the movement had 3 @,@ 500 members as of February 4 , 2008 . A member of Anonymous told the Los Angeles Times that , as of February 4 , 2008 , the group consisted of " a loose confederation of about 9 @,@ 000 people " who post anonymously on the Internet . A security analyst told The Age that the number of people participating anonymously in Project Chanology could number in the thousands : " You can 't pin it on a person or a group of people . You 've thousands of people engaged to do anything they can against Scientology . " 
 Members of Project Chanology say their main goal is " to enlighten the Church of Scientology ( CoS ) by any means necessary . " Their website states : " This will be a game of mental warfare . It will require our talkers , not our hackers . It will require our dedicated Anon across the world to do their part . " Project Chanology 's stated goals include the complete removal of the Church of Scientology 's presence from the Internet and to " save people from Scientology by reversing the brainwashing " . Project Chanology participants plan to join the Church of Scientology posing as interested members in order to infiltrate the organization . 
 Andrea Seabrook of National Public Radio 's All Things Considered reported Anonymous was previously known for " technologically sophisticated pranks " such as spamming chat rooms online and " ordering dozens of pizzas for people they don 't like " . Ryan Singel of Wired appeared on the program on January 27 , 2008 , and told Seabrook that members of Anonymous were motivated by " the tactics the Church of Scientology uses to control information about itself " rather than the " controversial nature of Scientology itself " . 
 
 = = Activities = = 
 
 
 = = = Internet activities = = = 
 
 Project Chanology began its campaign by organizing and delivering a series of denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks against Scientology websites and flooding Scientology centers with prank calls and black faxes . The group was successful in taking down local and global Scientology websites intermittently from January 18 , 2008 until at least January 25 , 2008 . Anonymous had early success rendering major Scientology websites inaccessible and leaking documents allegedly stolen from Scientology computers . This resulted in a large amount of coverage on social bookmarking websites . 
 The denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks on Scientology.org flooded the site with 220 megabits of traffic , a mid @-@ range attack . Speaking with SCMagazineUS.com , a security strategist for Top Layer Networks , Ken Pappas said that he thought that botnets were involved in the Anonymous operation : " There are circles out there where you could take ownership of the bot machines that are already owned and launch a simultaneous attack against [ something ] like the church from 50 @,@ 000 PCs , all at the same time " . 
 In response to the attacks , on January 21 , 2008 the Scientology.org site was moved to Prolexic Technologies , a company specializing in safeguarding web sites from denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks . Attacks against the site increased , and CNET News reported that " a major assault " took place at 6 p.m. EST on January 24 , 2008 . Anonymous escalated the attack on Scientology on January 25 , 2008 and on January 25 , 2008 , the Church of Scientology 's official website remained inaccessible . 
 On January 21 , 2008 , Anonymous announced its goals and intentions via a video posted to YouTube entitled " Message to Scientology " , and a press release declaring " War on Scientology " , against both the Church of Scientology and the Religious Technology Center . In the press release , the group stated that the attacks against the Church of Scientology would continue in order to protect freedom of speech and to end what they characterized as the financial exploitation of church members . 
 The Tom Cruise video is referred to specifically at the start of the Anonymous YouTube video posting , and is characterized as a " propaganda video " . The video utilizes a synthesized voice and shows floating cloud images using a time lapse method as the speaker addresses the leaders of Scientology directly : " We shall proceed to expel you from the Internet and systematically dismantle the Church of Scientology in its present form ... " The video goes on to state : " We recognize you as serious opponents , and do not expect our campaign to be completed in a short time frame . However , you will not prevail forever against the angry masses of the body politic . Your choice of methods , your hypocrisy , and the general artlessness of your organization have sounded its death knell . You have nowhere to hide because we are everywhere ... We are Anonymous . We are Legion . We do not forgive . We do not forget . Expect us . " By January 25 , 2008 , only four days after its release , the video had been viewed 800 @,@ 000 times , and by February 8 , 2008 had been viewed over 2 million times . Author Warren Ellis called the video " creepy in and of itself " and a " manifesto , declaration of war , sharp political film " . 
 In a different video posted to YouTube , Anonymous addresses news organizations covering the conflict and criticizes media reporting of the incident . In the video , Anonymous criticizes the media specifically for not mentioning objections by the group to certain controversial aspects of the history of the Church of Scientology , and cited past incidents including the death of Lisa McPherson : " We find it interesting that you did not mention the other objections in your news reporting . The stifling and punishment of dissent within the totalitarian organization of Scientology . The numerous , alleged human rights violations . Such as the treatment and events that led to the deaths of victims of the cult such as Lisa McPherson . " Lisa McPherson was a Scientologist who died in 1995 under controversial circumstances . Initially , the Church of Scientology was held responsible and faced felony charges in her death . The charges were later dropped and a civil suit brought by McPherson 's family was settled in 2004 . This second video was removed on January 25 , 2008 , YouTube citing a " terms of use violation " . Organizers of the February 10 , 2008 , Project Chanology protests against the Church of Scientology told the St. Petersburg Times the event was timed to coincide with the birthday of Lisa McPherson . 
 In addition to DDoS attacks against Church of Scientology websites , Anonymous also organized a campaign on one of their websites to " begin bumping Digg " , referring to an attempt to drive up Scientology @-@ related links on the website Digg.com. On January 25 , 2008 , eight of the top ten stories on Digg.com were about either Scientology @-@ related controversies or Anonymous and attempts to expose Scientology . Digg CEO Jay Adelson told PC World that Anonymous had not manipulated the site 's algorithm system to prevent artificial poll results , stating : " They must have done a very good job of bringing in a diverse set of interests ... It just happened to hit a nerve that the Digg community was interested in . " Adelson said two other instances which similarly have dominated the Digg main page in the past were the Virginia Tech Massacre in the aftermath of the incident and the " 7 / 7 " London bombings in 2005 . Adelson commented on the popularity of Scientology theme within the Digg community : " In the history of Digg , there 's no question that the topic of Scientology has been of great interest to the community ... I can 't explain why . " 
 On January 29 , 2008 , Jason Lee Miller of WebProNews reported that a Google bomb technique had been used to make the Scientology.org main website the first result in a Google search for " dangerous cult " . Miller wrote that Anonymous was behind the Google bomb , and that they had also tried to bump Scientology up as the first result in Google searches for " brainwashing cult " , and to make the Xenu.net website first result in searches for " scientology " . Rob Garner of MediaPost Publications wrote : " The Church of Scientology continues to be the target of a group called Anonymous , which is using Google bombs and YouTube as its tools of choice . " 
 In a February 4 , 2008 , article , Scientology spokeswoman Karin Pouw told the Los Angeles Times that Church of Scientology 's websites " have been and are online . " Danny McPherson , chief research officer at Arbor Networks , claimed 500 denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks had been observed on the Scientology site in the week prior to February 4 , some of which were strong enough to bring the website down . Calling Anonymous a " motley crew of internet troublemakers " , Wired blogger Ryan Singel said that , while attempting to bypass the Prolexic servers protecting the Church of Scientology website , users of a misconfigured DDoS tool inadvertently and briefly had targeted the Etty Hillesum Lyceum , a Dutch secondary school in Deventer . Another hacking group associated with the project , calling themselves the " g00ns " , mistakenly targeted a 59 @-@ year @-@ old man from Stockton , California . They posted his home telephone number , address and his wife 's Social Security number online for other people to target . They believed that he was behind counter @-@ attacks against Project Chanology @-@ related websites by the Regime , a counter @-@ hack group who crashed one of the Project Chanology planning websites . The group allegedly attempted to gain personal information on people involved in Project Chanology to turn that information over to the Church of Scientology . After discovering they had wrongly targeted the couple , one of the members of the g00ns group called and apologized . 
 
 = = = Protests planned = = = 
 
 A new video entitled " Call to Action " appeared on YouTube on January 28 , 2008 , calling for protests outside Church of Scientology centers on February 10 , 2008 . As with the previous videos , the two @-@ minute video used a synthesized computer voice and featured stock footage of clouds and sky . The video was accompanied by a text transcript with British English spelling . The video denied that the group was composed of " super hackers " , stating : " Contrary to the assumptions of the media , Anonymous is not ' a group of super hackers . ' ... Anonymous is everyone and everywhere . We have no leaders , no single entity directing us . " The video said that Project Chanology participants include " individuals from all walks of life ... united by an awareness that someone must do the right thing . " Specific controversies involving the CoS were cited in the video as the explanation for actions by Anonymous . 
 In an email to CNET News , Anonymous stated that coordinated activities were planned for February 10 , 2008 , in many major cities around the world . Anonymous hoped to use " real world " protests to rally public opinion to their cause . According to the Associated Press , the protests were meant to draw attention to what the group refers to as a " vast money @-@ making scheme under the guise of ' religion ' " . By January 30 , 2008 , 170 protests had been planned outside Church of Scientology centers worldwide . A video posted to YouTube called " Code of Conduct " outlined twenty @-@ two rules to follow when protesting , and urged protestors to remain peaceful . 
 
 = = = February 2008 = = = 
 
 
 = = = = February 2 = = = = 
 
 On February 2 , 2008 , 150 people gathered outside a Church of Scientology center in Orlando , Florida to protest the organization 's practices . Small protests were also held in Santa Barbara , California ( during the Santa Barbara International Film Festival ) , and Manchester , England . Protesters in Orlando carried signs with messages " Knowledge is Free " and " Honk if you hate Scientology " . According to WKMG @-@ TV , the protesters called the Church of Scientology a " dangerous cult " and said the organization is responsible for crimes and deaths . The Orlando Sentinel reported that the protest was " part of a worldwide campaign by a group that calls itself Anonymous " , and an unnamed organizer who spoke to the paper stated that the group was protesting " a gross violation of the right to see free church material " , referring to the Tom Cruise video that was pulled from YouTube . 
 Protesters at the demonstration wore masks , and said they were attempting to inform the public about what they believed to be " restrictions of free speech and profiteering through pyramid schemes " by the Church of Scientology . They asserted they were not protesting the doctrine of Scientology , but rather alleged actions of individual Scientologists . One protester stated that he had created a Facebook group to organize the protest , explaining " It started online with a group called Anonymous ... They got upset with Scientology because the church hides important documents that are supposed to be released to the public . " 
 
 = = = = February 10 = = = = 
 
 On February 10 , 2008 , about 7 @,@ 000 people protested in at least 100 cities worldwide . Within 24 hours of the first protest , a search for " Scientology " and " protest " on Google Blog Search returned more than 4 @,@ 000 results and more than 2 @,@ 000 pictures on the image @-@ sharing site Flickr . Cities with turnouts of one hundred or more protesters included Adelaide , Melbourne , and Sydney , Australia ; Toronto , Canada ; London , England ; Dublin , Ireland ; and Austin , Dallas , Boston , Clearwater , and New York City , United States . 
 150 people protested at the Church of Scientology building in Sydney , Australia , carrying signs and wearing costumes . Participants were masked to maintain their anonymity and avoid possible retaliation from the Church of Scientology . Protesters chanted " Church on the left , cult on the right " ( in reference to the Church that was beside the Church of Scientology building ) , " Religion is free " and " We want Xenu " . Scientology staff locked down the building and set up a camera to record the event . After the protest in Sydney , a surge in online Internet traffic due to individuals attempting to view pictures from the protest crashed hundreds of websites when a server was overloaded . The Sydney protest was one of the first worldwide , and after the first images of the protest went online a surge in traffic drove the hosting company 's bandwidth usage up by 900 percent . The hosting company Digitalis temporarily prevented access to hundreds of its clients ' sites , and customer support representative Denis Kukic said the surge was unexpected : " We had no advance notice that there was going to be a sudden surge of traffic or that there would be more than 100 times the average traffic that this customer 's website normally consumes . " 
 Masked protesters in Seattle , Washington , United States congregated in front of the Church of Scientology of Washington . Protesters were quoted as saying , " We believe in total freedom of belief . We have nothing against the people of Scientology , however the Church of Scientology has committed crimes . They 're vehemently anti @-@ opposition . Anyone who opposes them , must go down . " A protester in Santa Barbara emphasized that their opposition was against the organization , not the belief system , and that they supported the Scientology split @-@ off group known as the Free Zone . Protesters turned out in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania despite unusually cold weather . The masked crowd consisted mainly of college students , including some who had travelled from as far as Penn State University . 
 Protesters in Boston , Los Angeles , Pittsburgh , Toronto , Edinburgh , London , and other cities worldwide , wore Guy Fawkes masks modeled after the 2005 film V for Vendetta . ( Guy Fawkes was an English Catholic executed for a 1605 attempt to destroy the House of Lords . In V for Vendetta , a rebel against a near @-@ future fascist regime uses the mask in his public appearances and distributes many of its copies to the population to enable mass protests . The Boston Globe characterized usage of the Guy Fawkes masks as " an allusion to the British insurgent and a film depicting an antigovernment movement " . Aaron Tavena of College Times wrote that the Guy Fawkes masks provided a " dramatic effect " to the protests , and Nick Jamison of The Retriever Weekly wrote : " During the February 10 protests , Anonymous was informative , Anonymous was peaceful , and Anonymous was effective . After seeing all of the pictures from the 10th with everyone in disguise , many sporting Guy Fawkes masks , I wanted to be a part of that . " Scott Stewart of University of Nebraska at Omaha 's The Gateway wrote : " Many participants sported Guy Fawkes masks to draw attention both to their identity as Anonymous and the Church of Scientology 's abuse of litigation and coercion to suppress anti @-@ Scientology viewpoints . " 
 The Internet meme Rickroll , where a link is given to a seemingly relevant website only to be directed to a music video of singer Rick Astley 's pop single " Never Gonna Give You Up " , has been used as a theme in the protests against Scientology . At February 10 protests in New York , Washington , D.C. , London and Seattle , protesters played the song through boomboxes and shouted the phrase " Never gonna let you down ! " , in what The Guardian called " a live rick @-@ rolling of the Church of Scientology " . In response to a website created by Scientologists showing an anti @-@ Anonymous video , Project Chanology participants created a website with a similar domain name with a video displaying the music video to " Never Gonna Give You Up " . In a March 2008 interview , Astley said that he found the rickrolling of Scientology to be " hilarious " ; he also said that he will not try to capitalize on the rickroll phenomenon with a new recording or remix of his own , but that he 'd be happy to have other artists remix it . 
 Following the protests , there were reports that YouTube was freezing the view counts on videos criticizing Scientology , including clips from the protests themselves , potentially preventing them from being displayed on YouTube 's front page . Similarly , the original " Message to Scientology " video had received nearly 2 @.@ 5 million views and yet failed to be featured as a " most @-@ watched " . The net neutrality activist group movieLOL strongly criticized YouTube for a " display of the decay of internet freedom " . YouTube 's official response stated : " There was an issue with video view counts not increasing that has now been resolved . The correct number of views should be displayed in the next 24 hours . Thanks for your patience . " 
 Jonathan Holmes , the presenter of the Australian watchdog program Media Watch , reported on two cases of media censorship of the protests . News.com.au pixelated a poster carried by a protester which was revealed , through a Today Tonight segment , to have displayed the word " CULT " . The Advertiser erased Tom Cruise 's name from a protest placard , rendering the placard 's message meaningless , without informing its readers . The Advertiser 's editor , Melvin Mansell , stated that the alteration had " slipped by " and that he was opposed to the publication of doctored photographs . 
 
 = = = March – December 2008 = = = 
 
 
 = = = = March 2008 = = = = 
 
 According to NBC11 , a woman from Anonymous contacted them and stated that protests were planned against Scientology each month through May 2008 ; and that a large protest was planned for two days after Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard 's birthday , March 15 . Carlos Moncada of The Tampa Tribune reported that an " open letter to the press from Anonymous " was sent out via e @-@ mail , and states that a protest is planned for March 15 , 2008 . The e @-@ mail refers to the Ides of March : " We , too , wish to celebrate this event , albeit in our own special way ... Beware the Ides of March , Church of Scientology ! " The March protests were titled " Operation Party Hard " . 
 Protests began in Australia on March 15 , 2008 , and were followed by protests in major cities worldwide including Brussels , London , Seattle , Phoenix , Manchester , and Los Angeles . Approximately 7 @,@ 000 to 8 @,@ 000 people protested in about 100 cities worldwide . The protests took place in locations in Australia , Europe , Canada , and the United States . 
 Approximately 200 masked protesters gathered outside the Church of Scientology 's headquarters in Adelaide , Australia . An anonymous spokesman told News.com.au that Scientology should lose its tax @-@ exempt status . About 150 protesters came to the Yonge Street headquarters of Scientology in Toronto , Canada ; sang " Happy Birthday " and chanted " we want cake " . During the Los Angeles protests , a plane flew overhead trailing a large sign that read " Honk if you think Scientology is a cult . " 150 protesters demonstrated in Clearwater , Florida , and a local organizer for Anonymous told The Tampa Tribune , " We feel that we have an obligation to educate the public about the things that have gone on and hopefully make the Church of Scientology understand that they have to change . " 
 Two people were arrested by DeKalb County , Georgia police for using megaphones while stepping onto the surrounding street opposite of the church during a protest . The Atlanta Journal @-@ Constitution reported that five protesters were cited for " causing ' hazardous ' or ' offensive ' conditions " , and that eight motorists were pulled over by police and ticketed for excessive use of horns , after they honked while driving past the protest . The American Civil Liberties Union and Amnesty International are investigating the reaction of the police at the Atlanta protest . In contrast , a Los Angeles Police Department officer at the Los Angeles protest was widely praised after a video was uploaded to YouTube showing him acknowledging the demonstrators ' right to protest and encouraging them to stay on the sidewalk for their own safety . 
 
 = = = = April 2008 = = = = 
 
 Anonymous held its third international protest against Scientology on April 12 , 2008 . Named " Operation Reconnect " , the protest focused on increasing awareness of the Church of Scientology 's disconnection policy . Protesters around the world gathered in over 50 cities , including Toronto , London , Sydney , and Berlin . A subsequent international protest was planned for May 10 , 2008 , according to The University Register it was titled " Operation Battletoad Earth " , and an additional protest was planned for June 2008 . According to John DeSio of The Village Voice , the May 10 , 2008 protests were referred to as " Operation : Fair Game : Stop " , and National Nine News has reported that the full title of the May 10 protests is " Battletoad Earth : Operation Fairgame Stop " . The May 10 date was chosen as May 9 is the anniversary of Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard 's book Dianetics : The Modern Science of Mental Health . Over 400 people were present at the May 10 , 2008 protests in cities in Australia . Wen Hsing , a member of Anonymous , commented to scopical.com.au about the Church of Scientology 's denial of its " Fair Game " policy : " Even if the name ' fair game ' is not in use , the Church of Scientology is an organisation that continues to practice a vicious policy of retribution against perceived enemies , and it teaches its members that extreme measures are morally justified if they aid the Church . " 
 
 = = = = May 2008 = = = = 
 
 On May 10 , a teenager who went to the protests in front of the Queen Victoria Street Church of Scientology in London was issued a court summons after being asked to take down a sign that read " Scientology is not a religion , it is a dangerous cult " . Posting anonymously on a forum , the teenager stated " Within five minutes of arriving ... I was told by a member of the police that I was not allowed to use ' that word ' " . He said that the police told him he had 15 minutes to take down the sign . The teenager did not , citing a 1984 high court ruling by Justice Latey which he described the Church of Scientology as a " cult " that was " corrupt , sinister and dangerous " . The sign was then confiscated . Shami Chakrabarti , the director of Liberty , a human rights group , said that , " They will be banning words like ' war ' and ' tax ' from placards and demonstrations next . This is just barmy " . On May 23 , 2008 , the legal action against the boy was dropped . A Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) spokesman said : " In consultation with the City of London Police , we were asked whether the sign was abusive or insulting . Our advice is that it is not abusive or insulting and there is no offensiveness ( as opposed to criticism ) , neither in the idea expressed nor in the mode of expression . " Anonymous also held a protest in Budapest , Hungary , in the same time and location as a program of the local Scientology church . 
 
 = = = = June – October 2008 = = = = 
 
 A protest was held June 14 , 2008 titled " Sea Arrrgh " ( a satirical reference to the Church of Scientology 's Sea Org ) . Protesters dressed up as pirates . According to Macquarie National News , members of Anonymous highlighted the controversial practices of the Sea Org , including what the protesters believe to be forced contracts where Scientologists work below a livable wage , that female Sea Org members who become pregnant are pressured to have abortions , and that children of families in the organization are made to perform difficult physical labor . An international protest held on July 12 , 2008 titled : " Spy vs. Sci " highlighted the Church of Scientology 's Office of Special Affairs . A press release by the group posed the question : " Why does something that describes itself as a religion need an intelligence agency that aggressively persecutes critics ? " The group posted a video in early August 2008 calling for renewed activity in their protest efforts , and planned a subsequent international protest for August 16 , 2008 . About 35 protesters gathered twice in September 2008 during the first preview and premiere of Arthur Miller 's play All My Sons . They encouraged Scientologist Katie Holmes , wife of Tom Cruise , to leave the Church . The most recent international organized protest was held October 18 , 2008 . Members of Anonymous dressed as zombies , and highlighted what they described as questionable deaths and suicides of Scientologists . 
 
 = = = = December 2008 = = = = 
 
 The film Valkyrie , starring and produced by Tom Cruise , premiered in New York City on December 17 . Entertainment reporter Roger Friedman noted that it was held " in the private screening room at the Time Warner Center . Not the Ziegfield [ sic ] or Loews Lincoln Square , where most premieres are held in public . " The venue was chosen in part to minimize the exposure to Scientology protestors gathered at the Time Warner Center . For the same reason , Cruise arrived at the December 18 Los Angeles screening through an underground tunnel . There were also Scientology protests at the European premiere in Berlin , where one protester got his V for Vendetta mask autographed by Tom Cruise . Chanology participants shared the limelight with a person in a bunny suit protesting against the hero worship of Claus von Stauffenberg . 
 
 = = = 2009 = = = 
 
 
 = = = = January – February 2009 = = = = 
 
 On January 8 , 2009 , an 18 @-@ year @-@ old male member of Anonymous ran into the New York Scientology building shirtless and covered with Vaseline , pubic hair , and toenail clippings . He then proceeded to toss books around and smear the mixture on objects in the building . The man , identified by police as Mahoud Samed Almahadin , was charged with burglary , criminal mischief , and aggravated harassment as hate crimes . Two weeks later , 21 @-@ year @-@ old film student and Anonymous member Jacob Speregen was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal mischief as hate crimes after he filmed Almahadin carrying out his prank . According to his mother and the video , Speregen was filming the event from behind the barricade . Scientology critics Mark Bunker and Jason Beghe disagreed with the individual 's actions . 
 Anonymous organized a 12th global protest against Scientology for January 10 , 2009 , to coincide with the Chanology movement 's first anniversary . On February 10 , 2009 , Anonymous released a statement : " Scientology operatives still continue to paint Anonymous in a negative light as a means of distracting attention from Scientology operations and attempting to discredit those who bring truth to the issues at hand . It just isn ’ t working . " The group claimed credit for leaks of internal Scientology documents that appeared on the website Wikileaks , and announced further global protests for subsequent weekends in February 2009 . Members of Anonymous continued to celebrate the one @-@ year anniversary of the Chanology movement during February 2009 , with protests held in locations including Hemet , California . 
 
 = = = = March – May 2009 = = = = 
 
 On March 3 , 2009 , the Board of Supervisors in Riverside County , California , voted to approve an ordinance which restricts residential picketing there to 30 ft ( 9 @.@ 1 m ) or further from an individual 's residence . The ordinance was originally introduced by Supervisor Jeff Stone , board chairman , in November 2008 , and went through multiple changes . Critics of the ordinance stated that Stone proposed the measure due to favor for Scientology , which has its Hemet compound located in Riverside County . " The whole ordinance is tainted . The reasons behind it are tainted , " said county resident Lirra Bishop . Stone stated the measure was intended for all residents of the county , though he cited protests at Scientology 's Gold Base facility which houses residences and Scientology 's Golden Era Productions as an example of why the ordinance is needed . Protesters at Gold Base have included members of Anonymous , and Scientology officials claimed they were " threatened with violence " . Protesters told the Board of Supervisors that due to the lack of sidewalk near Gold Base , the anti @-@ picketing ordinance would severely hamper the ability to protest outside the Scientology compound . 
 After stating on October 17 , 2008 , that he would plead guilty to involvement in the January 2008 DDoS attacks against Church of Scientology websites , an 18 @-@ year @-@ old self @-@ described member of Anonymous entered a guilty plea related to hacking charges in May 2009 . A release from the US Justice Department said that the individual , a resident of New Jersey , " participated in the attack because he considered himself a member of an underground group called ' Anonymous ' " . Thom Mrozek , a spokesman for the Justice Department , said that the Church of Scientology had cooperated in the investigation . The individual faces a sentencing scheduled for August 2009 . 
 In May 2009 , members of Anonymous told WSMV @-@ TV that they were bullied by off @-@ duty security guards while protesting at a Scientology event in April in Nashville , Tennessee . According to WSMV @-@ TV , a protester stated he was assaulted by three Scientology security guards while on public property , 400 yd ( 370 m ) away from the Scientology building . The Church of Scientology had previously informed the security guards that the protesters were " dangerous people " . A protester was issued three citations by the Scientology security guards , but these were all dismissed by the district attorney . On May 8 , 2009 , WSMV @-@ TV reported that " laws appear to have been broken " in the manner in which the Scientology security guards handled the protesters . The Scientology security guards were not clearly identified as off @-@ duty police officers , and permits for the Scientology event attended by the Anonymous protesters were for the wrong day . " The armed people from the other county are not identified police officers . You 're looking for a problem " , said John M. L. Brown , a Fraternal Order of Police attorney . 
 
 = = = = November 2009 = = = = 
 
 In November 2009 , the New York Post interviewed former Scientologist Mandy Mullen , who had joined the Manhattan organization in 2008 after seeing information on 4chan about Chanology protests . Over the next year , she recalled cases of members being coerced into donating more and more money . When she told her " leader " that she had looked at websites run by anti @-@ Scientology protesters ( and disagreed with them ) , he reportedly replied " That 's like saying I don 't burn niggers , I just like to party with the KKK ! " In Fall 2008 Mullen left the church , joining a group of Chanology protesters across the street . Church of Scientology Manhattan President John Carmichael issued a response the following week , stating " Mandy Mullen 's story about Scientology ... is all lies in the service of Anonymous , a hate group that targets our Church , or even anyone who just falls onto their radar . " On November 13 , 2009 , Independent Australian Senator Nick Xenophon used parliamentary privilege to accuse the Church of Scientology of being a criminal organisation . 
 
 = = = Campaign against Scientology 's tax @-@ exempt status = = = 
 
 A woman who stated she was a member of Anonymous told KNTV that the group has shifted strategy to activities which fight Scientology but are not deemed illegal by the United States government , including an attempt to get the Internal Revenue Service to investigate the Church of Scientology 's 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) tax @-@ exempt status . Another woman from Anonymous told Newsweek that the group plans to accomplish this through a lobbying campaign . United States tax authorities removed the Church of Scientology 's tax @-@ exemption status in 1967 , stating that the organization 's auditing techniques served as a for @-@ profit operation for L. Ron Hubbard . In 1984 , the United States Tax Court ruled that the Church of Scientology was guilty of " manufacturing and falsifying records to present to the IRS , burglarizing IRS offices and stealing government documents , and subverting government processes for unlawful purposes . " The Church of Scientology 's tax @-@ exempt status in the United States was reinstated in 1993 . 
 A member of Anonymous calling herself " Envie " told Today Tonight that the group has longer term plans against the Church of Scientology : " We are incredibly determined ... There are those of us who have been talking about plans for the next 12 to 18 months . " A member of Anonymous calling herself " Sarah " spoke with Radar magazine about a letter @-@ writing campaign : " We 're sending letters to senators and congresspeople requesting that their tax @-@ exempt status be looked at . " 
 
 = = Church of Scientology response = = 
 
 In a January 25 , 2008 statement made to News.com.au , a spokesman for the Church of Scientology said , " These types of people have got some wrong information about us . " A Toronto , Canada spokesperson for the Church of Scientology said she didn 't " give a damn " if the group Anonymous was responsible for disrupting access to the Scientology site . Church spokeswoman Yvette Shank told Sun Media that she thought the Anonymous members were a " pathetic " group of " computer geeks " . On January 26 , 2008 , CNET News reported that Karin Pouw , public affairs director for the Church of Scientology , did not address their specific request for a comment about the denial @-@ of @-@ service attacks but instead only responded to the appearance of the Tom Cruise video on YouTube . Pouw stated that the video consisted of " pirated and edited " excerpts of Cruise from a 2004 Scientology event , and that after the video appeared , there was increased traffic to Scientology sites as shown by top lists compiled by search engines . Pouw went on to state " Those wishing to find out the Church of Scientology 's views and to gain context of the video have the right to search official Church Web sites if they so desire . " 
 On January 28 , 2008 , Radar Online reported that the Church of Scientology asked the U.S. Attorney General 's office in Los Angeles , the Federal Bureau of Investigation , and the Los Angeles Police Department to start a criminal investigation of possible criminal activity related to the DDoS attacks . An unnamed source told Radar that the Church of Scientology argued to law enforcement that the Internet attacks are a form of " illegal interference with business . " Radar also reported that in statements to law enforcement the Church of Scientology emphasized its status as a religious organization in the United States in order to assert that the DDoS attacks can be classed as hate crimes . The day after the Church of Scientology complained to law enforcement about the DDoS attacks , one of the main Project Chanology sites was down , and a message on the site said that their site crashed due to attacks from Scientologists . In a statement issued to Wikinews , a Church of Scientology employee confirmed that actions of Anonymous had been reported to law enforcement : " Activities of Anonymous have been reported to the Authorities and actions are being taken . Their activities are illegal and we do not approve of them . At the same time , our main work is to improve the environment , make people more able and spiritually aware . ... yes , we are taking action . " 
 The Church of Scientology issued a statement explaining the website move to Prolexic Technologies : " The attacks have defaced and rendered inoperable a number of CoS web sites . But as a very wealthy institution , the Church has fought back with technological answers . On January 21 , the Church of Scientology moved its domain to Prolexic Technologies , a group that specializes in protecting Web sites from [ denial of service ] attacks by creating a safe tunnel by filtering all incoming mail and then allowing only clean messages through . " 
 Lee Sheldon of the Church of Scientology of Orlando and Lee Holzinger of the Church of Scientology of Santa Barbara issued similar statements regarding the February 2 , 2008 protests in Florida and California , respectively . Sheldon stated " we recognize the right to legal protest " , and Holzinger said " People have the right to express themselves ... The Church of Scientology has always defended the right of freedom of expression . " Both representatives also expressed concerns regarding the spread of " hate speech " . 
 The Church of Scientology released a statement regarding the February 10 , 2008 worldwide protests , which was published February 7 , 2008 in the St. Petersburg Times . In the statement , the Church of Scientology called the organizers of the protests " cyberterrorists " , and stated : " We take this seriously because of the nature of the threats this group has made publicly . We will take every step necessary to protect our parishioners and staff as well as members of the community , in coordination with the local authorities . " The statement also referred to the actions of members of Project Chanology as " hate crimes " and " religious bigotry " , and in a media release said that the group is guided by Communist Manifesto and Mein Kampf ; one of the organizers of the protest responded to the latter allegation by stating : " I don 't know where they got that from , but I don 't think that 's true considering that I am a capitalist and a Jew " . Pat Harney , spokeswoman for the Church of Scientology in Clearwater , Florida told the St. Petersburg Times : " We are dealing with a worldwide threat ... This is not a light matter . " In preparation for the February 10 , 2008 protests outside Scientology 's spiritual headquarters in Clearwater , the Church of Scientology spent $ 4 @,@ 500 to hire ten off @-@ duty police officers for security . Clearwater Police Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Daly @-@ Watts stated that the off @-@ duty police officers will make sure that protesters do not trespass on Scientology property or violate the law , but will report to police supervisors and not representatives of the Church of Scientology . 
 The Church of Scientology posted a YouTube video claiming that Anonymous are " terrorists " and alleging that Anonymous is perpetrating " hate crimes " against the church . The video does not provide any evidence supporting their claims , and the FBI has not named any suspects for several of the threats mentioned . Anonymous has denied involvement in the more severe accusations . The church also released a DVD containing the YouTube video . The DVD called Anonymous a " dangerous " group and accused them of making threats against Scientology . Men claiming to be from the law firm Latham and Watkins delivered the DVD to family members of at least one person who protested . 
 YouTube user " AnonymousFacts " , which Radar Online described as an associate of Scientology , displayed the names and personal information of several supposed Anonymous members and accused the group of violent threats and terrorism . YouTube quickly took the video down and suspended the " AnonymousFacts " account . 
 The Church of Scientology sought an injunction and a restraining order to prevent Anonymous from protesting on March 15 , 2008 , citing threats allegedly made by Anonymous . Both the injunction and the restraining order were denied . On March 31 , 2008 , Radar Online reported that representatives of law firms delivered legal letters to suspected Anons , often at their homes . The Church filed complaints of trespassing and criminal harassment against Boston organizer Gregg Housh , who was charged with disturbing an assembly of worship , disturbing the peace , and harassment . The District Attorney 's office dropped the harassment charge , and Judge Thomas Horgan issued a continuance without finding for the remaining charges . 
 In a May 8 , 2008 appearance on CNN , Church of Scientology spokesman Thomas W. Davis said that Scientology was " dealing with ninety @-@ six death threats , bomb threats , acts of violence , vandalism " from the group Anonymous . CNN 's John Roberts responded , stating that the Federal Bureau of Investigation found nothing connecting Anonymous to the Church of Scientology 's accusations of violence : " You are leveling these accusations at this group , the F.B.I. , which is looking into it , says it has found nothing to connect this group Anonymous with what you 're talking about , or death threats against members of the church , the F.B.I. at this point says - it has no reason to believe that charges would be leveled against this group . " 
 
 = = Reaction = = 
 
 Andreas Heldal @-@ Lund , founder of the Scientology @-@ critical website and non @-@ profit organization Operation Clambake , released a statement criticizing the digital assault against Scientology . Heldal @-@ Lund commented , " People should be able to have easy access to both sides and make up their own opinions . Freedom of speech means we need to allow all to speak - including those we strongly disagree with . I am of the opinion that the Church of Scientology is a criminal organisation and a cult which is designed by its delusional founder to abuse people . I am still committed to fight for their right to speak their opinion . " He also stated that " Attacking Scientology like that will just make them play the religious persecution card ... They will use it to defend their own counter actions when they try to shatter criticism and crush critics without mercy . " 
 Mark Bunker , an Emmy Award @-@ winning journalist and Scientology critic who runs the website XenuTV.com , posted a video to YouTube and asked Anonymous to tone down their campaign against the Church of Scientology . According to NPR 's Morning Edition , Bunker has " become a revered voice to many members of Anonymous " , and they refer to him as " Wise Beard Man " . Bunker told Newsweek that he was pleased to see a large group of young individuals acting against Scientology , but stated he was also concerned for their safety : " I know the way Scientology works : they 're going to get these people in trouble ... I 'm very concerned about their safety , and I 'm concerned about the Scientologists ' safety , too . " Bunker stated that he has received 6 @,@ 000 emails from individuals who say they are part of Anonymous . Bunker attended the February 10 , 2008 protest against Scientology in Los Angeles . 
 Tory Christman , a critic of Scientology and former Scientologist from 1969 to 2000 , stated she disapproved of illegal tactics but felt encouraged by the new influx of critics of Scientology . Christman told Morning Edition : " It feels like we 've been out in this desert , fighting this group one @-@ on @-@ one by ourselves , and all of a sudden this huge army came up with not only tons of people , thousands of people , but better tools ... " Scientology critic Arnaldo Lerma told the St. Petersburg Times he was impressed by a video of a protest against Scientology which took place in Orlando , Florida : " I 've never seen anything like that before . This is incredible . I wouldn 't have believed it if I didn 't see it on a Web cam . " 
 In a February 4 , 2008 appearance on the G4 television program Attack of the Show ! , Mark Ebner , journalist and author of the book Hollywood , Interrupted , and Nick Douglas of Gawker.com commented on Project Chanology . Ebner stated that " Hacking their site is not really the best way to go about taking them ( the Church of Scientology ) down . Most critics you talk to want the Scientology site to be up there so that people who are interested can see the stupidity they have on the web and at the same time they can go - they are a few keystrokes from getting a thousand other opinions . " Nick Douglas explained that the group decided to shift their strategy away from the attacks to Scientology websites : " Anonymous even decided that they were going to stop that attack , that it was a bad idea . It 's the usual thing they used to do when they really hadn 't had a thought out plan , and here they 're realizing they actually have to figure out some real plan against a real enemy . " 
 University of Alberta professor Stephen A. Kent weighed in on the issue , and said " I think these disruptions probably are illegal . At the very least , they ’ re forms of harassment ... We now have three parties involved . Anonymous , Scientology and law enforcement . " Kent stated that " The hacker community has been angry at Scientology for ( their ) attempts to block free speech on the Internet . " Reaction to the denial of service attack on the Church of Scientology websites was mixed in message board forums for PC World . Some readers praised the actions of Anonymous , while others commented that the DDoS attacks bring more attention to Scientology . The Economist likened the DDoS attacks used by Project Chanology to " cyberwarfare techniques normally associated with extortionists , spies and terrorists " , and referred to Anonymous as " internet activists " . 
 Dan Schultz of PBS 's MediaShift Idea Lab commented that the movement " ... is a really fascinating case study of how current technologies and information dissemination via digital media can snowball into something that actually results in real world action " . In a follow @-@ up piece , Schultz discussed the tools used by digital media to achieve community impact , including lower barriers to entry and greater efficiencies through the use of information systems . Schultz wrote " For members of Anonymous I 'm betting most of these things are already unspoken understandings " , and pointed to their use of memes and cited the forums of the website enturbulation.org as an example of the group 's ability to collaborate effectively to accomplish goals . 
 In a May 8 , 2008 report on the recent actions of Anonymous against Scientology , CNN reporter Kareen Wynter commented : " Legal experts say the church may be facing its biggest challenge yet – trying to protect its image , in a loosely policed medium seen by millions of people . In a July 2008 interview with Entertainment Weekly , Alan Moore had this to say about the use of the Guy Fawkes motif , adopted from his comic V for Vendetta : " I was also quite heartened the other day when watching the news to see that there were demonstrations outside the Scientology headquarters over here , and that they suddenly flashed to a clip showing all these demonstrators wearing V for Vendetta [ Guy Fawkes ] masks . That pleased me . That gave me a warm little glow . " 
 
 = = = Audio / video = = = 
 
 NBC11 Staff ( January 24 , 2008 ) . " Group Wants To Destroy Scientology , Video : ' We Do Not Forgive ' - An anonymous group of hackers , fittingly known as " Anonymous " , has declared war on the Church of Scientology " . KNTV ( NBC Universal , Inc . ) . ( Video broadcast . ) 
 " Know Your Meme : Project Chanology " , Know Your Meme Season 2008 , Episode 13 , " Rocketboom " , YouTube , December 31 , 2008 . ( Video podcast ) 
 Seymour , Brian ( February 7 , 2008 ) . " The Anonymous war on Scientology : The Church of Scientology is already banned in several countries but now it is facing one of its biggest threats from a group called Anonymous . " . Today Tonight ( Yahoo ! News ) . ( Video broadcast ) 
 Wynter , Kareen ( May 8 , 2008 ) . " Attacking Scientology : The Church of Scientology faces a new breed of Internet attacks . Kareen Wynter reports . " . CNN . ( Video broadcast ) 
 Seabrook , Andrea ( January 27 , 2008 ) . " Hackers Target Scientology Web Sites " . All Things Considered ( NPR ) . ( Radio broadcast ) 
 Masters , Kim ; Renée Montagne ( February 7 , 2008 ) . " ' Anonymous Wages Attack on Scientologists : The fight started when the Scientologists tried to get a video of Tom Cruise off the Internet . " . Morning Edition : Digital Culture ( National Public Radio ) . ( Radio broadcast ) 
 Braiker , Brian ( February 11 , 2008 ) . " ' Anonymous ' Takes on Scientology : Online activists take their protest against the Church of Scientology to the streets . " . The Bryant Park Project ( National Public Radio ) . ( Radio broadcast ) 
 Miller , Nancy ; Baker , Chris ( September 30 , 2009 ) . " Storyboard Podcast : The Assclown Offensive " . Wired News . ( Audio podcast ) 
 
 = Transportation in Omaha = 
 
 Transportation in Omaha , Nebraska , includes most major modes , such as pedestrian , bicycle , automobile , bus , train and airplane . While early transportation consisted of ferries , stagecoaches , steamboats , street railroads , and railroads , the city 's transportation systems have evolved to include the Interstate Highway System , parklike boulevards and a variety of bicycle and pedestrian trails . The historic head of several important emigrant trails and the First Transcontinental Railroad , its center as a national transportation hub earned Omaha the nickname " Gate City of the West " as early as the 1860s . 
 During a tumultuous pioneer period characterized by its centrality in proximity to the Western United States , transportation in Omaha demanded the construction of massive warehouses where frontier settlers could stock up and communities west of Omaha got food and supplies to build themselves with . Riverboats and stagecoaches jammed the riverside city with a variety of newcomers , prospectors and shady characters . Early Omaha also landed the Union Pacific Railroad headquarters , leading to its important place in national railroad lore . 
 After quickly growing into a city , Omaha failed to pave its streets accordingly . A chaotic transportation system was highlighted by several miles of successful horsecar tracks ; however , the city only ever had four miles ( 6 km ) of cable car service . Several early suburbs were built on reliance of service from these lines , including Dundee , Benson and Kountze Place . In the early 1880s an extensive boulevard system was built to create a park @-@ like atmosphere for drivers throughout the city . The Trans @-@ Mississippi Exposition in 1889 led to the construction of many new transportation features , particularly the magnificent Burlington Station . 
 In the 1930s the city 's transportation system was marred by violent protests . Transit workers wanted to unionize , and with the main company 's management against any effort to change Omaha 's reputation as a non @-@ unionized city . After the introduction of buses in the early 1950s , streetcars were closed down , and in the last years of the decade the city began construction on its components in the Interstate Highway System . 
 Today Omaha 's transportation system is growing with the city , and trails for bicycles and pedestrians , as well as public transportation , highways and parkways , and other innovations are being developed . The city has a section of the Lincoln Highway listed on the National Register of Historic Places , and there are more than 100 miles ( 160 km ) of Interstate and freeway lanes , more than any other area in the state of Nebraska . 
 
 = = Pioneer period = = 
 
 Omaha was not projected to become a great city or bigger than its neighbor across the Missouri River , Council Bluffs , Iowa . In 1856 a land speculator reported to his East Coast concerns that , 
 " C. Bluffs is steadily growing down towards the river and someday it will be one great city on both sides the river with Rail Road & foot & Carriage Bridges connecting the two – and this is now the hope and talk of the Bluffers . " - J. Barker , 1856 . 
 In August 1859 Abraham Lincoln visited land he had invested in Council Bluffs , and while there did not consider it worth the time to cross the river to the village of Omaha . 
 
 = = = Water traffic = = = 
 
 In 1804 , fifty years before the city of Omaha was founded , the Lewis and Clark Expedition first arrived via the Missouri River . The 1806 Fort Lisa and 1820 Cabanne 's Trading Post were important fur trading outposts located in proximity to the river , along with earlier Fontenelle 's Post in Bellevue . The Engineer Cantonment was built by Captain Stephen Watts Kearny 's Yellowstone Expedition in 1819 . The Expedition 's craft , the Western Engineer , was the first steamboat to successfully venture up the Missouri River to the Omaha @-@ Council Bluffs area . 
 The Missouri was the reason Omaha was founded , and continued to be important to the city 's growth for many years . In 1853 William D. Brown had the first vision for the city , leading him to found the Lone Tree Ferry crossing the Missouri River from Council Bluffs , Iowa . Later the Council Bluffs and Nebraska Ferry Company hired Alfred D. Jones to plat Omaha City , which was among the first settlements in the Nebraska Territory . Along with the Lone Tree Ferry Landing in Downtown Omaha , other ferries were established in the Omaha area at Florence , Saratoga and Bellevue . Large steamboats would carry provisions up the Missouri from St. Louis , stocking the warehouses in Jobbers Canyon and loading the trains of the Union Pacific and at the Omaha Quartermaster Depot , which in turn supplied the U.S. Army 's Department of the Platte . 
 The Banner State was the first steamboat to land materials for building the city in early 1854 , before the city was formally founded . Until 1879 Captain Joseph La Barge was the principal figure among the Missouri steamboat captains in the early years of the city . According to J. Sterling Morton , the golden era for steamboating on the Missouri was from 1855 to 1860 , just before the advent of the railroads . In 1857 , 174 steamboats carrying 13 @,@ 000 tons of freight tied up at Omaha wharves . When Omaha became the outfitting center for Colorado gold seekers headed for Pikes Peak in 1859 , 268 steamboats arrived at Omaha between March and November . 
 With railroads becoming the dominant form of long @-@ range shipping and passenger travel in the early 1870s , riverboats like those in Omaha became obsolete . However , as late at 1949 the steamship Avalon was letting passengers in Omaha , before becoming one of the famous St. Louis steamboats in the 1960s . 
 
 = = = Railroads = = = 
 
 In 1863 , ground was broke near Miller 's Landing on the Missouri River for the First Transcontinental Railroad . Along with local financier Edward Creighton , George Francis Train was the promoter who was mostly responsible for the city landing the railroad . He was made rich from its convenient placement near land that he owned ( near Deer Park . The Union Pacific Railroad has been headquartered in Omaha since its inception in 1867 . In 1872 , Union Pacific opened the first [ railroad ] bridge across the Missouri to Omaha . 
 
 = = = Trails = = = 
 
 In the 1860s and 1870s , the city became a major outfitting center for the major trails that went across Nebraska , including the Oregon , California and Mormon Trails . Jobbers Canyon was built in Downtown Omaha for the purpose of outfitting these migrants . Stagecoach lines had arrived by 1858 , including the Local Stage Coach Company in 1857 , and the Western Stage Company which began its easterly and westerly routes in Omaha . The Pony Express and Wells Fargo lines maintained offices in the city . 
 
 = = = Streets = = = 
 
 Omaha had terrible streets through the late 1880s , which caused many residents to believe the city was not progressing appropriately . This lack of responsiveness by the city government was caused by property owners throughout the city who did not want to pay for improvements . On rainy days stagecoaches would sink up to their hubcaps , and residents wore knee @-@ high boots to wade through the mud , and at times rivers ran through the streets . 
 
 = = = Public transportation = = = 
 
 In 1867 Ezra Millard , Andrew J. Hanscom , and Augustus Kountze formed the Omaha Horse Railway Company to provide horsecar service in the city . By the late 1870s the line had five miles ( 8 km ) of track , 10 cars , 70 horses , 20 employees and 495 @,@ 000 passengers annually . The Omaha Cable Tramway Company was the city 's only cable car , and started in 1884 and ended in 1895 after consolidating with the Horse Railway as the Omaha Street Railway Company . In 1896 the new company disbanded as competitors moved in . An electric car was built by Eurastus Benson between Omaha and Benson specifically to promote that suburbs development during this time . 
 
 = = 1880s - 1950 = = 
 
 
 = = = Streets = = = 
 
 In 1880 only a quarter mile of Omaha 's estimated 118 miles ( 190 km ) of streets were paved . In 1883 Andrew Rosewater , brother of newspaper owner Edward Rosewater , became city engineer and began an ambitious project to modernize city streets . By 1886 the city had 44 miles ( 71 km ) of paved streets , including asphaltum , Colorado sandstone , Sioux Falls granite and wooden blocks . 
 In 1889 Horace W.S. Cleveland proposed that the city of Omaha develop a series of " broad ornamental avenues , known as boulevards or parkways " designed " with a tasteful arrangement of trees and shrubbery at the sides and in the center " , similar to the comprehensive plans of European cities in the mid @-@ 19th century . His plan was accepted by the city 's Parks Commission , resulting in the construction of Omaha 's Prettiest Mile Boulevard in 1892 , and dozens of other boulevards in the through to the present . Today , Fontenelle and Lincoln boulevards are among the many remnants of the early plan ; Sorenson Parkway is a modern version of the historical plan . Saddle Creek Boulevard , currently known as Saddle Creek Road , which was originally the westernmost boulevard in the system . 
 
 = = = Bridges = = = 
 
 While the Union Pacific Missouri River Bridge was the first railroad bridge across the river , the 1 @,@ 400 @-@ foot ( 430 m ) Douglas Street Bridge opened in 1888 as the first road bridge . The East Omaha Bridge was originally opened in 1893 , and rebuilt a decade later in 1903 . The Mormon Bridge was first attempted to be built across the river in 1932 , and failed ; it was finally successfully constructed in 1952 . The South Omaha Bridge opened in 1936 . The Knights of Ak @-@ Sar @-@ Ben operated the Douglas Street Bridge as a toll bridge from 1938 to 1947 . The bridge was removed in 1968 . Traffic was carried by a new girder bridge built in 1966 for I @-@ 480 . The Saddle Creek Underpass , over which is the Dodge Street Overpass , was completed in 1934 by the Works Progress Administration . Over 1 @,@ 175 cubic yards ( 898 m3 ) of dirt were excavated to lower Saddle Creek Road sufficiently to pass under the overpass , which is still in use today . Listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1992 , it is part of the Bridges in Nebraska Multiple Property Submission as well . 
 
 = = = Highways = = = 
 
 In 1889 Otto Baysdorfer built Omaha 's first auto , an electric car . The " Ottomobile " was the first of nearly a dozen car manufacturers eventually started in Omaha . The Ottomobile weighed 265 pounds , had two cylinders , and could achieve a speed of 15 miles per hour . An " Auto Row " developed along Farnam Street and featured dealers , garages , and parts stores . 
 The original Lincoln Highway in Omaha was designated through Omaha in 1913 . Crossing the Missouri River into Omaha on the old Douglas Street Bridge , it traveled west on Dodge Street , then meandered across the state following section lines . Some of these sections were built exclusively to accommodate the highway . Important buildings on the Lincoln Highway in Omaha included the Hupmobile Building , the Nash Building at 902 @-@ 912 Farnam and 901 @-@ 911 Douglas streets , and the Blackstone Hotel at Farnum Street and 36th Street . Additionally , the Rose Blumkin Performance Arts Center at 20th and Farnum Street and the Farnum Street Automobile Row , from 30th to 40th Streets were both important landmarks . 
 In 1930 49 @,@ 128 autos were registered in Omaha ; ten years later 65 @,@ 489 were registered to drive on local streets . 
 After trucks became popular in the 1910s , the Omaha Stockyards grew exponentially . Cattle , hogs and sheep were shipped cheaper by truck than by trains . In 1919 27 % of livestock at the Stockyards was shipped by truck ; by 1940 's it rose to over 75 % . In 1955 the Stockyards became the biggest livestock distribution center in the United States , and almost all of the cattle was shipped by truck . 
 
 = = = Airport = = = 
 
 The aforementioned Baysdorfer provided Omaha with another invention by successfully flying an airship in the city in 1889 . In 1929 a bond was passed that would construct the Omaha Municipal Airport in East Omaha . This was thought to embody the city 's hope for the future ; however , air travel did not become popular in Omaha until the 1960s . The land was swampy and had to be filled in with silt taken from the bottom of Carter Lake . Northwest Airlines started service between Minneapolis and Omaha in 1930 . 
 In the late 1940s Eppley Airfield was completed . In 1959 the airport was named for Eugene C. Eppley , the Omaha Eppley Hotel magnate . Eppley 's estate donated $ 1 million to be used to convert the Omaha Municipal Airport into a jet port . 
 
 = = = Public transportation = = = 
 
 The Omaha and Council Bluffs Railway and Bridge Company was founded in 1886 in order to span the Missouri River . In the late 1880s the city had five franchise companies providing transit services within city limits . They included the Omaha and Southwestern Street Railway Company , which provided services to Kountze Place , Dundee , Bemis Park and the Gold Coast neighborhoods . Short lines ran with limited purposes : one went only to a baseball field at the end of its line , while another ran to and from a park . 
 By 1901 local businessman Gurdon W. Wattles consolidated several of the older horsecar and cable car companies to create the Omaha and Council Bluffs Streetcar Company , which later became the Omaha Traction Company . After receiving a 30 @-@ year franchise from the city of Omaha , the company established a mass transit system that covered the entire city , including commuter trains and interurbans . 
 
 = = = = Traction Company strike = = = = 
 
 Wattles was vehemently opposed to unionization , and in 1909 fought strikes in favor of unionization with hired policemen and rampant violence . By 1934 the Amalgamated Association of Street and Electric Railway Employees was organized in Omaha . 
 However , by April 1935 the fragile truce between pro @-@ open shop management and pro @-@ union forces broke . A long , violent strike ensued . Strikebreakers were hired , and within four days the company rolled out heavily fortified streetcars , complete with windows covered by heavy wire and armed guards on board . While few cars attracted passengers , the cars encountered little resistance . The company resisted calls for arbitration from the Omaha City Council , and continued employing strikebreakers . In early May violence broke out , with rifle attacks , violent beatings and bombings across the city . In June riots broke out throughout the city with mobs burning streetcars , looting and two deaths . The city government lost control of the violence and called in the National Guard , which sent 1 @,@ 800 troops while Governor Robert Cochran declared martial law and ordered the streetcars to stop running . After the governor intervened and Wattles allowed arbitration , a number of agreements were made . However , no changes occurred , and strikebreakers stayed on the job . The violence ended , court cases ensued , and the situation slowly faded away . The Omaha Traction Company never unionized . 
 
 = = = Omaha Belt Line = = = 
 
 The Omaha Belt Line was formed in 1883 by the Union Pacific ; some shady dealings by Jay Gould brought the Belt Line into the control of the Missouri Pacific Railroad by 1885 , when it was constructed with Union Pacific materials under the control of the MoPac . Stations along with Line included the Florence Depot , Webster Street Station and the Ralston Station . Operated by that company until the early 1960s , today the Line is largely abandoned , with a section redeveloped into the recreational MoPac Trail . 
 
 = = 1950 @-@ present = = 
 
 
 = = = Streets = = = 
 
 Starting in 1950 the city has continuously developed and redeveloped its major streets , particularly relying on them for east @-@ west traffic . Major east @-@ west thoroughfares in Omaha include Fort , Ames , Maple , Blondo , Dodge , Pacific , Center , L , Q and Harrison streets . Major north @-@ south thoroughfares in Omaha include North and South 24th streets , 30th street , Saddle Creek Road , and 72nd , 84th , 90th , and 120th streets . South 10th Street is important in South Omaha . 
 
 = = = Highways = = = 
 
 The first long segment of Interstate 80 in Nebraska to be opened was a fifty @-@ mile section between Dodge Street in Omaha and the West Lincoln interchange in 1961 . 
 Construction of the freeway in North Omaha in the 1970s faced many hurdles . Built immediately after the construction of I @-@ 480 , this 4 @-@ mile ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) section was originally supposed to be designated as Interstate 580 . However , the city refused to invest the additional money the federal government required in order to gain the designation . Coupled with social unrest in the 1970s , the highway is blamed for causing a 30 percent housing loss and major increase in crime . The freeway became the route of U.S. Highway 75 and is known locally as the North Freeway . 
 Today , Omaha is well connected to the Interstate Highway System . The city has eleven highway exits along Interstate 80 . From that Interstate drivers can connect to Nebraska Highway 50 , US 275 / NE 92 , I @-@ 680 and I @-@ 480 / US 75 . Continuing north , I @-@ 680 connects with I @-@ 29 near Crescent , Iowa and reconnects with I @-@ 80 near Neola , Iowa ; I @-@ 480 cuts through Downtown Omaha to connect with I @-@ 29 in Council Bluffs , Iowa . The North Freeway also veers from I @-@ 480 , and in 2005 , the Nebraska Department of Roads began a project to bring the I @-@ 480 / US 75 interchange up to Interstate standards . Construction is expected to be complete in 2009 , and it is unknown if the North Freeway will receive an Interstate designation upon completion of the project . 
 There are a number of important arterial roads throughout Omaha . U.S. Route 75 comes south through Omaha from Fort Calhoun along North 30 Street , North Freeway , I @-@ 480 and Kennedy Freeway , exiting through Bellevue . U.S. Route 6 crosses into the city from Council Bluffs on I @-@ 480 , also called the Gerald R. Ford Freeway in honor of the Omaha native son . It then follows Dodge Street , until it intersects South 204th Street , when it runs south towards Gretna . Nebraska Highway 64 assumes the route of the former Military Road northwest out of Omaha , following Maple Road and West Maple Road to converge with US 275 at Waterloo . US 275 becomes Nebraska Highway 92 after crossing the South Omaha Veterans Memorial Bridge , following Missouri Avenue , which then becomes " L " Street . At South 132nd Street , at which point it veers northeast to follow the old Mormon Trail along Industrial Road when it joins West Center Road , crossing the Platte River and continuing westward . 
 In 2005 a portion of the Lincoln Highway in Omaha was listed on the National Register of Historic Places . 
 
 = = = = Traffic monitoring = = = = 
 
 Beginning in fall 2007 there will be more than 30 traffic cameras operating on Omaha area freeways , including one at I @-@ 80 near Gretna and another on West Dodge near 120th Street . Operated by the Nebraska Department of Roads , the sensors and cameras are not used to catch speeders or for other traffic enforcement . The state also operates an extensive traffic operations center that utilizes the cameras to monitor Omaha traffic patterns . Similar to traffic monitoring centers in Lincoln and North Platte , the one in Omaha is the biggest and has the greatest capability to provide traffic information . 
 
 = = = Public transportation = = = 
 
 The Omaha Traction Company , which operated as the Street Railway Company , changed its name to the Omaha Transit Company when streetcar service ended in the city in 1952 . After World War II Omahans preferred their automobiles and new highways . When the Urban Mass Transit Act of 1964 was passed , Omaha 's private transit companies were not able to apply for federal subsidies available to public transit operators . The Omaha Transit Company ceased operations on June 30 , 1972 , when the City of Omaha assumed authority for public transportation in the city . City Transit Lines , another private company in Omaha , went out of business on that day as well . The Metro Area Transit Authority was created by the Nebraska Legislature , consisting of a five @-@ member board appointed by the mayor and confirmed by Omaha 's City Council and the Douglas County Commissioners . It acquired the assets of the Omaha Transit Company and selected assets of the City Transit Lines of Council Bluffs , along with more than $ 3 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 in federal funding . The Authority operates today as Metro Area Transit , or MAT . 
 Today the Authority supervises the level of service , miles and hours of operation within Omaha , and maintains individual service contracts with local authorities outside Omaha . Currently , MAT has three contracts , including the cities of Council Bluffs , Bellevue and the Tri @-@ Communities of Ralston , LaVista and Papillion . 
 MAT recently completed three new transit centers , which function much like airport hubs . Located at Benson Park , Westroads Mall , and Metro Community College in South Omaha , they are designed to bolster the city 's public busing needs . These join existing centers in Midtown and North Omaha . 
 
 = = = = Light rail = = = = 
 
 In recent years the city of Omaha has grown exponentially , and with a renewed focus on public transit , there have been plans for new streetcars and light rail in the city , including a movement initiated by former mayor Hal Daub , which in a 2003 City Council action , failed to reach approval by only one vote . The currently proposed streetcars would cost $ 55 million and run in a 3 @.@ 5 @-@ mile ( 5 @.@ 6 km ) loop through Downtown Omaha and NoDo . It would cost about $ 2 million per year to operate and would serve almost 7 @,@ 000 passengers in its first year . One route would run the cars from Creighton University near 20th and Webster streets , proceeding east to 10th Street , passing by the Qwest Center and moving south to Jackson Street in the Old Market . After that it would then move west to 16th Street and then north to Farnam before returning to 10th Street . 
 
 = = = Air = = = 
 
 Today Eppley Airfield sits on 2 @,@ 650 acres ( 10 @.@ 7 km2 ) and handles approximately 400 flights a week . There are two concourses that hold 20 gates . The airport handled more than 4 @.@ 4 million passengers in 2007 , and as of September 2008 , Southwest Airlines is the largest carrier handling approximately 24 percent of passengers . United is the second @-@ largest carrier , handling approximately 19 percent of passengers . Currently all regularly scheduled flights from Eppley Airfield terminate within the United States . 
 Airlines serving Omaha include American , Delta , Frontier , Southwest , United and US Airways . 
 
 = = = Trails = = = 
 
 Omaha was completely devoid of trails leading up to early 1989 . That year the city began developing trails , and since then the city of Omaha has developed approximately 67 miles ( 108 km ) of paved recreational trails , and another 35 miles ( 56 km ) of trails are scheduled for completion within the next eight years . 
 Paved and unpaved trails and paths are used for recreational and commuter purposes throughout the city . Popular among bicyclists , runners , hikers and recreational walkers , these trails are included in comprehensive plans for the city of Omaha , the Omaha metro area , Douglas County , and long @-@ distance coordinated plans between the municipalities of southeast Nebraska . 
 The Missouri River Pedestrian Bridge will connect Miller 's Landing to Council Bluffs in 2009 . A riverfront trail will run the length of the river from the South Omaha Bridge to N.P. Dodge Park . 
 
 = = = Water traffic = = = 
 
 An anomaly in the city 's transportation is the River City Star , a passenger excursion paddleboat that sails between Omaha and Council Bluffs . The boat is docked at Miller 's Landing near the Qwest Center , near mile marker 617 on the Missouri River . 
 Marinas for public usage are operated by the Omaha Parks and Recreation Department . Dodge Park , located in North Omaha , has 326 slips , while the new Riverfront Marina in Downtown Omaha has 31 . Levi Carter Park , which has a long history as a water haven , offers non @-@ restricted boating for jet skis , recreational boating and water skiing . No wake boating allowed available at Lake Cunningham , Standing Bear Lake or Zorinsky Lake ; however , these lakes offer opportunities for sailing , fishing and pleasure boating . Cunningham Lake offers a small marina where rental boats are available . 
 The Port of Omaha was located downtown where Miller 's Landing is now . In addition to handling outbound barge shipments of grain , it also handled inbound shipments of steel and asphalt . 
 The Omaha District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers operates from the city . 
 
 = = Image gallery = = 
 
 
 
 = Clocks ( song ) = 
 
 " Clocks " is a song by British alternative rock band Coldplay . It was written and composed , as a collaboration between all the members of the band , for their second album , A Rush of Blood to the Head . Built around a piano riff , the song features cryptic lyrics of contrast and urgency themes . Several remixes of the track exist and its riff has been widely sampled . 
 " Clocks " debuted to critical and commercial success , with critics mainly commenting on the song 's piano melody . It was released in the United Kingdom as the third single from A Rush of Blood to the Head , where it reached number nine in the UK Singles Chart . It was released in the United States as the album 's second single , it reached number 29 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 9 on Billboard 's Modern Rock Tracks chart . It won the Grammy Award for Record of the Year . 
 
 = = Background and writing = = 
 
 " Clocks " was written and composed during the late stages of production of Coldplay 's second album , A Rush of Blood to the Head . A riff popped into Chris Martin 's mind late one night in Liverpool when he came in to the studio , where he then developed it on piano . According to Martin , " Clocks " was inspired by the English rock band Muse . Martin presented the riff to the band 's guitarist , Jonny Buckland , who then added a layer of guitar chords to the basic track : " He picked up his guitar [ a sure sign that he likes a song ] and played these brilliant chords ... It was like a chemical reaction process . " ( The syncopated piano arpeggio that gives the song its signature sound also bears a similarity to a syncopated arpeggio that is repeated several times in Alex De Grassi 's 1981 instrumental " Clockwork . " ) 
 Before writing and composing " Clocks , " the band had already written 10 songs for the album . But as they thought it was too late for the song 's inclusion in the album , since A Rush Of Blood To The Head was nearing completion , they recorded a demo and saved it with other unfinished tracks , labeling it " Songs for # 3 ; " the band projected these tracks for what would be their third album . 
 By June 2002 , Coldplay were ready to present the album to their record label Parlophone . However , Martin felt it was " rubbish ; " they were so far from being completely satisfied with the album that both the band and Parlophone delayed the release . After a headlining tour , Coldplay went on working " Songs for # 3 . " Phil Harvey , a friend of Martin and the band 's manager , heard it and egged him on to rework " Clocks " immediately . With lyrics that speak of urgency , Harvey pointed out that its meaning would contradict Martin 's idea of stashing the track . Thus persuaded by Harvey , Martin then further developed " Clocks , " while other band members supplemented their ideas based on the main piano track , adding bass and drums . Coldplay recorded the song very quickly , since they were running after the postponed schedule of A Rush of Blood to the Head , which was released two months later . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 " Clocks " has a repeating piano melody , and features a minimalist soundscape of drums and bass guitar . Martin applied an ostinato , with emphasis that imitates a three against two polyrhythm , as well as a descending scale on the piano chord progression , which switches from major to minor chords . The music of " Clocks " is also provided using synthesizers and a sparse string arrangement . 
 The themes of the lyrics include contrast , contradictions and urgency . According to Jon Wiederhon of MTV News , " Martin seems to address the helplessness of being in a dysfunctional relationship he doesn 't necessarily want to escape . " The lyrics are cryptic ; the ending lines of the second verse emphasize contradicting emotion : " Come out upon my seas / Cursed missed opportunities / Am I a part of the cure / Or am I part of the disease ? " The song 's title also " metaphorically alludes " to its lyrics , " pushing one to wonder about the world 's obsession with time while connecting it to the theory : make the best of it when we ’ re here , present and alive . " 
 The song is in the key of E flat Mixolydian , with a main chord progression of E ♭ - B ♭ m - Fm . 
 
 = = Personnel = = 
 
 Chris Martin – lead vocals , piano , synthesizer 
 Jonny Buckland – electric guitar 
 Guy Berryman – bass guitar 
 Will Champion – drums , backing vocals 
 
 = = Release and music video = = 
 
 Coldplay released " Clocks " in Europe on 24 March 2003 as the album 's third single . The single was issued with two B @-@ sides : " Animals , " which was one of the band 's favourite songs performed on tour but was not included in the album , and " Crests of Waves . " The single 's cover , created by Sølve Sundsbø as with the album 's and its other singles , is a portrayal of Chris Martin . Across the United States , while preparing " The Scientist " as the album 's second release , Coldplay 's US label felt the song failed to " provide enough of a blood rush for American listeners ; " instead , they released " Clocks " as the second single in the US . 
 A music video was filmed in support of the song . It was directed by British film maker Dominic Leung , and shot at Docklands ' ExCeL Building in London . It features the band performing the song , with a laser show , in front of a staged audience , mostly local college students . Stage effects and blue @-@ red light transitions give the video a surreal feel , while a stoic crowd make up the audience . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 The song received acclaim from music critics . Rob Sheffield , in his review of the album for Rolling Stone magazine , said : that " [ guitarist ] Buckland shines in excellent psychedelic rockers such as ... ' Clocks . ' " David Cheal of The Daily Telegraph said that " Clocks " features a " hypnotic piano riff , a pounding , almost frantic rhythm , and a contagious tune , all building to a gorgeously serene climax with Martin 's floaty voice singing . " Scott Floman , music critic for Goldmine magazine , described the song as " a stunningly pretty piano rocker , absolutely perfect and is simply one of the finest songs of the decade . " 
 " Clocks " won the Record of the Year at the 2004 Grammy Awards . It was nominated for Best Single at the 2003 Q Awards . " Clocks " was ranked at number 68 on Pitchfork 's Top 100 Singles of 2000 @-@ 04 . It was ranked at number 155 on Pitchfork Media 's 500 Greatest Songs of the 2000s list . In October 2011 , NME placed it at number 148 on its list " 150 Best Tracks of the Past 15 Years " . In February 2013 the song was voted by listeners of BBC Radio 6 Music as the greatest song released during the 10 years the station had been broadcasting . 
 The single was successful in radio throughout 2003 and appeared on several singles charts worldwide . In the United Kingdom , the song peaked at number nine and in the United States rose to number 29 . It also reached number seven in Canada and number 28 in Australia . 
 
 = = = The piano riff and its parallels = = = 
 
 " Clocks " has been regarded as one of the finest achievements of Coldplay ; the song 's piano progression remains the band 's signature creation . According to The New York Times , the opening piano arpeggios of " Clocks " have been widely sampled . Also , many of the songs in X & Y feature influences from " Clocks . " Brian Cohen of Billboard magazine noted that " Clocks " served as a " launching pad " for songs featured in X & Y , " several of which echo that track either in structure or feel . " " Speed of Sound , " the first single from Coldplay 's third album , X & Y , is similar to " Clocks , " in that the two songs have the same descending chord progression . According to The New York Times , American singer Jordin Sparks 's 2008 single " No Air " " breathes life into the overfamiliar piano line " from " Clocks . " The song " Should I Go " by American singer Brandy Norwood , from her album Afrodisiac , samples the piano riff of " Clocks , " as does Mexican singer Alejandro Fernández 's 2007 single " Te Voy A Perder . " In 2009 , French DJ David Guetta , featuring Kelly Rowland , released the song " When Love Takes Over , " which has a piano introduction like " Clocks . " A riff similar to " Clocks " was also used for the 2009 song " Shining Down " by Chicagoan hip hop artist Lupe Fiasco and featuring Matthew Santos . An analogous riff can also be heard in the DJ Cahill Remix of the Agnes song I Need You Now . Rolling Stone ranked it # 490 of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time in 2010 . 
 
 = = Usage in media = = 
 
 Throughout 2003 , " Clocks " was featured in various commercials , movies and television programs : from the BBC using a sample to advertise Freeview TV , WWE promos featuring the return of American professional wrestler Kurt Angle , HBO , the 2002 Irish drama film In America , and an episode of the American medical drama television series ER . The song was played in its entirety during the ending credits for the 2003 film Confidence and was also featured on the TV shows The Sopranos , Third Watch , Hindsight , and Family Guy . In late 2003 , the song was used in a trailer for the movie Peter Pan . This song was also used in the 2006 Disney film , The Wild and the 2014 Blue Skies film , Rio 2 . 
 
 = = Reworked version and remixes = = 
 
 A number of versions and remixes of " Clocks " exist . 
 Norwegian duo Röyksopp made a remixed version of the song , pressed on 1000 , limited @-@ edition 12 " vinyl records , 100 of which were made available through the band 's official website . The version placed fifth in the Triple J Hottest 100 , 2003 ( the original version of the song placed 69th the previous year ) . 
 In 2004 , R & B singer Brandy , together with producer Timbaland , sampled " Clocks " for her song " Should I Go " on her fourth studio album Afrodisiac . 
 A remixed cover of the song is included on the soundtrack of the 2007 video game Dance Dance Revolution : Hottest Party for the Wii console . 
 The song , albeit with altered lyrics , appears in the Two and a Half Men episode " Twanging Your Magic Clanger . " 
 Live versions appeared on Coldplay 's live albums Live 2003 , LeftRightLeftRightLeft ( 2009 ) , and Live 2012 . 
 A version of the song in the style of Buena Vista Social Club appears on the 2006 Rhythms del Mundo album . 
 A further version based on the 2006 Rhythms Del Mundo version was released as part of the 2010 album Revival . It features " Lele " of Los Van Van . 
 
 = = Track listings = = 
 
 Official remixes 
 " Clocks " ( Royksopp Trembling Heart Mix ) 
 " Clocks " ( Fedde le Grand Remix ) 
 " Clocks " ( Deep Dish Mix ) 
 " Clocks " ( Gabriel & Dresden ' I Gotta Thank You ' Mix ) 
 " Clocks " ( Tom Middleton 's Cosmos Mix ) 
 " Clocks " ( Judge Jules Remix ) 
 " Clocks " ( David X Mix ) 
 
 = = Charts and certifications = = 
 
 
 
 = Khoo Kheng @-@ Hor = 
 
 Khoo Kheng @-@ Hor ( Chinese : 邱庆河 ; pinyin : Qiū Qìnghé ; Pe ̍ h @-@ ōe @-@ jī : Khu Khìng @-@ hô ; born 2 March 1956 ) is a Malaysian author and speaker on contemporary application of the 500 BC Chinese military treatise , The Art of War , by renowned military strategist Sun Tzu . In the 1990s , Khoo was the first Sun Tzu student in South @-@ east Asia to link and teach the general 's principles in relation to business and management . To date , Khoo has written over 26 business and management books , most of which are based on Sun Tzu 's Art of War as he made it his life 's mission to " suntzunize " as many people as possible . In 1997 , although a Malaysian citizen , he was appointed as honorary Assistant Superintendent of Police by the Singapore Police Force in recognition for his contribution as consultant @-@ trainer to the police force of Singapore . His first novel , Taikor , was nominated by the National Library of Malaysia for the 2006 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award . Since 1999 , Khoo has gone into retirement and occasionally travels in Malaysia and Singapore to share the wisdom of Sun Tzu 's strategies for success and happiness upon requests from his readers and supporters . 
 
 = = Life = = 
 
 
 = = = Early years = = = 
 
 Khoo was born in 1956 in the Penang state of Malaysia . He received his formal education at St. Xavier 's Institution before leaving for Singapore in 1974 , to continue his pre @-@ university education at St. Joseph 's Institution . After completing his studies in 1978 , he worked as a journalist with The Star in Kuala Lumpur until 1980 when he joined Malaysia 's largest sugar refinery , Malayan Sugar Manufacturing Company Berhad , as a personnel manager . 
 To help him in tackle the numerous challenging tasks he faced in Malayan Sugar then , his future wife , Judy Hwang , gave him some notes of her translation of Sun Tzu 's Art of War from Chinese to English , as he is not conversant in Chinese . Khoo immediately took keen interest in the military treatise and began to learn and apply Sun Tzu 's teachings into his work . Throughout his professional career , Sun Tzu 's Art of War was his indispensable guide . Khoo married Judy , a former Taiwanese singer in early 1982 . In 1983 , he moved to Kuala Lumpur as sales and marketing manager . When Asian sugar baron Robert Kuok was invited to turn around the ailing Multi @-@ Purpose group of companies in 1987 , Khoo joined them as administration manager at Magnum Corporation . In 1989 , he left Magnum to head the personnel and administration department of Metroplex Holdings Berhad , where he later became the general manager within just four months , managing The Mall shopping complex . Khoo initiated a series of management and sales policies that enabled The Mall to secure the ' Best Shopping Mall ' award for two years in a row . In the same year , he began writing his first best @-@ seller hit ; War at Work – Applying Sun Tzu 's Art of War in Today 's Business World , which was a collection of memoranda based on Sun Tzu 's Art of War he wrote to his managers at The Mall . 
 From the early 1980s , Khoo tried to pursue a Master of Business Administration ( MBA ) degree from various universities , but all of them rejected his application as he did not possess a first degree for admission . Khoo only had two professional diplomas – a Diploma in Administrative Management and a Certified Diploma in Accounting and Finance from ACCA . He finally received an unconditional offer from the University of Stirling after he impressed the visiting Director of the MBA programme showing how he managed the award @-@ winning shopping mall . In 1989 , accompanied by his wife , he left Malaysia to pursue his MBA studies in Scotland and graduated with Distinction in 1991 . Instead of returning to Malaysia , he went to Singapore again to seek better opportunities there and was offered the job as Director of Operations for Kentucky Fried Chicken ( KFC ) . 
 
 = = = Retrenchment = = = 
 
 In early 1994 , Khoo was retrenched from KFC as a result of an ownership change , despite contributing to increased sales and profitability . He said : 
 Months before leaving my office , I had already looked around for another job , but unfortunately , top jobs are hard to come by . I felt like a ronin then . It occurred to me then that if no daimyo wanted to employ me , then I would be my own little warlord and employ myself . 
 From his home near Outram Park , Khoo set up Stirling Training & Management Consultants Pte Ltd , a training and consultancy firm , which assisted clients in planning and implementing strategies , and motivating their executives through his proprietary " Management : The Sun Tzu Way " programmes . He runs the company with his wife , who handles all the accounting and administration . Half of his time is spent elsewhere , conducting management seminars for businessmen and employees of multinational corporations . Khoo also lectured part @-@ time on Strategic Management for Singapore Institute of Management 's external degree programmes . In early 1999 , he co @-@ authored with Nigel Munro @-@ Smith , a lecturer at RMIT University in Australia , to produce a book titled Reader Friendly Strategic Management that brings out the essentials of strategic management for beginners . 
 
 = = = Early retirement = = = 
 
 In 1999 , at the age of 43 , Khoo decided to ' hang up his sword ' ( as described in his own words ) to live a quiet and leisurely life in Cameron Highlands of Malaysia , with his wife and their " four @-@ legged son , " Bandit , a Yorkshire Terrier to this very day . When asked on his decision to live in the mountains , Khoo said : 
 Life is more than work , work , work or just making money . I don 't want to be like the preacher in the Book of Ecclesiastes who lamented that he looked on all labours that he had laboured to do , and he beheld only vanity and a striving after wind . We may not be very wealthy but we have made enough to live by since we do not subscribe to a lavish lifestyle . So why not have time to do the things we like to do for a change ? 
 The seclusion of his mountain sanctuary offers him a good opportunity to pursue and enjoy his lifelong passion in writing his books wholeheartedly at a leisurely pace . Upon requests from his readers and supporters , Khoo still travels once a month for a few days to " suntzunize " – a term he coined for sharing the wisdom of Sun Tzu 's strategies for success and happiness for his seminar and conference audiences . Khoo has " suntzunized " thousands of " pupils " of his clients , among whom were well @-@ known corporations like AIA , Cisco Systems , Citibank , Hewlett @-@ Packard , Intel , Johnson & Johnson , Port of Singapore Authority , among many others , and also government bodies such as the Prime Minister 's Office of Singapore , Brunei and Malaysia . To keep in touch with his readers , Khoo writes monthly newsletters touching on contemporary issues using Sun Tzu 's perspective . While not travelling in the region to teach , he enjoys writing fiction and has had three fiction books published to date – Taikor , Mamasan and Nanyang . 
 
 = = = Commendation = = = 
 
 As a consultant @-@ trainer to the Singapore Police Force since 1995 , Khoo has taught many police officers in Singapore how to use Sun Tzu 's principles of " Generalship " to be effective leaders and team builders . In 1997 , he was sent for intensive training and thereafter appointed as honorary Assistant Superintendent of Police ( ASP ) in recognition for his contribution to the police force of Singapore . On 1 July 2009 , Khoo was promoted to the hononary rank of Deputy Superintendent of Police for his long years of service to the police force . Khoo was listed as one of the top 50 great minds and thinkers by Great Minds , an American think @-@ tank , for being " one of the outstanding figures in their own fields of endeavours , who have taught and enlightened the minds of other fellow human beings all over the world . " 
 
 = = His works = = 
 
 
 = = = Sun Tzu series = = = 
 
 Sun Tzu ( pinyin : Sun Zi ; c . 544 BC — 496 BC ) was a native of the Qi state ( now Huimin county in Shandong ) during the Spring and Autumn Period of Chinese history , that was characterised by warring factions and a fragmented state . He came to the attention of King He Lu of Wu , who was impressed by his 13 @-@ chapter military treatise , The Art of War . In 512 BC , He Lu made Sun Tzu his Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief of the Wu army . For almost 20 years , the armies of Wu were victorious over their hereditary enemies , the kingdoms of Chu and Yue . In 496 BC , after He Lu died from his wounds in battle , his son , Fu Chai succeeded him . After numerous victories in battles , Fu Chai became arrogant and began to indulge in merrymaking . In time , the king started to disregard Sun Tzu 's counsel and began to distance himself from Sun Tzu . Sensing this , Sun Tzu wisely gave up his position and left Wu for Qi in retirement . Fu Chai and his generals did not follow Sun Tzu 's precepts and his kingdom was subsequently conquered by Chu in 473 BC . Out of shame , Fu Chai committed suicide after he had fled with the remnants of his defeated army . 
 As a contemporary teacher of Sun Tzu 's Art of War , Khoo has written over 26 books on business and management based on its principles such as : 
 Crime Prevention : The Sun Tzu Way ( 2006 ) 
 Win Without Fighting ( 2006 ) 
 Applying Sun Tzu 's Art of War ( 2002 ) – A six handguides collection 
 Sun Tzu : The Keeper of CEO 's Conscience ( 1997 ) 
 Applying Sun Tzu 's Art of War in Corporate Politics ( 1995 ) 
 Sun Tzu and Management ( 1992 ) 
 War at Work : Applying Sun Tzu 's Art of War in Today Business World ( 1990 ) 
 Due to his ability to translate what is a complicated treatise into an easily readable and understandable prose for a beginner , Khoo 's Sun Tzu series were well received and continue to grow in scope and depth in later years . He additionally manages to add realism by injecting real @-@ life situations culled from his 15 years in management , that provoke much thought and encourage readers to assess their own performance , and take positive measures to become more effective in their workplace and interpersonal relationships . 
 
 = = = Novels = = = 
 
 His first novel , Taikor , was released in late 2004 . It is a historical saga of Malaya which traces the years 1922 to 1982 , telling the story of Ya Loong , from his family 's migration from South Thailand to Penang after his father 's death . It was among the 132 entries nominated for the 2006 International IMPAC Dublin Literary Award . 
 His second novel , Mamasan , is about life of those people working in the glitzy world of nightclubbing and their customers who patronise nightclubs . Along with the main tale , Khoo spins other tales covering love , juvenile delinquency , deceit versus honesty , murder , corruption and power abuse of police officers . It was released in April 2007 . 
 His third novel , Nanyang , is a historical saga about the multi @-@ racial people who inhabit the lands of the ' Southern Ocean ' , as early Chinese migrants called Malaya and Singapore . It was seen through the lives of four generations as they toiled and struggled for wealth and power , for their beliefs and freedom , and felt their hopes and dreams for their future and those of their offsprings , as Nanyang eventually became two separate fledging nations . It hit the book stores in October 2007 . 
 
 
 = The Wave ( Miike Snow song ) = 
 
 " The Wave " is a song performed by Swedish indie pop band Miike Snow . It was released as the second single from the band 's second studio album Happy to You ( 2012 ) on 14 May 2012 , through Columbia Records . The song was written and produced by the band . Musically , " The Wave " is an electropop song with marching band influences and autoharp , military drum and piano instrumentation . It features Swedish musician Gustav Ejstes on autoharp and the Swedish Army drum corps on military drums . 
 The song received generally positive reviews from music critics , who commended its catchiness and musical direction . However , some critics were divided regarding lead singer Andrew Wyatt 's falsetto vocals . The single failed to match the commercial performance of Happy to You 's lead single " Paddling Out " ; it only charted on the Flemish Ultratip chart at number 43 . Andreas Nilsson directed the single 's accompanying music video , the second part in a continuous story that began in the " Paddling Out " video . 
 
 = = Background and release = = 
 
 " The Wave " was written and produced by Miike Snow 's three members : Christian Karlsson , Pontus Winnberg and Andrew Wyatt . The song was recorded alongside the rest of their second studio album Happy to You ( 2012 ) during the second half of 2011 . The band had more " creative freedom " while making the album , compared to their 2009 self @-@ titled debut album . They felt they could " plan the process more " , which included inviting the Swedish Army drum corps to play military drums on several tracks , such as " The Wave " . Karlsson told Billboard that his favorite part of the song occurs during the second verse , in which all band members are hitting the drums simultaneously . " We hit anything we could hit at the same time ... and it sounded kind of cool " , he said . Nils Törnqvist is credited for playing the drums , while David Lindberg , Jonathan Lundberg and Claes Malmberg played the military drums . Swedish musician Gustav Ejstes of band Dungen played the autoharp , and the band provided additional instruments , arrangement and programming . Niklas Flyckt mixed the track at Robotberget , Miike Snow 's own studio in Stockholm , Sweden . 
 The song was selected as the second single from Happy to You . Initially , Axtone Records released Thomas Gold 's remix exclusively on the online music store Beatport on 14 May 2012 . A mere week later , a digital extended play ( EP ) was released in Europe through Columbia Records . The release features the radio edit of the original song and remixes by Gold , Brodinski and Style of Eye . The EP was released in the United States on 12 June 2012 , through Universal Republic and Downtown Records . 
 Prior to the release of both their second album and single , the band announced on February 2012 that they were going to play two UK shows in May : Manchester 's HMV Ritz on May 30 and London 's O2 Academy Brixton on May 31 . For their show at the O2 Academy Brixton , the band launched an interactive video of their performance of " The Wave " in which viewers could choose from where in the venue they could experience the show . On September 15 , 2012 , Karlsson and Winnberg were guests on BBC Radio 1 's Essential Mix in which they premiered exclusive new remixes of their songs . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 " The Wave " is a piano @-@ based electropop piece with a " marching band vibe " . Chris Schulz of The New Zealand Herald described it as an " electro @-@ anthem " with a " skittery dubstep throb " . Instrumentation is provided by an autoharp , drums , handclaps , military drums , percussion and a piano . In an interview for Complex , Wyatt said that the song is built in " tsunami form " , stating that " the real pay @-@ off " does not come until the final refrain . According to critic Josh Modell of Spin , the song " dips its toes in the kind of Brit @-@ rock purveyed by Elbow but mixes in some organic , tribal fun à la Yeasayer " . Wyatt sings with falsetto vocals , which Chris Martins of The A.V. Club thought recalled a " sad @-@ faced " Peter Gabriel . In the chorus , Wyatt sings , " My love won 't be saved / We 'll all be staring at the wave " . Winnberg told Billboard that " The Wave " " kind of sums up a lot what Miike Snow is about " . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Critical reception of " The Wave " was generally positive . Adam Markovitz of Entertainment Weekly named it one of the best tracks on Happy to You , while Will Salmon of Clash and Amber Genuske of The Huffington Post called it a standout . Exclaim ! ' s Ashley Hampson deemed it " incredibly catchy " , writing that it " capitalize [ s ] on the falsetto musings of vocalist Andrew Wyatt " . Andy Baber of musicOMH described the track as " much more like the Miike Snow that many came to know and love " . The writer praised the piano and marching drums for " giving the song a sense of direction that the opener lacked " . Caroline Sullivan , writing for The Guardian , commented that " a martial beat , contrastingly languid vocals and a snaggy hookline give ' The Wave ' a toothsome kick " , and Slant Magazine 's Kevin Liedel wrote that the beat " succeeds " . 
 Chris Schulz of The New Zealand Herald said that the song , alongside the album tracks " Paddling Out " and " Bavarian # 1 ( Say You Will ) " , " will swirl around in your head for days and demand repeat plays " . Spin 's Josh Modell named it a highlight of the album ; he wrote that if the album as a whole sounded like " The Wave " , " it could fill arenas " . Chris Martins of The A.V. Club wrote , " Though Wyatt 's vocals recall a sad @-@ faced Peter Gabriel , the song is steeped in the kind of effervescent magic that makes Lykke Li and Peter Bjorn and John stars in their own right . " Evan Sawdey of PopMatters was critical of Wyatt 's vocal performance ; he wrote that " we really get a sense of how Wyatt 's voice hinders the group " . He said that the singer intones the lyrics " somewhat abstractly , but with absolutely no sense of gravity to be found in his voice at all " . 
 " The Wave " only charted on the Flemish Ultratip chart in Belgium ; it debuted at number 84 in the issue dated 30 June 2012 . The following week , the single rose 12 positions to number 72 , and to number 54 the next . In the issue dated 28 July 2012 , its fifth and final week on the chart , it obtained its peak position of number 43 . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 Andreas Nilsson directed the music video for " The Wave " , a continuation of the video for Happy to You 's lead single " Paddling Out " . Picking up where the first part left of , the video follows Jean Noel , a human man who has received plastic surgery from aliens to be transformed into the " perfect specimen " . In an interview for The Creators Project , Nilsson explained how the videos were conceptualized : " The concept of this was born after long evenings of me and the band talking about gene technology in contemporary science . We share a mutual excitement in what 's happening on the medical scene right now . " " The Wave " was filmed before " Paddling Out " , although the latter was released first . Wyatt explained to Billboard , " We really liked [ director ] Andreas 's images and I think they go together in a way that feels truthful with what we do ... and you can read into it in different ways . " 
 The video for " The Wave " begins with the aliens ' spaceship crashing to Earth . The camera then hovers over a playground where dozens of children appear to be dead . Several policemen arrive at the scene and begin to remove the bodies by putting them in wheelbarrows . Meanwhile , Jean Noel is seen running on a desert road . The policemen then begin to dig graves for the corpses . Jean Noel then spots another specimen who looks just like him and the two begin to run . They are soon joined by more specimens before arriving at the playground . By chanting at the policemen , the specimens appear to mind control them into dance . Jean Noel continues to run and stops when he sees the crashed spaceship . The video ends with the band 's jackalope logo . 
 The video was made available for download through the iTunes Store on 13 March 2012 , in conjunction with the digital release of Happy to You . It later premiered on YouTube on 14 March 2012 . It received generally positive reviews . Amber Genuske of The Huffington Post stated that it lacked a plotline , but praised its production . Tom Breihan of Stereogum called it " slapsticky absurdism " and wrote , " I don 't think it 's supposed to be depressing , but it totally is . " 
 
 = = Track listings = = 
 
 Beatport remix download 
 " The Wave " ( Thomas Gold remix ) – 6 : 35 
 Digital EP 
 " The Wave " ( radio edit ) – 3 : 36 
 " The Wave " ( Thomas Gold mix ) – 6 : 35 
 " The Wave " ( Brodinski remix ) – 5 : 00 
 " The Wave " ( Style of Eye remix ) – 5 : 01 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits are adapted from the Happy to You liner notes . 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Washington State Route 516 = 
 
 State Route 516 ( SR 516 ) is a 16 @.@ 49 @-@ mile @-@ long ( 26 @.@ 54 km ) state highway in the U.S. state of Washington , serving communities in southern King County . The highway travels east as the Kent @-@ Des Moines Road and the Kent @-@ Kangley Road from a concurrency with SR 509 in Des Moines through Kent and Covington to an intersection with SR 169 in Maple Valley . SR 516 , designated as part of the National Highway System within Kent , intersects three major freeways in the area : Interstate 5 ( I @-@ 5 ) in western Kent , SR 167 in downtown Kent , and SR 18 in Covington . The roadway , built in the 1890s , was codified in 1937 as Secondary State Highway 1K ( SSH 1K ) from Des Moines to Kent and SSH 5A from Kent to Maple Valley . The two highways were combined during the 1964 highway renumbering to form SR 516 on its current route . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 SR 516 begins in Des Moines at Marine View Drive as SR 509 turns north towards Burien near the East Passage of Puget Sound . The two concurrent highways travel east on the Kent @-@ Des Moines Road past Highline Community College and Mount Rainier High School to an intersection with SR 99 in western Kent , where SR 509 turns south towards Tacoma . Shortly thereafter , SR 516 intersects I @-@ 5 at a partial cloverleaf interchange and continues east onto a four @-@ lane divided highway over the Green River and its pedestrian and bicycle trail into downtown Kent . The highway serves as the southern terminus of SR 181 before intersecting SR 167 in a diamond interchange at the western edge of downtown Kent . SR 516 shifts south onto Willis Street and crosses the Interurban Trail and a BNSF rail line before turning north onto Central Avenue and east onto Smith Street near Kent Station . The highway travels southeast along Mill Creek onto the Kent @-@ Kangley Road and serves as the southern terminus of SR 515 at Kent @-@ Meridian High School before leaving Kent for Covington . SR 516 passes Lake Meridian as 272nd Street and intersects SR 18 at a diamond interchange located in Covington . The highway continues east past Pipe Lake and into Maple Valley before crossing the Cedar to Green River Trail and ending at an intersection with SR 169 . 
 Every year , the Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume . This is expressed in terms of annual average daily traffic ( AADT ) , which is a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . In 2011 , WSDOT calculated that the busiest section of the highway was between SR 181 and the SR 167 interchange , serving 38 @,@ 000 vehicles , while the least busiest section was its western terminus at SR 509 , serving 8 @,@ 900 vehicles . SR 516 between I @-@ 5 and SR 167 within western Kent is designated as part of the National Highway System , which includes roadways important to the national economy , defense , and mobility . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Kent @-@ Kangley Road was built as a wagon road by King County by the late 1890s and was upgraded to a paved highway after being codified as two highways during the creation of the primary and secondary state highways system in 1937 : SSH 1K and SSH 5A . SSH 1K traveled 12 @.@ 76 miles ( 20 @.@ 54 km ) south from U.S. Route 99 and Primary State Highway 1 ( PSH 1 ) through Burien and east through Des Moines to US 99 and PSH 1 in Midway . SSH 5A traveled 14 @.@ 50 miles ( 23 @.@ 34 km ) east from US 99 and PSH 1 in Midway across the Green River into Kent , intersecting SSH 5M , PSH 5 , and SSH 5C , before ending at the Enumclaw – Renton branch of PSH 5 in Maple Valley . The two highways were combined during the 1964 highway renumbering to form SR 516 and codified into law in 1970 . The highway traveled east from SR 509 in Des Moines through I @-@ 5 at Midway , SR 167 in Kent , and SR 18 in Covington to SR 169 in Maple Valley . SR 509 was re @-@ aligned in 1991 onto SR 516 and SR 99 , forming new concurrencies , until the completion of a new north – south freeway . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The entire highway is in King County . 
 
 
 = Stefan Wever = 
 
 Stefan Matthew Wever ( born 22 April 1958 ) is a former professional baseball pitcher . He made his Major League Baseball debut , incidentally his only game , with the New York Yankees in 1982 , and had a 0 – 1 record a 27 @.@ 00 earned run average ( ERA ) , and two strikeouts in that game . 
 Born in West Germany , Wever moved to the United States as a child , where he took up baseball . He played baseball in high school and the University of California , Santa Barbara , which led to him being drafted by the New York Yankees . After four seasons in the minor leagues , Wever made his major league debut on 17 September 1982 . In his debut , he suffered a shoulder injury , which he tried to pitch through for two years before having surgery in 1984 . He tried to come back from the injury in 1985 , but retired . After retiring , he opened a bar in San Francisco , which he continues to run . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Wever was born in Marburg , West Germany in 1958 . He immigrated to the United States with his mother and twin sister at six and lived in Boston until he was 12 , when he moved to San Francisco . He attended Lowell High School , where he played on the school 's baseball team . During his senior year , Wever helped lead the Lowell Cardinals to the city championship game , and he graduated in 1976 . 
 After graduating from high school , Wever was not looked at by college recruiters due to a lack of competition he faced . As a result , he attended the University of California , Santa Barbara on an academic scholarship , and walked on to the school 's baseball team . In three seasons with the Santa Barbara Gauchos , he had 18 wins , 17 losses , 199 strikeouts , and 15 complete games ; the losses and complete games were at that time school records . After his junior year , Wever was drafted by the New York Yankees in the sixth round of the 1979 Major League Baseball draft . He was given a signing bonus of $ 16 @,@ 000 , and officially signed with the team shortly after the draft concluded . 
 
 = = Baseball career = = 
 
 Wever began his professional career in 1979 with the Oneonta Yankees of the New York – Penn League ( NYPL ) . He pitched in ten games for the team , finishing the season with a 6 – 3 record , a 1 @.@ 77 earned run average ( ERA ) , and 70 strikeouts . In the Yankees ' championship series against the Geneva Cubs , he pitched a shutout and threw nine strikeouts to win the first game and help the Yankees win the NYPL Championship . The following year , Wever was promoted to the Fort Lauderdale Yankees of the Florida State League . That year , he had a 7 – 3 record , a 3 @.@ 64 ERA and 94 innings pitched in 15 games . 
 In 1981 , Wever began the season remaining with Fort Lauderdale . He had a 7 – 3 record and a 2 @.@ 00 ERA in 12 games before being promoted to the Nashville Sounds of the Southern League , the Yankees ' AA affiliate . With Nashville , he had a 5 – 2 record and 2 @.@ 05 ERA in nine appearances . Wever 's pitching coach in Nashville was Hall of Famer Hoyt Wilhelm . Wilhelm felt he had the ability but not the confidence to pitch in the majors , and spent his time in Nashville working on that aspect of Wever 's game . The following season , Weber was almost unanimously named to the Southern League All @-@ Star team , thanks to 11 wins and 116 strikeouts through the end of June . He improved to a 16 @-@ 6 record , a 2 @.@ 78 ERA , and 191 strikeouts , won the Southern League Pitcher of the Year award , and accomplished the pitcher 's Triple Crown , leading the league in wins , ERA , and strikeouts . He led Nashville to the Southern League championship , and right after doing so , the Yankees called Weber up to the major leagues . 
 His first and only major league appearance came against the Milwaukee Brewers on 17 September 1982 . The first two batters he faced were Paul Molitor and Robin Yount , both future Hall of Famers , one of only a few players in history to do so . Partway through the first inning , he felt a twinge in his shoulder ; not wanting to leave his first game early , he pitched through it , and allowed five runs in the first . Partway through the third , after three more runs allowed , Wever was taken out of the game . He pitched for 2 ⅔ innings and had eight earned runs , two strikeouts , and three wild pitches . Entering the 1983 season , Wever was projected to be the fifth starter in the Yankees ' starting rotation . Because of continued pain in his shoulder , he instead spent the season with the AAA Columbus Clippers , where he went 1 – 4 with a 9 @.@ 78 ERA in seven appearances . 
 Wever spent 1984 with Fort Lauderdale , where he went 1 – 3 in seven games . After the seven games , he visited Dr. James Andrews , who diagnosed the twinge he suffered two years earlier as a torn rotator cuff and torn labrum ; it explained why he had been throwing 85 mph since the injury , compared to 95 mph beforehand . He had surgery shortly afterward , and spent the rest of the year rehabbing the injury . He attempted a comeback in 1985 with the Albany @-@ Colonie Yankees , and had a 4 @.@ 91 ERA in five games with the team . In June , having continued to pitch through shoulder pain , Wever retired from baseball and ended his professional career . 
 
 = = Post @-@ playing career = = 
 
 After retiring from baseball , Wever returned to school , and earned a bachelor 's degree in English literature from the University of California , Berkeley . He married Melinda in 1988 , and three years later opened up the Horseshoe Tavern , a bar in San Francisco 's Marina District , which he continues to run . 
 While working at his bar , Wever made a return to baseball in a coaching role . He was named varsity baseball coach at Redwood High School in Larkspur , California in 2008 , after having volunteered for the freshman team the year before . He was forced to resign in 2010 due to a diagnosis of large @-@ cell lymphoma . He went on to continue coaching youth baseball camps and leagues , and was bench coach for the San Rafael Pacifics in 2013 . He now spends three days a week feeding the homeless at SF 's St. Anthony 's Dining Room . 
 
 
 = Djedkare Isesi = 
 
 Djedkare Isesi ( known in Greek as Tancherês ) was an Ancient Egyptian pharaoh , the eighth and penultimate ruler of the Fifth Dynasty in the late 25th century to mid 24th century BCE , during the Old Kingdom period . Djedkare succeeded Menkauhor Kaiu and was in turn succeeded by Unas . His relations to both of these pharaohs remain uncertain , although it is often conjectured that Unas was Djedkare 's son owing to the smooth transition between the two . 
 Djedkare likely enjoyed a long reign of over 40 years , which heralded a new period in the history of the Old Kingdom . Breaking with a tradition followed by his predecessors since the time of Userkaf , Djedkare did not build a temple to the sun god Ra , possibly reflecting the rise of Osiris in the Egyptian pantheon . More significantly , Djedkare effected comprehensive reforms of the Egyptian state administration , the first undertaken since the inception of the system of ranking titles . He also reorganised the funerary cults of his forebears buried in the necropolis of Abusir and reformed the corresponding priesthood . Djedkare commissioned expeditions to Sinai to procure copper and turquoise , to Nubia for its gold and diorite and to the fabled Land of Punt for its incense . One such expedition had the earliest recorded instance of oracular divination undertaken to ensure an expedition 's success . The word " Nub " , meaning gold , to designate Nubia is first recorded during Djedkare 's reign . Under his rule , Egypt also entertained continuing trade relations with the Levantine coast and made punitive raids in Canaan . In particular , one of the earliest depictions of a battle or siege scene was found in the tomb of one of Djedkare 's subjects . 
 Djedkare was buried in a pyramid in Saqqara named Nefer Djedkare ( " Djedkare is perfect " ) , which is now ruined owing to theft of stone from its outer casing during antiquity . The burial chamber still held Djedkare 's mummy when it was excavated in the 1940s . Examinations of the mummy revealed that he died in his fifties . Following his death , Djedkare was the object of a cult that lasted at least until the end of the Old Kingdom . He seemed to have been held in particularly high esteem during the mid @-@ Sixth Dynasty , whose pharaohs lavished rich offerings on his cult . Archaeological evidence suggests the continuing existence of this funerary cult throughout the much later New Kingdom period ( c . 1550 – 1077 BCE ) . Djedkare was also remembered by the Ancient Egyptians as the king of vizier Ptahhotep , the purported author of The Maxims of Ptahhotep , one of the earliest pieces of philosophic wisdom literature . 
 The reforms implemented by Djedkare are generally assessed negatively in modern Egyptology as his policy of decentralization created a virtual feudal system that transferred much power to the high and provincial administrations . Some Egyptologists such as Naguib Kanawati argue that this contributed heavily to the collapse of the Egyptian state during the First Intermediate Period , c . 200 years later . These conclusions are rejected by Nigel Strudwick , who says that in spite of Djedkare 's reforms , Ancient Egyptian officials never amassed enough power to rival that of the king . 
 
 = = Attestations = = 
 
 
 = = = Contemporaneous sources = = = 
 
 Djedkare is well attested in sources contemporaneous with his reign . The tombs of many of his courtiers and family members have been discovered in Giza , Saqqara and Abusir . They give insights into the administrative reforms that Djedkare conducted during his reign and , in a few cases , even record letters that the king sent to his officials . These letters , inscribed on the walls of tombs , typically present royal praises for the tomb owner . 
 Another important source of information about Egypt during the reign of Djedkare Isesi is the Abusir papyri . These are administrative documents , covering a period of 24 years during Djedkare 's reign ; they were discovered in the mortuary temples of pharaohs Neferirkare Kakai , Neferefre and queen Khentkaus II . In addition to these texts , the earliest letters on papyrus preserved to the present day also date to Djedkare 's reign , dealing with administrative or private matters . 
 
 = = = Historical sources = = = 
 
 Djedkare is attested in four ancient Egyptian king lists , all dating to the New Kingdom . The earliest of these is the Karnak king list , dating to the reign of Thutmose III ( 1479 – 1425 BCE ) , where Djedkare is mentioned on the fifth entry . Djedkare 's prenomen occupies the 32nd entry of the Abydos King List , which was written during the reign of Seti I ( 1290 – 1279 BCE ) . Djedkare is also present on the Saqqara Tablet ( 31st entry ) where he is listed under the name " Maatkare " , probably because of a scribal error . Djedkare 's prenomen is given as " Djed " on the Turin canon ( third column , 24th row ) , probably because of a lacuna affecting the original document from which the canon was copied during the reign of Ramses II ( 1279 – 1213 BCE ) . The Turin canon credits Djedkare with 28 years of reign . 
 In addition to these sources , Djedkare is mentioned on the Prisse Papyrus dating to the 12th Dynasty ( c . 1990 – 1800 BCE ) . The papyrus records The Maxims of Ptahhotep and gives Djedkare 's nomen " Isesi " to name the pharaoh whom the purported authors of the maxims , vizier Ptahhotep , served . Djedkare was also probably mentioned in the Aegyptiaca , a history of Egypt written in the 3rd century BCE during the reign of Ptolemy II ( 283 – 246 BCE ) by the Egyptian priest Manetho . No copies of the Aegyptiaca have survived to this day and it is known to us only through later writings by Sextus Julius Africanus and Eusebius . Africanus relates that a pharaoh " Tancherês " ( Ancient Greek Τανχέρης ) reigned for 44 years as the eighth and penultimate king of the Fifth Dynasty . Given its position within the dynasty , Tancherês is believed to be the Hellenized name of Djedkare Isesi . 
 
 = = Family = = 
 
 
 = = = Parents = = = 
 
 Djedkare 's parentage is unknown ; in particular his relation with his predecessors Menkauhor Kaiu and Nyuserre Ini cannot be ascertained . Djedkare is generally thought to have been the son of Menkauhor Kaiu , but the two might instead have been brothers and sons of Nyuserre Ini . Another hypothesis suggests that Djedkare and Menkauhor could have been cousins , being sons of Nyuserre and Neferefre respectively . The identity of Djedkare 's mother is similarly unknown . 
 
 = = = Queens = = = 
 
 The name of Djedkare Isesi 's principal wife is not known . An important queen consort whose name is lost was very likely the owner of a large pyramid complex located to the northeast of Djedkare 's pyramid in Saqqara . This could indicate that she was the mother of Djedkare 's successor , Unas , or that Djedkare owed the throne to her . The very high status of this queen is suggested by some features of her funerary complex that are otherwise reserved to kings : her pyramid has its own satellite pyramid , has a causeway leading from a valley temple up to a mortuary temple devoted to the cult of the queen and had an entrance hall pr @-@ wrw , an open courtyard and a square antechamber . Furthermore , some reliefs showing the queen had been reworked with royal insignia and vultures added above her head . Since the construction of the queen 's pyramid was apparently undertaken after the planning of Djedkare 's pyramid and her relief had been reworked , the Egyptologist Klaus Baer suggests that this queen may have ruled after the death of Djedkare , playing an important role in his succession . This is rejected by other Egyptologists , such as Michel Baud , owing to the lack of evidence for a regency or interregnum between Djedkare and Unas . 
 The Egyptologist Wilfried Seipel has proposed that this pyramid was initially intended for queen Meresankh IV , whom he and Verner see as a wife of Djedkare . Seipel contends that Meresankh was finally buried in a smaller mastaba in Saqqara North after she fell into disgrace . Alternatively , Aidan Dodson and Dyan Hilton have proposed that she was a wife of the preceding king , Menkauhor Kaiu . 
 
 = = = Sons = = = 
 
 Only one son of Djedkare Isesi has been identified for certain , Neserkauhor , who bore the title of " eldest beloved king 's son of his body " . Neserkauhor also bore the title of Iry @-@ pat , showing that he was an important member of the royal court , as well as a priestly title " Greatest of the Five in the temple of Thot " , suggesting that he may have been a vizier or had similar occupations . 
 As well as Neserkauhor , there is indirect evidence that princes Raemka and Kaemtjenent are sons of Djedkare based on the dating and general location of their tombs in Saqqara . For example , the tomb of Kaemtjenent mentions vizier Rashepses , who served during the reign of Djedkare . Raemka also bore the title of " king 's son of his body " , almost exclusively reserved to true princes of royal blood . The locations of Raemka 's and Kaemtjenent 's tombs have led some Egyptologists to believe that both princes are sons of queen Meresankh IV buried nearby , who would thus be one of Djedkare 's wives . These conclusions are debated , in particular in the case of Kaemtjenent , whose title of " king 's son " may have been purely honorific . 
 A high official named Isesi @-@ ankh could have been yet another son of Djedkare Isesi , as suggested by his name meaning " Isesi lives " . Yet , similarities in the titles and locations of the tombs of Isesi @-@ ankh and Kaemtjenent have led Egyptologists to propose that they could instead be brothers and sons of Meresankh IV , or that the former is a son of the latter . Even though Isesi @-@ ankh bore the title of " king 's son " , the Egyptologists Michel Baud and Bettina Schmitz argue that this filiation was fictitious , being only an honorary title . 
 Finally , the successor of Djedkare , Unas , is thought to have been his son in spite of the complete lack of evidence bearing on the question . The main argument in favor of this filiation is that the succession from Djedkare Isesi to Unas seems to have been smooth , as suggested indirectly , for example , by the Abusir papyri . Indirect evidence also comes from the reliefs of Unas ' causeway , which show many officials bearing names incorporating " Isesi " , suggesting at the very least that Unas did not perceive Djedkare as an antagonist . 
 
 = = = Daughters = = = 
 
 Several daughters of Djedkare Isesi have been identified by the title of " king 's daughter of his body " and the general date of their tomb . These include Kekheretnebti , whose filiation is clearly indicated by her other title of " Beloved of Isesi " , Meret @-@ Isesi , Hedjetnebu , and Nebtyemneferes . Less certain is the filiation of Kentkhaus III , wife of vizier Senedjemib Mehi , who bore the title of " king 's daughter of his body " . It is debated whether this title indicates a true filiation or if it is only honorary . 
 
 = = Chronology = = 
 
 The relative chronological position of Djedkare Isesi as the eighth and penultimate ruler of the Fifth Dynasty , succeeding Menkauhor Kaiu and preceding Unas on the throne , is well established by historical sources and confirmed by archaeological evidence . 
 The duration of Djedkare 's reign is much less certain . Djedkare 's time on the throne is well documented by the Abusir papyri , numerous royal seals and contemporary inscriptions ; taken together , they indicate a fairly long rule for this king . While the Turin canon credits him with 28 years of reign , there is direct evidence for an even longer reign . Several artefacts and inscriptions have been uncovered relating to Djedkare 's rejuvenation or " sed " festival , normally celebrated only after 30 years of reign . For example , the tomb of one of Djedkare 's viziers , Senedjemib Inti , relates construction works undertaken during the year of the 16th cattle count in preparation for the festival ceremonies . An alabaster vase now on display at the Louvre museum bears an inscription celebrating Djedkare 's first sed festival , indicating in all likelihood that he reigned beyond his 30th year on the throne . 
 One of the Abusir papyri was found to be dated to the " Year of the 22nd Count , IV Akhet day 12 " , constituting Djedkare 's latest known date . This date might correspond to any time from the 32nd year of Djedkare 's reign up to his 44th year on the throne , depending on whether the cattle count was once every two years or once every year and a half . The higher estimate is close to Manetho 's 44 @-@ year figure credited to Tancherês , the Hellenized name of Djedkare , although this may just be coincidental . Modern estimates thus put Djedkare 's reign length as certainly more than 33 years and , if the cattle count was regularly biennial , at least 42 to 44 years . This makes Djedkare the longest reigning king of the Fifth Dynasty . 
 
 = = Reign = = 
 
 The reign of Djedkare Isesi heralded a new period in the history of the Old Kingdom . First , Djedkare Isesi did not build a sun temple , as his predecessors had done since the time of Userkaf , some 80 years earlier . This may be a result of the increased prominence of Osiris compared with the sun god Ra during the late Fifth Dynasty . The importance of this cult becomes manifest when the Pyramid Texts of the pyramid of Unas are inscribed a few decades later . In this context , it is perhaps noteworthy that the only known statue of Djedkare Isesi was discovered in the ruins of the temple of Osiris , in Abydos . Another manifestation of the winds of change during Djedkare 's time on throne is the confirmation of the relocation of the royal necropolis from Abusir , where it had been since the reign of Sahure , to Saqqara , where Menkauhor Kaiu , Djedkare and his successor , Unas , built their pyramids . Abusir may have become overcrowded by the time of Menkauhor 's accession and the capital may have been shifted south to Saqqara along with the royal necropolis around the same time . The abandonment of Abusir as a royal necropolis and the termination of sun temple building are possibly related given the close association between the two since the reign of Userkaf . 
 
 = = = Domestic reforms = = = 
 
 During his reign Djedkare effected significant reforms of the state administration and priesthood , in particular that pertaining to the funerary cults in the necropolis of Abusir . These evolutions are witnessed by changes in priestly titles and more broadly , in the system of ranking titles of high officials , which was modified for the first time in its existence . For example , the priesthood of the royal pyramids was reorganized , with Djedkare changing the titles and functions of the priests from " priest of king " to " priest of the pyramid " . Princes of royal blood could once more hold administrative titles , a prerogative they had lost during the early Fifth Dynasty . At the same time , viziers could now hold the prestigious titles of Iry @-@ pat and Haty @-@ a and , as " overseer of the royal scribes " , became the head of the scribal administration . At least one vizier , Seshemnefer III , even bore the title of " king 's son of his body " , one of the most distinguished titles at the time and normally reserved to princes of royal blood . Yet neither Seshemnefer III 's father nor his mother seems to have belonged to the royal family . For the period spanning the reign of Djedkare until that of Teti , viziers were furthermore responsible for the weaponry of the state , both for military and other purposes . Following the reforms undertaken by Djedkare , three viziers would be in office at the same time : two in the Memphite region and a Southern one , the " governor of Upper Egypt " , with a seat at Abydos . In total six viziers were appointed during Djedkare 's reign . 
 Lower ranking officials lost power during the late Fifth Dynasty and were frequently limited to holding only one high title , a departure from the preceding period . Such functions as " overseer of the granary " and " overseer of the treasury " disappear from the record some time between Djedkare 's reign and that of Teti , while men of lower status became head of the legal administration . Consequently , the viziers concentrated more power than before while lower echelons of the state administration were reduced . At the same time , the size of the provincial administration was increased , and it also became more autonomous from the central government . In particular , the nomarchs were responsible in their provinces for performing works hitherto conducted by Memphite officials . 
 
 = = = Building activities = = = 
 
 The main building activity undertaken during the reign of Djedkare Isesi was the construction of his pyramid complex in Saqqara . Djedkare also either completed or undertook restoration works in the funerary complex of Nyuserre Ini in Abusir , as indicated by a now damaged inscription , which must have detailed Djedkare 's activities on the site . Further building works took place in Abusir during the second half of Djedkare 's reign following the curious decision by members of the royal family to be buried there rather than next to Djedkare 's pyramid in Saqqara . A group of mastabas was thus constructed for princess Kekheretnebti and her daughter Tisethor , princess Hedjetnebu , the courtiers Mernefu and Idu , who was buried with his wife Khenit , and prince Neserkauhor . 
 Djedkare Isesi also undertook building activities in relation with his " sed " festival as indicated by a decree that he sent to his vizier Senedjemib Inti on the year of the 16th cattle count , praising him for his work . The decree mentions the construction of a broad rectangular court or artificial lake for the jubilee of the king , some 1000 cubits long and 400 cubits wide , amounting to c . 525 m × 231 m ( 1 @,@ 722 ft × 758 ft ) . The court was located within the precincts of a palace built for the ceremonies of the " sed " festival , which was probably located in the vicinity of his pyramid . Another decree addressed to Senedjemib Inti and later inscribed on the walls of his mastaba records the decoration of a chapel of Hathor in the palace of the king . This chapel was most likely built during his reign . 
 Djedkare may have left some of his monuments unfinished at his death , as suggested by several relief @-@ bearing blocks inscribed with his name and which were found reused in the pyramid of king Unas . Their original setting remains unknown . 
 
 = = = Activities outside Egypt = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Expeditions to mines and quarries = = = = 
 
 Three or four rock inscriptions dating to Djedkare 's reign have been found in the Wadi Maghareh in Sinai , where mines of copper and semi @-@ precious stones were exploited throughout the Old Kingdom , from the Fourth until the Sixth Dynasty . These inscriptions record three expeditions sent to look for turquoise : the earliest one , dated to the third or fourth cattle count – possibly corresponding to the sixth or eighth year of Dejdkare 's reign – explicitly recalls the arrival of the mining party to the " hills of the turquoise " after being given " divine authority for the finding of semi @-@ precious stones in the writing of the god himself , [ as was enacted ] in the broad court of the temple Nekhenre " . This sentence could indicate the earliest known record of an oracular divination undertaken in order to ensure the success of the expedition prior to its departure , Nekhenre being the sun temple of Userkaf . Another inscription dating to the year of the ninth cattle count – possibly Djedkare 's 18th year on the throne – shows the king " subduing all foreign lands . Smiting the chief of the foreign land " . The expedition that left this inscription comprised over 1400 men and administration officials . Some Egyptologists have proposed that these men were also sent to mine copper . 
 These expeditions departed Egypt from the port of Ain Sukhna , on the western shore of the Gulf of Suez , as revealed by papyri and seals bearing Djedkare Isesi 's name found on the site . The port comprised large galleries carved into the sandstone serving as living quarters and storage places . The wall of one such gallery was inscribed with a text mentioning yet another expedition to the hills of turquoise in the year of the seventh cattle count – possibly Djedkare 's 14th year on the throne . 
 South of Egypt , Djedkare dispatched at least one expedition to the diorite quarries located 65 km ( 40 mi ) north @-@ west of Abu Simbel . Djedkare was not the first king to do so , as these quarries were already exploited during the Fourth Dynasty and continued to be so during the Sixth Dynasty and later , in the Middle Kingdom period ( c . 2055 BCE – c . 1650 BCE ) . 
 Djedkare probably also exploited gold mines in the Eastern Desert and in Nubia : indeed , the earliest mention of the " land of gold " – an Ancient Egyptian term for Nubia – is found in an inscription from the mortuary temple of Djedkare Isesi . 
 
 = = = = Trade relations = = = = 
 
 Egypt entertained continuing trade relations with the Levant during Djedkare 's reign , possibly as far north as Anatolia . A gold cylinder seal bearing the serekh of Djedkare Isesi together with the cartouche of Menkauhor Kaiu is now on display at the Museum of Fine Arts , Boston . The seal , whose gold may originate from the Pactolus river valley in western Anatolia , could attest to wide ranging trade @-@ contacts during the later Fifth Dynasty , but its provenance remains unverifiable . 
 Trade contacts with Byblos , on the coast of modern @-@ day Lebanon , are suggested by a fragmentary stone vessel unearthed in the city and bearing the inscription " King of Upper and Lower Egypt , Djedkare [ living ] forever " . A biographical inscription discovered in the tomb of Iny , a Sixth Dynasty official , provides further evidence for an Egyptian expedition to Byblos during Djedkare 's reign . Iny 's inscription relates his travels to procure lapis lazuli and lead or tin for pharaoh Merenre , but starts by recounting what must have been similar events taking place under Djedkare . 
 To the south of Egypt , Djedkare also sent an expedition to the fabled land of Punt to procure the myrrh used as incense in the Egyptian temples . The expedition to Punt is referred to in the letter from Pepi II Neferkare to Harkuf some 100 years later . Harkuf had reported that he would bring back a " dwarf of the god 's dancers from the land of the horizon dwellers " . Pepi mentions that the god 's sealbearer Werdjededkhnum had returned from Punt with a dwarf during the reign of Djedkare Isesi and had been richly rewarded . The decree mentions that " My Majesty will do for you something greater than what was done for the god 's sealbearer Werdjededkhnum in the reign of Isesi , reflecting my majesty 's yearning to see this dwarf " . 
 Djedkare 's expedition to Punt is also mentioned in a contemporaneous graffito found in Tumas , a locality of Lower Nubia some 150 km ( 93 mi ) south of Aswan , where Isesi 's cartouche was discovered . 
 
 = = = = Warfare = = = = 
 
 Not all relations between Egypt and its neighbors were peaceful during Djedkare 's reign . In particular , one of the earliest known depictions of a battle or city being besieged is found in the tomb of Inti , an official from the 21st nome of Upper Egypt , who lived during the late Fifth Dynasty . The scene shows Egyptian soldiers scaling the walls of a near eastern fortress on ladders . More generally , ancient Egyptians seem to have regularly organised punitive raids in Canaan during the later Old Kingdom period but did not attempt to establish a permanent dominion there . 
 
 = = Pyramid = = 
 
 Djedkare built his pyramid in South Saqqara . It was called Nefer Isesi or Nefer Djedkare in Ancient Egyptian , variously translated as " Isesi / Djedkare is beautiful " or " Isesi / Djedkare is perfect " . It is known today as " Haram el @-@ Shawwâf El @-@ Kably " , meaning " the Southern Sentinel pyramid " , because it stands on the edge of the Nile valley . 
 The pyramid originally comprised six or seven steps made of irregular and roughly hewn limestone blocks and mortar , of which only three survive . This core was overlaid by casing stones of white Tura limestone , which have been stolen in antiquity . At the time of its construction the pyramid stood 52 m ( 171 ft ) high with a base length of 78 @.@ 75 m ( 258 @.@ 4 ft ) and an inclination angle of 52 ° . 
 In the interior of the pyramid a descending passage led , behind three granite portcullises , to an antechamber , three magazine rooms and the burial chamber . In it , pieces of alabaster and a faience bead on a gold thread were discovered as well as many fragments of what was originally a large sarcophagus of dark grey basalt . The sarcophagus was sunk into the floor of the burial chamber together with a niche for the canopic chest of the king to its north @-@ east . An almost complete mummy was discovered in the remnants of the sarcophagus . An examination by Ahmed Batrawi of these skeletal remains , excavated in the mid @-@ 1940s under the direction of Abdel Salam Hussein , suggests that Djedkare died at the age of 50 to 60 years old . 
 To the east of the pyramid , Djedkare 's mortuary temple was laid out . The east facade of the mortuary temple was flanked by two massive stone structures , which resemble the later pylons . The mortuary temple is connected via a yet unexcavated causeway to a valley temple . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 
 = = = Impact of the reforms = = = 
 
 For Nigel Strudwick , the reforms of Djedkare Isesi were undertaken as a reaction to the rapid growth of the central administration in the first part of the Fifth Dynasty which , Baer adds , had amassed too much political or economic power in the eyes of the king . Joyce Tyldesley sees the reign of Djedkare Isesi as the very beginning of a decline in the importance of the king , in conjunction with the gradual rise of the power wielded by the high and provincial administration . Concurrent with this trend is a process of decentralization , with local loyalties slowly superseding allegiance to the central state . Since offices and in particular , the vizierate , could be inherited the reforms of Djedkare Isesi created a " virtual feudal system " as Nicolas Grimal writes , with much power in the hands of a few puissant officials . This is best witnessed by the large , magnificent mastaba tombs that Djedkare 's viziers built . In this context , Djedkare 's reforms of the ranking system might have been an attempt at maintaining a sprawling administration under control , yet ultimately failed . For some Egyptologists , such as Naguib Kanawati , this failure contributed in no small part to the fall of the Old Kingdom , but others , including Strudwick , believe the reasons of the collapse must be sought elsewhere as the power of an administration official never approached that of the king . 
 The reforms of Djedkare Isesi played an important role in flourishing of the arts during the later Old Kingdom , as artisans and craftsmen could now find many wealthy patrons beyond the king . This created a surge in the number of commissions leading to a general improvement of the artistic works . This also provided the artisans with a new wealth , which they used to build their own large funerary complexes . 
 
 = = = Funerary cult = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Old Kingdom = = = = 
 
 Djedkare Isesi was the object of a funerary cult established at his death and which lasted until the end of the Old Kingdom nearly 200 years later . Provisions for this cult were produced in several agricultural estates set up during Djedkare 's reign . The names of some of these estates have been found inscribed on the walls of the tombs of his courtiers : " Ra desires that Isesi lives " , " Heqa desires that Izezi live " , " Perfect of emulation is Isesi " , " The mnza @-@ vessel of Djedkare " , " Perfect of favors is Isesi " , " Seshat makes Isesi live " , " The Ka of Isesi is foremost " , " Dominion belongs to Izezi " , " Work of the command of Izezi " , " Bastet wishes that Izezi lives " , " Horus perpetuates Izezi " , " The offerings of Izezi " , and " Izezi is one who loves life " . 
 Djedkare seems to have been held in high esteem during the Sixth Dynasty . For example , Merenre Nemtyemsaf I chose to place his pyramid complex close to that of Djedkare . In addition , the South Saqqara Stone , a royal annal dating to the reign of Merenre or of his successor Pepi II , records rich offerings being made to Djedkare on behalf of the king . An estimated 92 % of the text inscribed on the stone was lost when it was roughly polished to be reused as a sarcophagus lid , possibly in the late First Intermediate ( c . 2160 – 2055 BC ) to early Middle Kingdom period ( c . 2055 – 1650 BC ) . 
 More generally , an historical or literary tradition concerning events in the time of Djedkare seems to have flourished toward the end of Old Kingdom as can be inferred from the tombs of Harkuf and Iny . These two officials were in charge of expeditions to foreign lands – Punt and Byblos – under Merenre I and Pepi II and both relate similar expeditions that took place during the time of Djedkare Isesi . 
 
 = = = = New Kingdom = = = = 
 
 The funerary cult of Djedkare Isesi enjoyed a revival during the New Kingdom ( c . 1550 – 1077 BCE ) . For the early part of this period , this is best attested by the Karnak king list , a list of kings commissioned by pharaoh Thutmose III . The list was not meant to be exhaustive , rather it gave the names of Thutmose 's forefathers whom he wanted to honor by dedicating offerings . 
 For the later New Kingdom , a relief from the Saqqara tomb of the priest Mehu , dating to the 19th or 20th Dynasty shows three gods faced by several deceased pharaohs . These are Djoser and Sekhemket , of the Third Dynasty and Userkaf , founder of the Fifth Dynasty . He is followed by a fourth king whose name is damaged but which is often read " Djedkare " or , much less likely , " Shepseskare " . The relief is an expression of personal piety on Mehu 's behalf , who prayed to the ancient kings for them to recommend him to the gods . 
 
 
 = Route 261 ( Delaware – Pennsylvania ) = 
 
 Delaware Route 261 ( DE 261 ) and Pennsylvania Route 261 ( PA 261 ) , also known as Foulk Road , is a 6 @.@ 88 @-@ mile ( 11 @.@ 07 km ) state highway running through Delaware and Pennsylvania . DE 261 runs 4 @.@ 62 miles ( 7 @.@ 44 km ) through New Castle County , Delaware from an interchange with U.S. Route 202 ( US 202 ) and DE 141 north of Interstate 95 ( I @-@ 95 ) near Fairfax , Delaware , a community north of Wilmington , northeast to the Pennsylvania state line . The road runs through suburban areas of Brandywine Hundred as a four @-@ lane road south of DE 92 and a two @-@ lane road north of DE 92 . At the Pennsylvania state line , Foulk Road becomes PA 261 and continues 2 @.@ 26 miles ( 3 @.@ 64 km ) through Bethel Township in Delaware County , intersecting PA 491 in Booths Corner before ending at an interchange with US 322 . 
 DE 261 was originally designated along Foulk Road in the 1930s . In the 1960s , most of the route was widened into a four @-@ lane road . The southern terminus at US 202 was reconstructed into an interchange in the 2000s . PA 261 was first designated in 1928 along Foulk Road between the Delaware border and PA 61 and PA 161 in Chelsea . The route was extended north along Valley Brook Road to US 1 in Chester Heights by 1940 . The northern terminus of PA 261 was moved to its current location by 1980 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 
 = = = Delaware = = = 
 
 DE 261 begins at an interchange with US 202 and the northern terminus of DE 141 north of Alapocas Run State Park near Fairfax , heading northeast on four @-@ lane divided Foulk Road . The road heads near business parks , becoming an undivided road . The route continues through the suburban Brandywine Hundred area , passing residences along with a few businesses . DE 261 remains a four @-@ lane undivided road through this area , occasionally widening into a divided highway at intersections . The route intersects several roads including Murphy Road , Shipley Road , and Silverside Road . Between Shipley and Silverside roads , the road passes to the west of Brandywine High School . Farther northeast , DE 261 comes to the intersection with DE 92 , at which point it turns north and becomes a two @-@ lane undivided road that passes more homes . The route ends at the Pennsylvania state line . 
 DE 261 has an annual average daily traffic count ranging from a high of 22 @,@ 555 vehicles at the Silverside Road intersection to a low of 10 @,@ 414 vehicles at the Pennsylvania border . None of DE 261 is part of the National Highway System . 
 
 = = = Pennsylvania = = = 
 
 PA 261 begins at the Pennsylvania state line and continues northeast on two @-@ lane undivided Foulk Road through Bethel Township in Delaware County , passing through residential areas as it crosses Zebley Road . In the community of Booths Corner , PA 261 crosses PA 491 , at which point the road passes a few businesses . North of this intersection , the road runs between a tank farm to the west and Bethel Springs Elementary School to the east prior to crossing Bethel Road and entering wooded residential neighborhoods . PA 261 ends at an interchange with US 322 , with Foulk Road continuing north to an intersection with Concord Road , Chelsea Road , and Valley Brook Road . 
 PA 261 has an annual average daily traffic count ranging from a high of 9 @,@ 400 vehicles between the Delaware border and PA 491 to a low of 7 @,@ 200 vehicles between the Bethel Road intersection and US 322 . None of PA 261 is part of the National Highway System . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Delaware = = = 
 
 By 1920 , what is now DE 261 existed as a county road . When Delaware first assigned state highway numbers by 1936 , what is now DE 261 had been upgraded to a state highway , but did not receive a number at that time . By 1938 , DE 261 was designated onto its current alignment between US 202 and the Pennsylvania border , continuing the PA 261 designation . DE 261 was widened into a four @-@ lane road between US 202 and Silverside Road by 1966 . The four @-@ lane portion was extended north to Naamans Road a year later . In summer 2007 , construction on converting the intersection with US 202 into interchange was completed as part of the Blue Ball Properties project , a project undertaken to improve roads in this area as part of AstraZeneca locating their North American headquarters to the area . DE 141 was also realigned to intersect US 202 and DE 261 at this interchange . The total cost of the project was $ 123 million . 
 
 = = = Pennsylvania = = = 
 
 When Pennsylvania first legislated its highways in 1911 , what would become PA 261 was legislated as part of Legislative Route 180 between the Delaware border and Chelsea . PA 261 was first designated in 1928 to run from the Delaware border to PA 61 ( Concord Road ) and PA 161 ( Chelsea Road ) in Chelsea , following Foulk Road . By 1940 , PA 261 was extended north along Valley Brook Road from US 322 ( which replaced PA 61 ) to US 1 in Chester Heights . By 1980 , the northern terminus of PA 261 was truncated to its current location at the interchange with US 322 . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 
 
 = Comair Flight 5191 = 
 
 Comair Flight 5191 , marketed as Delta Connection Flight 5191 , was a scheduled United States ( US ) domestic passenger flight from Lexington , Kentucky , to Atlanta , Georgia , operated on behalf of Delta Connection by Comair . On the morning of August 27 , 2006 , at around 06 : 07 EDT , the Bombardier Canadair Regional Jet 100ER that was being used for the flight crashed while attempting to take off from Blue Grass Airport in Fayette County , Kentucky , four miles ( 6 kilometers ) west of the central business district of the City of Lexington . 
 The aircraft was assigned the airport 's runway 22 for the takeoff , but used runway 26 instead . Runway 26 was too short for a safe takeoff , causing the aircraft to overrun the end of the runway before it could become airborne . It crashed just past the end of the runway , killing all 47 passengers and two of the three crew . The flight 's first officer was the only survivor . 
 Although not the pilot in command , according to the cockpit voice recorder transcript , the first officer was the pilot flying at the time of the accident . In the National Transportation Safety Board report on the crash , investigators concluded that the likely cause of the crash was pilot error . 
 
 = = Flight details = = 
 
 The flight was sold under the Delta Air Lines brand as Delta Connection Flight 5191 ( DL5191 ) and was operated by Comair as Comair Flight 5191 ( OH5191 ) . It is usually identified as Comair Flight 5191 . 
 The flight had been scheduled to land at Hartsfield @-@ Jackson Atlanta International Airport at 7 : 18 a.m. 
 The aircraft involved was a 50 @-@ seat Bombardier Canadair Regional Jet CRJ @-@ 100ER , serial number 7472 . Manufactured in Canada in January 2001 , it was delivered to the airline on January 30 , 2001 . 
 
 = = Crash = = 
 
 The aircraft was assigned the airport 's Runway 22 for the takeoff , but used Runway 26 instead . Analysis of the cockpit voice recorder ( CVR ) indicated the aircraft was cleared to take off from Runway 22 , a 7 @,@ 003 feet ( 2 @,@ 135 m ) strip used by most airline traffic at Lexington . Instead , after confirming " Runway two @-@ two " , Captain Jeffrey Clay taxied onto Runway 26 , an unlit secondary runway only 3 @,@ 500 feet ( 1 @,@ 100 m ) long , and turned the controls over to First Officer James Polehinke for takeoff . The air traffic controller was not required to maintain visual contact with the aircraft ; after clearing the aircraft for takeoff , he turned to perform administrative duties and did not see the aircraft taxi to the runway . 
 NTSB investigators concluded that the likely cause of the crash was pilot error . The board concluded that Clay and Polehinke ignored clues that they were on the wrong runway , failed to confirm their position on the runway and talked too much , in violation of " sterile cockpit " procedures . Comair later accepted responsibility for the crash , but also placed blame on the airport , for what it called poor runway signs and markings , and the Federal Aviation Administration , which had only one air traffic controller on duty , contrary to a memo it had previously issued to have two workers on overnight shifts . A judge ruled that , since it was owned by county governments , the airport had sovereign immunity and could not be sued by Comair . 
 Based upon an estimated takeoff weight of 49 @,@ 087 pounds ( 22 @,@ 265 kg ) , the manufacturer calculated a speed of 138 knots ( 159 miles per hour or 256 kilometers per hour ) and a distance of 3 @,@ 744 feet ( 1 @,@ 141 m ) would have been needed for rotation ( increasing nose @-@ up pitch ) , with more runway needed to achieve lift @-@ off . At a speed approaching 100 knots ( 120 mph ) , Polehinke remarked , " That is weird with no lights " referring to the lack of lighting on Runway 26 – it was about an hour before daybreak . " Yeah " , confirmed Clay , but the flight data recorder gave no indication either pilot tried to abort the takeoff as the aircraft accelerated to 137 knots ( 158 mph ) . 
 Clay called for rotation but the aircraft sped off the end of the runway before it could lift off . It then struck a low earthen wall adjacent to a ditch , becoming momentarily airborne , clipped the airport perimeter fence with its landing gear , and smashed into trees , separating the fuselage and flight deck from the tail . The aircraft struck the ground about 1 @,@ 000 feet ( 300 m ) from the end of the runway . Forty @-@ nine of the 50 people on board perished in the accident ; most of them died instantly in the initial impact . The resulting fire destroyed the aircraft . 
 
 = = Victims = = 
 
 All 47 passengers and two of the three crew members on board the flight died . Comair released the passenger manifest on August 29 , 2006 . 
 Most of the passengers were US citizens from the Lexington area , ranging in age from 16 to 72 . They included a young couple who had been married the previous day and were traveling to California on their honeymoon . 
 A memorial service for the victims was held on August 31 , 2006 , at the Lexington Opera House . A second public memorial service was held on September 10 , 2006 , at Rupp Arena in Lexington . The Lexington Herald @-@ Leader published a list of the victims with short biographies . 
 The Flight 5191 Memorial Commission was established shortly after the crash to create an appropriate memorial for the victims , first responders , and community that supported them . The Commission chose the University of Kentucky Arboretum as its memorial site . 
 
 = = Survivor = = 
 
 James Polehinke , the first officer , suffered serious injuries , including multiple broken bones , a collapsed lung , and severe bleeding . Lexington @-@ Fayette and airport police officers pulled Polehinke out of the wreckage . Polehinke underwent surgery for his injuries , including an amputation of his left leg . Doctors later determined that Polehinke had suffered brain damage and has no memory of the crash or the events leading up to it . As of August 2007 , Polehinke was a wheelchair user . During the same month , Polehinke filed a lawsuit against the airport and the company that designed the runway and taxi lights . A January 2014 episode of Piers Morgan Live reported that Polehinke was paraplegic . 
 The estates or families of 21 of the 47 passengers filed lawsuits against Polehinke . In response , Polehinke 's attorney , William E. Johnson , raised the possibility of contributory negligence on the part of the passengers . When asked by the plaintiffs ' attorney , David Royse , what that meant , Johnson replied that " ... ( they ) ... should have been aware of the dangerous conditions that existed in that there had been considerable media coverage about the necessity of improving runway conditions at the airport . " At the time Johnson submitted the contributory negligence defense , he had not yet been able to speak to Polehinke himself . By the time newspapers reported on the court documents , Johnson said he had already told Royse , who criticized the statements , that he would withdraw the argument . Prior to his employment by Comair , Polehinke worked for Gulfstream International as a captain . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 During the course of its investigation , the Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) discovered that tower staffing levels at Blue Grass Airport violated an internal policy as reflected in a November 16 , 2005 , memorandum requiring two controllers during the overnight shift : one in the tower working clearance , ground , and tower frequencies , and another , either in the tower or remotely at Indianapolis Center , working TRACON ( radar ) . At the time of the accident , the single controller in the tower was performing both tower and radar duties . On August 30 , 2006 , the FAA announced that Lexington , as well as other airports with similar traffic levels , would be staffed with two controllers in the tower around the clock effective immediately . 
 Comair discovered after the accident that all of its pilots had been using an airport map that did not accurately reflect changes made to the airport layout during ongoing construction work . The NTSB later determined that this did not contribute to the accident . Construction work was halted after the accident on the orders of Fayette Circuit Judge Pamela Goodwine in order to preserve evidence in the crash pending the inspection by safety experts and attorneys for the families of the victims . 
 In April 2007 , acting on a recommendation made by the National Transportation Safety Board ( NTSB ) during its investigation of Comair 5191 , the FAA issued a safety notice that reiterated advice to pilots to positively confirm their position before crossing the hold @-@ short line onto the take @-@ off runway , and again when initiating takeoff . And in May , acting on another NTSB recommendation , the FAA advised that pilot training should include specific guidance on runway lighting requirements for take @-@ off at night . 
 The NTSB released several reports on January 17 , 2007 , including transcripts and recordings of the CVR and an engineering report . 
 In April 2007 , the NTSB made four further recommendations , three measures to avoid fatigue affecting the performance of air traffic controllers , and one to prevent controllers from carrying out non @-@ essential administrative tasks while aircraft are taxiing under their control . Although these recommendations were published during the course of the NTSB 's investigation into the accident to Comair Flight 5191 , they were in part prompted by four earlier accidents , and the Board was unable to determine whether fatigue contributed to the Comair accident . 
 In July 2007 , a flying instructor for Comair testified that he would have failed both pilots for violating Sterile Cockpit Rules . Later the same month , the NTSB released its final report into the accident , citing this " non @-@ pertinent conversation " as a contributing factor in the accident . 
 In July 2008 , United States District Judge Karl Forester ruled Delta will not be held liable for the crash , because while Comair is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Atlanta @-@ based airline , Comair maintains its own management and policies , and employs its own pilots . In December of the following year , Forester granted a passenger family 's motion for " partial summary judgment " determining , as a matter of law , that Comair 's flight crew was negligent , and that this negligence was a substantial factor causing the crash of Flight 5191 . 
 Runway 8 / 26 on Blue Grass Airport was closed on March 2009 , and the new 4000 foot runway , runway 9 / 27 , opened on August 4 , 2010 . This runway has been built on a separate location not connected to the runway 22 . 
 Families of 45 of the 47 passengers sued Comair for negligence . ( Families of the other two victims settled with the airline before filing litigation . ) Three sample cases were due to be heard on August 4 , 2008 ; but the trial was indefinitely postponed after Comair reached a settlement with the majority of the families . Cases brought by Comair against the airport authority and the FAA , arguing each should share in the compensation payments , are now resolved . The case against the airport authority was dismissed on sovereign immunity grounds , and this ruling was upheld by the Kentucky Supreme Court on October 1 , 2009 . In Comair 's case against the United States , a settlement was reached with the United States agreeing to pay 22 % of the liability for the crash , while Comair agreed to pay the remaining 78 % . 
 All but one of the passengers ' families settled their cases . After a four @-@ day jury trial in Lexington , Kentucky , that ended on December 7 , 2009 , the estate and daughters of 39 ‑ year ‑ old Bryan Woodward were awarded compensatory damages in the amount of $ 7 @.@ 1 million . While Comair challenged this verdict as excessive , on April 2 , 2010 , Judge Forester overruled Comair 's objections and upheld the verdict . 
 The Woodward case , formally known as Hebert v. Comair , was set for a punitive damages jury trial July 19 , 2010 . In that trial a different jury was to decide whether Comair was guilty of gross negligence that was a substantial factor causing the crash and , if so , the amount of any punitive damages the jury deemed appropriate . The decision to allow a jury trial was reversed in a later hearing , with the judge ruling that the company couldn 't be punished for the " reprehensible conduct " of its pilot . 
 
 = = Probable cause = = 
 
 During a public meeting on July 26 , 2007 , the NTSB announced the probable cause of the accident , as follows : 
 The National Transportation Safety Board determines that the probable cause of this accident was the flight crew members ' failure to use available cues and aids to identify the airplane 's location on the airport surface during taxi and their failure to cross @-@ check and verify that the airplane was on the correct runway before takeoff . Contributing to the accident were the flight crew 's nonpertinent conversations during taxi , which resulted in a loss of positional awareness and the Federal Aviation Administration 's failure to require that all runway crossings be authorized only by specific air traffic control clearances . 
 Captain Clay 's wife strongly disputes laying primary blame on the pilots , stating that other factors contributed , " including an under @-@ staffed control tower and an inaccurate runway map " . 
 
 = = Similar accidents and incidents = = 
 
 In 1993 , a commercial jet at Blue Grass Airport was cleared for takeoff on Runway 22 but mistakenly took Runway 26 instead . Tower personnel noticed the mistake and canceled the aircraft 's takeoff clearance just as the crew realized their error . The aircraft subsequently made a safe departure from Runway 22 . 
 In January 2007 , a Learjet was cleared to take off at Blue Grass Airport on runway 22 , but mistakenly turned onto runway 26 . Takeoff clearance was canceled by the local controller prior to the start of the takeoff roll . 
 On October 31 , 2000 , the crew of Singapore Airlines Flight 006 mistakenly used a closed runway for departure from Chiang Kai @-@ shek International Airport , Taipei . The Boeing 747 @-@ 400 collided with construction equipment during the takeoff roll , resulting in the deaths of 83 of the 179 passengers and crew on board . 
 
 
 = Berg ( station ) = 
 
 Berg is a station on the Sognsvann Line ( line 6 ) of the Oslo Metro in Norway . Located between Ullevål stadion and Tåsen stations , it is the first station after the Ring Line leaves the Sognsvann Line . The station is located 6 @.@ 1 kilometres ( 3 @.@ 8 mi ) from Stortinget station . Berg is amongst the original stations on the line , and was opened on 10 October 1934 . It was upgraded and rebuilt in the 1990s , when the Sognsvann Line was upgraded from light rail to rapid transit standard . Three accidents have taken place at Berg station , the latest in 2008 . The area around the station is mainly residential . Berg Upper Secondary School is located approximately 100 metres ( 330 ft ) from the station . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Berg station was opened on 10 October 1934 , when the municipally owned company Akersbanerne had completed the Sognsvann Line from Majorstuen to Sognsvann . Residential areas at Sogn , Tåsen and Berg were starting to grow , in pace with a larger suburban development plan . Akersbanerne bought new property along the line , upon which new houses were to be designed by the Norwegian architect Kristofer Lange ( 1886 – 1977 ) . 
 The line was originally double @-@ tracked from Majorstuen to Korsvoll ( now Østhorn ) station and single @-@ tracked from Korsvoll to Sognsvann . On 21 February 1939 , the section from Korsvoll to Sognsvann was upgraded to double tracks , and Korsvoll station had its name changed to Østhorn . 
 In the 1980s , the stations on the Sognsvann Line were rebuilt . The platforms were lengthened from fitting two @-@ car to fitting four @-@ car trains and the platform height was increased . The third rail made it impossible to cross the line at @-@ grade ; an underpass was therefore constructed at Berg station . The station was also redesigned in concrete with steel columns and wooden sheds designed by architect Arne Henriksen . 
 In 1991 , Oslo Sporveier presented plans involving a rapid transit circle line in Oslo , connecting the newly built hospital Rikshospitalet with the rest of the city . A detailed suggestion was presented by Oslo Sporveier in August 1996 . In the local newspaper Aftenposten Aften there was a debate on whether there should be a ring line from Berg along the National Road 150 towards Gaustad over Rikshospitalet , or whether the Ullevål Hageby Line should be extended from John Colletts plass to Rikshospitalet , thereby creating a correspondence with the Sognsvann Line at the new station Forskningsparken . In the first plans , Berg was meant to be a station on the new ring line . This plan was discarded since local residents feared noise pollution and destroyed lawns . Even though Berg was not made a station on the Ring Line , noise shields were put up along the Sognsvann Line . 
 Berg station has seen many accidents and almost @-@ accidents . In 1965 , a deadly accident occurred between Ullevål and Berg stations , when a train ran over a 33 @-@ year @-@ old man walking in the tracks . In 2002 , a 24 @-@ year @-@ old man was run over by a metro train approaching the station . The man survived the accident with minor wounds . In 2008 , a 21 @-@ year @-@ old drunk man was found crawling around on the tracks between the platforms . The police removed him from the station and sent him home in a taxi . 
 
 = = Service = = 
 
 Berg is served by line 6 on the Sognsvann Line , operated by Oslo T @-@ banedrift on contract with Ruter . The rapid transit serves the station every 15 minutes , except in the late evening and on weekend mornings , when there is a 30 @-@ minute headway . Travel time along the 6 @.@ 1 @-@ kilometre ( 3 @.@ 8 mi ) portion to Stortinget in the city center is 11 minutes . 
 The station provides correspondence to the bus lines 23 and 24 at a nearby bus stop in Kaj Munks vei . 
 
 = = Facilities = = 
 
 Berg has two platforms , each with a wooden shed and ticket machines . The sheds are designed by Arne Henriksen in a minimalistic and standardised style with constructions of wood and steel . 
 
 = = = Location = = = 
 
 Berg is located in the borough of Nordre Aker , northeast of the residential area Ullevål Hageby , northwest of Voldsløkka , west of Tåsen , south of Nordberg and east of Sogn . The area Berg is named after an old farm from 1264 with the same name . The street John Colletts allé , starting from John Colletts plass in Ullevål Hageby , ends at Berg station . Kaj Munks vei , as part of the Norwegian National Road 150 , runs parallel with the line from Ullevål stadion via Berg to Tåsen , and continues thereafter towards Nydalen . There are many Swiss chalet and functionalist style houses in the residential area around the station . Berg Upper Secondary School is located 100 metres ( 330 ft ) from the station . 
 
 
 = Adams River ( British Columbia ) = 
 
 The Adams River is a tributary to the Thompson and Fraser Rivers in British Columbia , Canada . Beginning in the Monashee Mountains to the north , the Upper Adams River flows mainly southward and eventually reaches Adams Lake . The Lower Adams River begins at the southern end of the lake and flows into the extreme western end of Shuswap Lake . The river is one of the most important sockeye salmon breeding areas in North America . The run occurs in mid @-@ October and can bring millions of fish to a concentrated area near the river mouth . Excavations of Secwepemc villages on the river have shown a long tradition of habitation and salmon fishing in the area . The river also served as an important transportation route for early logging operations in the watershed . 
 
 = = Course = = 
 
 The headwaters of the Adams are several unnamed glaciers at roughly 2 @,@ 000 metres ( 6 @,@ 600 ft ) elevation in the north @-@ east region of the Monashee Range of the Columbia Mountains . The upper portion of the river flows roughly south and southwest through wetlands and passes through two small lakes , Tumtum and Mica . It has sections of rapids and whitewater , and flows over cataracts below Tumtum Lake . Its flow drops by 5 metres ( 16 ft ) per kilometre in certain sections . After travelling for 94 kilometres ( 58 mi ) and entering the Shuswap Highland , it enters the northern end of Adams Lake . 
 Adams Lake is roughly 72 kilometres ( 45 mi ) along its north @-@ south axis , and reaches a maximum depth of 457 metres ( 1 @,@ 499 ft ) , making it the 24th deepest lake in the world . The Lower Adams issues from the extreme southern end of the lake and travels 11 kilometres ( 6 @.@ 8 mi ) through a narrow valley . It empties into Shuswap Lake near the community of Squilax . From Adams Lake to the Shuswap , the Lower Adams drops 60 metres ( 200 ft ) in elevation . 
 
 = = = Tributaries = = = 
 
 Tributaries of the Upper Adams include : 
 Oliver Creek 
 Dudgeon Creek 
 Sunset Creek 
 Fisher Creek 
 Adams Lake and the Lower Adams are fed by : 
 Cayenne Creek 
 Sinmax Creek 
 Momich River 
 Hiuihill ( Bear ) Creek 
 Nikwikwaia ( Gold ) Creek 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Secwepemc = = = 
 
 The Secwepemc people have lived in the Adams River valley for millennia . A 1977 study by the provincial government along the lower river found sixty @-@ six sites with evidence of habitation dating to 2000 BCE . The abundance of the salmon run made the river an important food source and trade commodity for First Nations people in the region . 
 Ethnographer James Teit records that the people of the Adams River area formed a sub @-@ group of the Secwepemc called the " Sxste 'lln " , now known as the Adams Lake Indian Band . The Sxste 'lln moved between summer and winter camps at the outlet of the lower river and the Little River area near Chase . The river 's namesake , Chief Sel @-@ howt @-@ ken ( baptized as Adam by Oblate missionaries ) was a Sxste 'lln leader in the 1860s . Like more than 200 of his people , he died in the 1862 smallpox epidemic . 
 
 = = = Adams River Lumber Company = = = 
 
 Although prospectors , surveyors , and trappers had travelled the region in the 1800s , the first large scale activity in the river valley by Europeans was logging . J.P. McGoldrick , an experienced lumberman from Spokane , established the Adams River Lumber Company in 1909 . He licensed large tracts of timber along both the Upper and Lower rivers , as well as the surrounding plateau . McGoldrick 's company is described as the first major industrial operation in the British Columbia Interior . 
 A camp was built on the upper river and logging operations began at Tumtum Lake . The cut logs were run down the river , then towed in booms by the company owned sternwheeler Helen down Adams Lake . The logs then were run down the Lower river to the mill at Chase . In 1908 , Adams River Logging constructed a " splash dam " at the outlet of the Lower Adams . This dam allowed operators to raise the water level of Adams Lake . When sufficient logs had been collected above the dam , the gates were opened and the resulting flood carried the logs to Shuswap Lake . This proved to be destructive to the salmon run as it damaged the gravel beds the fish use to spawn . 
 In order to move logs from the plateau above the Lower river , Adams River Lumber constructed several flumes . The flumes were elevated wooden troughs filled with water that floated logs down to the valley bottom . The largest of these was at Bear Creek . It incorporated trestles up to 25 metres ( 82 ft ) high and was capable of moving 3 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 metres ( 9 @,@ 800 @,@ 000 ft ) of logs per month . It was the largest flume in North America at its peak . The structures were dismantled after the areas became logged out . 
 Although logging continues in the region , the Adams is no longer used for log transport . 
 
 = = Ecology = = 
 
 
 = = = Flora = = = 
 
 Much of the ecology of the watershed has been affected by wildfires and forestry , and is considered to be in a seral phase . The river travels through several different vegetation zones . In its upper reaches , the Adams flows through the Interior Cedar Hemlock zone . These forests are similar to the coastal forests of British Columbia and contain old @-@ growth trees up to 1000 years in age . Old @-@ growth stands along the river also contain rare species of lichen , likely isolated by the last Ice Age . The floodplain of the Upper Adams contains wetland species of deciduous trees such as black cottonwood as well as a dense layer of shrubs including black twinberry , red @-@ osier dogwood , and thimbleberry . The lower river is dominated by the drier Interior Douglas Fir vegetation zone . Other conifer species present are Ponderosa pine , Engelmann spruce , and alpine fir . The area around the river mouth has been altered by human activities such as farming and livestock grazing . 
 
 = = = Fauna = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Sockeye salmon = = = = 
 
 Adams River sockeye travel from their spawning grounds to the South Thompson River , then into the Fraser River , and enter the Pacific . From the Strait of Georgia , they spend three years in the open ocean following Arctic currents to Alaska and the Aleutian islands . They then retrace their route to the Adams , completing a round trip of over 4 @,@ 000 kilometres ( 2 @,@ 500 mi ) . They complete the arduous trip upstream , including navigating the swift waters and rapids of the Fraser Canyon , in just seventeen days . They do not eat during this period ; instead they rely on fat reserves stored up from heavy feeding in the Strait of Georgia in the late summer . It is at this point that the salmon take on their distinctive red hue , with the male fish also developing large humped backs and aggressive hooked mouths . How they are able navigate back to their natal river is not fully understood , but a highly developed olfactory system is believed to play a part . 
 The alluvial gravel deposits that form the Adams river bottom are ideal for the development of salmon roe and alevins . The temperature and neutral Ph of the water is also well @-@ suited to the sockeye . Shuswap Lake , below the river , is called a " nursery lake " by biologists due to its high concentration of picoplankton , a food source for young salmon . 
 
 = = = = Dominant runs = = = = 
 
 The Adams River run occurs every year , but every fourth year ( called a " dominant " year ) , the numbers are much higher . 2014 was the most recent dominant run . According to Canada 's Department of Fisheries and Oceans , the Fraser River sockeye run of 2010 was the largest since 1913 , numbering an estimated 34 million fish . At least 3 @,@ 866 @,@ 000 of these fish returned to the Adams River to spawn . There is no clear consensus as to why the Adams stock has rebounded so remarkably ( 1991 saw an estimated return of 718 fish ) . In the Globe and Mail , Simon Fraser University biologist John Reynolds said “ [ predicting salmon numbers ] is massively complex , even for a scientist . ” 
 
 = = = = Other fauna = = = = 
 
 The Adams River valley supports large populations of mule deer , with smaller herds of white @-@ tail deer . Black bears are common in the watershed . The bear population grows substantially during the fall as they gather from adjacent valleys to feed on the spawning salmon . In the upper river valley , moose are common , and the headwaters of the river contain grizzly bear habitat . Several species of aquatic mammals are found on the river , including beaver , mink , and river otter . 
 The river 's mouth has populations of Canada geese and swans . Other waterfowl include mallards , green @-@ winged teal , and goldeneye . The river supports Bald eagle and osprey populations , whose eyries can be seen high up in black cottonwood and dead conifers . Grouse , especially ruffed grouse , are numerous throughout the valley . 
 
 = = Protected areas = = 
 
 The Adams passes through the 5 @,@ 733 hectare Upper Adams River Provincial Park and the 1 @,@ 076 hectare Roderick Haig @-@ Brown Provincial Park , which provides trails and platforms for salmon viewing . Human visitors to Roderick Haig @-@ Brown Provincial Park were estimated at 160 @,@ 000 in 2010 . Haig @-@ Brown was a Canadian conservationist , writer and a member of the International Pacific Salmon Fisheries Commission . 
 
 
 = Independence Day ( India ) = 
 
 Independence Day , observed annually on 15 August is a national holiday in India commemorating the nation 's independence from the British Empire on 15 August 1947 . India attained independence following an Independence Movement noted for largely nonviolent resistance and civil disobedience led by the Indian National Congress ( INC ) . Independence coincided with the partition of India , in which the British Indian Empire was divided along religious lines into the Dominions of India and Pakistan ; the partition was accompanied by violent riots and mass casualties , and the displacement of nearly 15 million people due to sectarian violence . On 15 August 1947 , Jawaharlal Nehru , who had become the first Prime Minister of India that day , raised the Indian national flag above the Lahori Gate of the Red Fort in Delhi . On each subsequent Independence Day , the prime minister has raised the flag and given a speech . 
 The holiday is observed throughout India with flag @-@ hoisting ceremonies , parades and cultural events . Indians celebrate the day by displaying the national flag on their attire , accessories and homes ; by listening to patriotic songs , watching patriotic movies ; and bonding with family and friends . Books and films feature the independence and partition in their narrative . There have been threats of terrorist attack on and around 15 August by separatist and militant organisations . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 European traders had established outposts on the Indian subcontinent by the 17th century . Through overwhelming military strength , the British East India company subdued local kingdoms and established themselves as the dominant force by the 18th century . Following the Rebellion of 1857 , the Government of India Act 1858 led the British Crown to assume direct control of India . In the decades following , civic society gradually emerged across India , most notably the Indian National Congress Party , formed in 1885 . The period after World War I was marked by British reforms such as the Montagu – Chelmsford Reforms , but it also witnessed the enactment of the repressive Rowlatt Act and calls for self @-@ rule by Indian activists . The discontent of this period crystallized into nationwide non @-@ violent movements of non @-@ cooperation and civil disobedience , led by Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi . 
 During the 1930s , reform was gradually legislated by the British ; Congress won victories in the resulting elections . The next decade was beset with political turmoil : Indian participation in World War II , the Congress ' final push for non @-@ cooperation , and an upsurge of Muslim nationalism led by the All @-@ India Muslim League . The escalating political tension was capped by Independence in 1947 . The jubilation was tempered by the bloody partition of the subcontinent into India and Pakistan . 
 
 = = = Independence Day before Independence = = = 
 
 At the 1929 Lahore session of the Indian National Congress , the Purna Swaraj declaration , or " Declaration of the Independence of India " was promulgated , and 26 January was declared as Independence Day . The Congress called on people to pledge themselves to civil disobedience and " to carry out the Congress instructions issued from time to time " until India attained complete independence . Celebration of such an Independence Day was envisioned to stoke nationalistic fervour among Indian citizens , and to force the British government to consider granting independence . 
 The Congress observed 26 January as the Independence Day between 1930 and 1946 . The celebration was marked by meetings where the attendants took the " pledge of independence " . Jawaharlal Nehru described in his autobiography that such meetings were peaceful , solemn , and " without any speeches or exhortation " . Gandhi envisaged that besides the meetings , the day would be spent " ... in doing some constructive work , whether it is spinning , or service of ' untouchables , ' or reunion of Hindus and Mussalmans , or prohibition work , or even all these together " . Following actual independence in 1947 , the Constitution of India came into effect on and from 26 January 1950 ; since then 26 January is celebrated as Republic Day . 
 
 = = = Immediate background = = = 
 
 In 1946 , the Labour government in Britain , its exchequer exhausted by the recently concluded World War II , realised that it had neither the mandate at home , the international support , nor the reliability of native forces for continuing to control an increasingly restless India . In February 1947 , Prime Minister Clement Attlee announced that the British government would grant full self @-@ governance to British India by June 1948 at the latest . 
 The new viceroy , Lord Mountbatten , advanced the date for the transfer of power , believing the continuous contention between the Congress and the Muslim League might lead to a collapse of the interim government . He chose the second anniversary of Japan 's surrender in World War II , 15 August , as the date of power transfer . The British government announced on 3 June 1947 that it had accepted the idea of partitioning British India into two states ; the successor governments would be given dominion status and would have an implicit right to secede from the British Commonwealth . The Indian Independence Act 1947 ( 10 & 11 Geo 6 c . 30 ) of the Parliament of the United Kingdom partitioned British India into the two new independent dominions of India and Pakistan ( including what is now Bangladesh ) with effect from 15 August 1947 , and granted complete legislative authority upon the respective constituent assemblies of the new countries . The Act received royal assent on 18 July 1947 . 
 
 = = = Partition and independence = = = 
 
 Millions of Muslim , Sikh and Hindu refugees trekked across the newly drawn borders in the months surrounding independence . In Punjab , where the borders divided the Sikh regions in halves , massive bloodshed followed ; in Bengal and Bihar , where Mahatma Gandhi 's presence assuaged communal tempers , the violence was mitigated . In all , between 250 @,@ 000 and 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 people on both sides of the new borders died in the violence . While the entire nation was celebrating the Independence Day , Gandhi stayed in Calcutta in an attempt to stem the carnage . On 14 August 1947 , the Independence Day of Pakistan , the new Dominion of Pakistan came into being ; Muhammad Ali Jinnah was sworn in as its first Governor General in Karachi . 
 The Constituent Assembly of India met for its fifth session at 11 pm on 14 August in the Constitution Hall in New Delhi . The session was chaired by the president Rajendra Prasad . In this session , Jawaharlal Nehru delivered the Tryst with Destiny speech proclaiming India 's independence . 
 The members of the Assembly formally took the pledge of being in the service of the country . A group of women , representing the women of India , formally presented the national flag to the assembly . 
 The Dominion of India became an independent country as official ceremonies took place in New Delhi . Nehru assumed office as the first prime minister , and the viceroy , Lord Mountbatten , continued as its first governor general . Gandhi 's name was invoked by crowds celebrating the occasion ; Gandhi himself however took no part in the official events . Instead , he marked the day with a 24 @-@ hour fast , during which he spoke to a crowd in Calcutta , encouraging peace between Hindu and Muslim . 
 
 = = Celebration = = 
 
 Independence Day , one of the three national holidays in India ( the other two being the Republic Day on 26 January and Mahatma Gandhi 's birthday on 2 October ) , is observed in all Indian states and union territories . On the eve of Independence Day , the President of India delivers the " Address to the Nation " . On 15 August , the prime minister hoists the Indian flag on the ramparts of the historical site Red Fort in Delhi . Twenty @-@ one gun shots are fired in honour of the solemn occasion . In his speech , the prime minister highlights the past year 's achievements , raises important issues and calls for further development . He pays tribute to the leaders of the Indian independence movement . The Indian national anthem , " Jana Gana Mana " is sung . The speech is followed by march past of divisions of the Indian Armed Forces and paramilitary forces . Parades and pageants showcase scenes from the independence struggle and India 's diverse cultural traditions . Similar events take place in state capitals where the Chief Ministers of individual states unfurl the national flag , followed by parades and pageants . 
 Flag hoisting ceremonies and cultural programmes take place in governmental and non @-@ governmental institutions throughout the country . Schools and colleges conduct flag hoisting ceremonies and cultural events . Major government buildings are often adorned with strings of lights . In Delhi and some other cities , kite flying adds to the occasion . National flags of different sizes are used abundantly to symbolise allegiance to the country . Citizens adorn their clothing , wristbands , cars , household accessories with replicas of the tri @-@ colour . Over a period of time , the celebration has changed emphasis from nationalism to a broader celebration of all things India . 
 The Indian diaspora celebrates Independence Day around the world with parades and pageants , particularly in regions with higher concentrations of Indian immigrants . In some locations , such as New York and other US cities , 15 August has become " India Day " among the diaspora and the local populace . Pageants celebrate " India Day " either on 15 August or an adjoining weekend day . 
 
 = = Security threats = = 
 
 As early as three years after independence , the Naga National Council called for a boycott of Independence Day in northeast India . Separatist protests in this region intensified in the 1980s ; calls for boycotts and terrorist attacks by insurgent organisations such as the United Liberation Front of Assam and the National Democratic Front of Bodoland , marred celebrations . With increasing insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir from the late 1980s , separatist protesters boycotted Independence Day there with bandh ( strikes ) , use of black flags and by flag burning . Terrorist outfits such as Lashkar @-@ e @-@ Taiba , the Hizbul Mujahideen and the Jaish @-@ e @-@ Mohammed have issued threats , and have carried out attacks around Independence Day . Boycotting of the celebration has also been advocated by insurgent Maoist rebel organisations . 
 In the anticipation of terrorist attacks , particularly from militants , security measures are intensified , especially in major cities such as Delhi and Mumbai and in troubled states such as Jammu and Kashmir . The airspace around the Red Fort is declared a no @-@ fly zone to prevent aerial attacks and additional police forces are deployed in other cities . 
 
 = = In popular culture = = 
 
 On Independence Day and Republic Day , patriotic songs in Hindi and regional languages are broadcast on television and radio channels . They are also played alongside flag hoisting ceremonies . Patriotic films are broadcast . Over the decades , according to The Times of India , the number of such films broadcast has decreased as channels report that audiences are oversaturated with patriotic films . The population cohort that belong to the Generation Next often combine nationalism with popular culture during the celebrations . This mixture is exemplified by outfits and savouries dyed with the tricolour and designer garments that represent India 's various cultural traditions . Retail stores offer Independence Day sales promotions . Some news reports have decried the commercialism . Indian Postal Service publishes commemorative stamps depicting independence movement leaders , nationalistic themes and defence @-@ related themes on 15 August . 
 Independence and partition inspired literary and other artistic creations . Such creations mostly describe the human cost of partition , limiting the holiday to a small part of their narrative . Salman Rushdie 's novel Midnight 's Children ( 1980 ) , which won the Booker Prize and the Booker of Bookers , wove its narrative around children born at midnight of 14 – 15 August 1947 with magical abilities . Freedom at Midnight ( 1975 ) is a non @-@ fiction work by Larry Collins and Dominique Lapierre that chronicled the events surrounding the first Independence Day celebrations in 1947 . Few films center on the moment of independence , instead highlighting the circumstances of partition and its aftermath . On the Internet , Google has commemorated Independence Day since 2003 with a special doodle on its Indian homepage . 
 
 
 = The One I Love ( manga ) = 
 
 The One I Love ( Japanese : わたしのすきなひと , Hepburn : Watashi no Sukinahito ) is a romantic , slice @-@ of @-@ life shōjo ( targeted towards girls ) manga by Clamp , an all @-@ female , manga artist team consisting of Satsuki Igarashi , Mokona , Tsubaki Nekoi , and Nanase Ohkawa . Appearing as a monthly serial in the Japanese manga magazine Monthly Young Rose from December 1993 to June 1995 , the twelve stories were collected into a bound volume by Kadokawa Shoten and published in July 1995 . The One I Love contains twelve independent manga stories , each focusing on an aspect of love and accompanied by an essay . Ohkawa wrote the essays while Nekoi illustrated the manga ; it was the first time she primarily illustrated a manga by Clamp . Some of the stories draw on the life experiences of the women while others take inspiration from conversations they had with friends . 
 In 2003 , Tokyopop licensed The One I Love for an English @-@ language translation in North America , and published it in October 2004 . Viz Media republished the manga in February 2015 . The manga has also been translated into other languages . Reviewers have identified a few themes in the collection . They had a range of reactions to The One I Love : some considered it heartfelt entertainment , while others reviewed it less positively , as a badly done take on romance . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Each story of The One I Love consists of seven pages of manga and an accompanying essay . 
 " Different " ( ちがう , Chigau ) : A girl asks to meet her boyfriend in the park after they have had a fight . She wants to apologize , but she does not know what to say . She wears a kimono instead . When she meets her boyfriend , she finds that he is dressed up too ; he had the same idea as she did . 
 " Cute " ( かわいい , Kawaii ) : A girl reflects on the word " cute " with her boyfriend . She cannot visualize " cute , " so she does not understand why it makes her happy when he says that she is cute . 
 " I Miss You " ( あいたい , Aitai ) : A girl has doubts about staying with her boyfriend , who has a very demanding work schedule . In the end , he skips work to visit her , and she decides that their romantic relationship will work out . 
 " A Younger Man " ( としした , Toshishita ) : A young woman working at a bakery reflects on a past unsuccessful relationship with a younger man . In the end , a younger bakery worker asks her on a date , and she is hopeful that their romantic relationship will work out . 
 " Suddenly " ( とつぜん , Totsuzen ) : A girl working in a design company thinks about her past relationships , and one of her coworkers , whom she does not get along with . When a design job goes wrong and that coworker offers his ideas , she realizes that she is in love with him . 
 " Together " ( いっしょに , Isshoni ) : A girl reflects on her childhood sweetheart , who introduced her to playing the harmonica . 
 " Pretty " ( きれい , Kirei ) : A girl panics as she decides what to wear to meet her boyfriend . When she is late to meet him , she realizes that her boyfriend always thinks she is pretty no matter what she wears . 
 " Insecure " ( ふあん , Fuan ) : A girl has a dream about her boyfriend ending their relationship , and she is worried that it is a premonition . 
 " Courage " ( ゆうき , Yûki ) : A girl confesses her love on Valentine 's Day . 
 " Normal " ( ふつう , Futsû ) : A young woman has doubts about getting married to her boyfriend . In the end , she realizes that even if they marry , nothing will change between them . 
 " Apart " ( はなれる , Hanareru ) : A young woman wonders if her long @-@ distance boyfriend is being faithful . In the end , she finds out that he is very dedicated to her . 
 " Marriage " ( けっこん , Kekkon ) : A young woman about to be married is nervous about her future . She is worried that she might change , but her husband reassures her that they will change together . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 The One I Love was developed by Clamp — the all @-@ female , manga artist team consisting of Satsuki Igarashi , Mokona , Tsubaki Nekoi , and Nanase Ohkawa . The group decided on the theme of romance after considering the target audience of the manga magazine Monthly Young Rose , whose editors had asked them for a manga . For The One I Love , Ohkawa wrote the essays , and Nekoi illustrated the manga , the first time she primarily illustrated a series for the group . For costumes , Ohkawa used " Anon non @-@ no Olive " as a reference . Additionally , the preview panels of each story featured different visual motifs , primarily girls and animals . In retrospective , Nekoi self @-@ deprecatingly thought that her illustrations of the female protagonists , including working women , made them resemble junior high students . 
 Some of the stories in The One I Love contain autobiographical elements . " Different " and " Cute " draw on Ohkawa 's personal experiences , while " Together " draws on Mokona 's . Additionally , " Suddenly " is based on her admiration of manga artist Hagiwara Kuzushi 's dedication to his fans . " Normal " , " Apart " , and " Insecure " were inspired by Ohkawa 's conversations with friends , and " I Miss You " has its origins in a conversation with manga artist Okazaki Takeshi , who rarely saw his girlfriend because of his work . " A Younger Man " stems from Ohkawa 's conversation with actor Tonesaku Toshihide and his thoughts on men and age in a relationship . In contrast , " Courage " appeared as a Valentine 's Day story in the February issue of Young Rose ; Clamp rarely had opportunities to create seasonal stories , as the magazine that typically serialized their work did not run seasonal stories . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 Written and illustrated by Clamp , the stories of The One I Love appeared as a monthly serial in Monthly Young Rose from December 1993 to June 1995 . Kadokawa Shoten collected the stories into a bound volume , and published it on July 16 , 1995 . 
 In 2003 , Tokyopop announced that it had licensed The One I Love for an English @-@ language translation , along with four other manga by Clamp ; it published The One I Love on October 12 , 2004 . However , on May 31 , 2011 , Tokyopop shut down its publishing branch in North America , with all of its Japanese manga licenses returned . Viz Media digitally republished the manga on February 10 , 2015 . The One I Love has also been translated into other languages , including French by Editions Tonkam , and German by Egmont Manga & Anime . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 A reviewer for Anime News Network , Mikhail Koulikov wrote that readers would have various reactions to The One I Love : he felt that some would regard it as " charming " and others would find it upsetting that the female protagonists were primarily defined by their worry over their relationships . While considering it one of Clamp 's minor works , he stated that it was " unusual " for including some colored pages when the majority of manga is printed in black and white ; being a slice @-@ of @-@ life manga ; and featuring Tsubaki Nekoi 's art , as prior to the time of his review , most of their works translated into English had been drawn by another member of Clamp . Koulikov wrote that " insecurity and self @-@ doubt " served as the theme of the anthology . Johanna Draper Carlson , a reviewer for Publishers Weekly , wrote that some of the stories were worrisome , particularly one that she felt " justifies having an interest in whatever your boyfriend likes , " and contained stereotypes as a result of limited space . She also stated that the essays included generalizations about women and " quickly become redundant . " In Manga : The Complete Guide , Mason Templar suggested a possible theme of being one 's self in relationships , but felt that it appeared " almost anti @-@ feminist in execution , " as only the female characters underwent a change in behavior . Templar rated the series one @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half out of four stars , and criticized it as a naïve take on romance ; Templar suggested Cardcaptor Sakura , Chobits , or Man of Many Faces as better examples of Clamp 's romantic manga . A reviewer of the French edition wrote that repetitive nature of the stories detracted from the manga 's appeal , and made for a " laborious " reading experience , although the reviewer felt that a " romantic " reader would not mind this . Conversely , another reviewer for Anime News Network , Liann Cooper , wrote that the stories were " incredibly sweet and touching " and were best read a few stories at a time . According to Cooper , The One I Love would appeal to fans of Clamp or shōjo , manga targeted towards girls . 
 
 
 = Hurricane Abby ( 1960 ) = 
 
 Hurricane Abby was the only tropical cyclone in the Caribbean Sea during the 1960 Atlantic hurricane season . The second tropical cyclone and first named storm season , Abby developed on July 10 from a tropical wave in the vicinity of the Lesser Antilles . Abby rapidly intensified into a hurricane after being a tropical storm for less than six hours . It briefly peaked as a category 2 hurricane before weakening back . Abby rapidly weakened to a minimal tropical storm a few days thereafter . The storm re @-@ strengthened into a hurricane as it began to parallel the coast of Honduras . Hurricane Abby made landfall in British Honduras ( present @-@ day Belize ) on July 15 . Abby dissipated over Mexico later the next day . The remnants of Abby ultimately became Hurricane Celeste in the Pacific Ocean . Despite passing through or near several countries , Hurricane Abby had a relatively light impact on land , resulting in just $ 640 @,@ 500 ( 1960 USD , $ 5 @.@ 16 million 2016 USD ) in damage and six fatalities . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 The origins of Hurricane Abby were possibly from a tropical wave that moved in the vicinity of the Lesser Antilles in early July 1960 . Ships and a few weather stations on July 9 reported the existence of a tropical cyclone . On July 9 , it had operationally been classified as a tropical storm upon formation , though a later analysis revealed that it was only a tropical depression . The depression passed near Barbados early on July 10 before rapidly intensifying into a hurricane . Hurricane Abby accelerated toward the west and made landfall in St. Lucia as a minimal category 1 hurricane . Abby emerged into the Caribbean Sea a few hours later . As it headed generally westward , it also gradually strengthened . By July 11 , Hurricane Abby had attained peak intensity as a 100 mph ( 155 km / h ) category 2 hurricane . 
 The intensity of Abby began to gradually level off , though it re @-@ intensified slightly in the Caribbean , before eventually weakening further . Abby was downgraded to a tropical storm on the morning of July 13 ; it was center roughly 222 mi ( 357 km ) south of Kingston , Jamaica at the time . Just six hours thereafter , Abby had maximum sustained winds of only 45 mph ( 75 km / h ) . Abby re @-@ intensified at a relatively quick pace , as it was near hurricane status again when it passed just to the north of Honduras on July 14 . 
 Late on July 14 , Abby had re @-@ intensified into a hurricane . A few hours later , Abby passed over the island of Roatán at about midnight ( EDT ) on July 15 . It made a third and final landfall on July 15 when it moved inland over British Honduras ( presently known as Belize ) as a minimal hurricane . Abby quickly weakened and was downgraded to a tropical storm only a few hours later over land . While Abby approached the border of Guatemala and Mexico , it had weakened further to a tropical depression . Abby dissipated while situated over the Mexican state of Tabasco on July 16 . The remnants crossed over Mexico into the Pacific Ocean and regenerated into Hurricane Celeste on July 20 . Hurricane Celeste lasted for two days in the Pacific before it dissipated on July 22 . 
 
 = = Preparations and impact = = 
 
 
 = = = Lesser Antilles = = = 
 
 There were many watches and warning issued during the passage of Hurricane Abby throughout the Caribbean . Some gale warnings were issued from the Grenadines to Guadeloupe starting on July 10 . Around 1600 UTC later that day , a hurricane watch was issued for the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico . Several hours later , the watch was extended to include Dominican Republic and Haiti . All warnings were discontinued later , after the storm passed by . 
 Hurricane Abby bypassed Barbados a tropical depression , which resulted in minimal effects . Maximum sustained winds on Barbados were reported at 23 mph ( 57 km / h ) , while gusts were recorded up to 37 mph ( 60 km / h ) . There are no other effects known on Barbados . St. Lucia had borne the brunt of the storm when Hurricane Abby made landfall as a category 1 hurricane . Rainfall on the island totaled at 6 @.@ 80 in ( 172 @.@ 7 mm ) . Tropical storm force winds were recorded on the island for the passage of Hurricane Abby on July 10 , though there were no hurricane force winds reported . In addition , a roof collapsed in on a house , killing six of the residents living there . The passage of Hurricane Abby also resulted in $ 435 @,@ 000 ( 1960 USD , $ 3 @.@ 48 million 2016 USD ) of damage on St. Lucia . Martinique was near the path of Hurricane Abby , which resulted in some effects . The Martinique Aimé Césaire International Airport in Fort @-@ de @-@ France recorded rainfall at nearly three inches ( 76 @.@ 2 mm ) , while rain in another village was measured at nearly four inches ( 101 @.@ 2 mm ) . Winds on Martinique were also at least tropical storm force during the passage of Hurricane Abby . However , wind gusts on Martinique were around 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) , greater than that which was observed on St. Lucia . There were also damaged roads and bridges , mainly due to landslides . The island nation of Dominica was also affected by Hurricane Abby . Hurricane Abby produced nearly six in ( 152 @.@ 4 mm ) of rain on the island . Winds were also similar to those that were measured on Barbados . Hurricane Abby left about $ 65 @,@ 000 ( 1960 USD , $ 520 thousand 2016 USD ) in damage to Dominica . 
 
 = = = Greater Antilles and Central America = = = 
 
 It was initially believed that Abby would affect Jamaica with gale force winds and heavy rainfall , and the U.S. Weather Bureau noted that " interests " on the island should monitor the progress of the storm . However , Abby remained far south of the island , and the impact it had on the island , if any , is unknown . Citizens of the Cayman Islands , Central America , and the Yucatan Peninsula were also to remain on alert during the passage of Abby . The U.S. Weather Bureau later warned citizens in British Honduras and Honduras to " take all precautions for the protection of life and property against dangerous winds and abnormally high seas " . 
 Hurricane Abby also produced 1 @.@ 62 in ( 41 @.@ 14 mm ) of rain on Swan Island . On the islands north of Honduras , reports were received until winds reached 52 mph ( 83 @.@ 7 km / h ) , and then communications were lost . In Belize City , which was 75 mi ( 120 @.@ 7 km ) north of where Abby made landfall , wind gusts were reported to 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) . Minor property damage was reported in British Honduras , totaling to BZ $ 6 @,@ 000 ( approximately $ 3 @,@ 000 1960 USD ; $ 24 thousand 2016 USD ) . In addition , agricultural losses reached BZ $ 75 @,@ 000 ( about $ 37 @,@ 500 1960 USD ; $ 300 thousand 2016 USD ) . Although Abby nearly made landfall in Honduras and eventually entered Mexico , no effects were reported , but the U.S. Weather Bureau believed that flooding and there were seas of at least 5 ft ( 1 @.@ 5 m ) above normal . 
 Throughout its path , Abby caused only about $ 600 @,@ 000 ( 1960 USD , $ 4 @.@ 8 million 2016 USD ) in damage and six fatalities . 
 
 
 = 2010 Alabama Crimson Tide football team = 
 
 The 2010 Alabama Crimson Tide football team ( variously " Alabama " , " UA " , " Bama " or " The Tide " ) represented the University of Alabama in the 2010 NCAA Division I FBS football season . It was the Crimson Tide 's 116th overall season , 77th as a member of the Southeastern Conference ( SEC ) and its 19th within the SEC Western Division . The team was led by head coach Nick Saban , in his fourth year , and played their home games at Bryant – Denny Stadium in Tuscaloosa , Alabama . They finished the season with a record of ten wins and three losses ( 10 – 3 , 5 – 3 in the SEC ) and defeated Michigan State 49 – 7 in the Capital One Bowl . 
 Alabama entered the season as defending national champions , and began the 2010 season as the preseason number one team in both the AP and Coaches ' Polls . Favored to win a second consecutive SEC championship and be in contention for the national championship , the Crimson Tide opened the season with five consecutive victories over San Jose State , Penn State , Duke , Arkansas and Florida . However , Alabama completed the regular season with only nine victories and losses to South Carolina , LSU and Auburn and finished fourth in the Western Division . After the regular season , the Crimson Tide accepted an invitation to compete in the Capital One Bowl in Orlando . Against Big Ten co @-@ champions Michigan State , Alabama won by a final score of 49 – 7 and captured both a third straight ten win season and top ten finish . 
 
 = = Before the season = = 
 
 During the 2009 campaign , the Crimson Tide finished the season undefeated , 14 – 0 , with wins over several ranked opponents that included No. 7 Virginia Tech , No. 20 Ole Miss , No. 22 South Carolina , No. 9 LSU , No. 1 Florida in the SEC Championship , and No. 2 Texas in the BCS National Championship Game . They finished the season as the consensus National Champions , being voted No. 1 in the AP and Coaches ' Polls in securing Alabama 's first national title since 1992 . In addition to the national title , sophomore running back Mark Ingram became the first Alabama player to win the Heisman Trophy . 
 In February 2010 , eighteen players each signed an individual National Letter of Intent to play college football at Alabama . The 2010 recruiting class was ranked nationally in the top five by several recruiting services including Rivals , Scout , ESPNU and CBS College Sports . Spring practice began on March 12 and concluded with the annual A @-@ Day game on April 17 . Televised live by ESPN , the Crimson team of offensive starters defeated the White team of defensive starters by a final score of 23 – 17 before 91 @,@ 312 fans in Bryant – Denny Stadium . The game was decided after the end of regulation when Brandon Gibson caught a 39 @-@ yard touchdown pass from AJ McCarron in sudden death . For their performances , Marcell Dareus earned the Dwight Stephenson Lineman of the A @-@ Day Game Award and Mark Ingram earned the Dixie Howell Memorial Most Valuable Player of the A @-@ Day Game Award . 
 By August , Alabama had a combined 21 players on 12 different preseason award watch lists . These included both Mark Barron , Marcell Dareus and Dont ’ a Hightower for the Chuck Bednarik Award ; Julio Jones for the Fred Biletnikoff Award ; Hightower and Nico Johnson for the Butkus Award ; Ingram for the Walter Camp Award ; James Carpenter , Dareus and Hightower for the Lombardi Award ; Ingram and Greg McElroy for the Maxwell Award ; Barron , Dareus and Hightower for the Bronko Nagurski Trophy ; McElroy for the Davey O 'Brien Award ; Carpenter and Barrett Jones for the Outland Trophy ; William Vlachos for the Rimington Trophy ; Barron for the Jim Thorpe Award ; and Ingram for the Doak Walker Award . 
 
 = = = Returning starters = = = 
 
 Alabama had 10 returning starters from the previous season , including eight on offense and two on defense . The most notable departures from the previous year were linebackers Eryk Anders , Rolando McClain and Cory Reamer ; cornerbacks Javier Arenas , Kareem Jackson and Marquis Johnson ; defensive ends Brandon Deaderick and Lorenzo Washington ; nose tackle Terrence Cody ; safety Justin Woodall ; offensive linemen Drew Davis and Mike Johnson ; and tight end Colin Peek . Additionally , all of special teams players were replaced following the departures of punter P.J. Fitzgerald , placekicker Leigh Tiffin , long snapper Brian Selman and Arenas as the return specialist . 
 
 = = = Recruiting class = = = 
 
 Alabama 's recruiting class was highlighted by eight players from the " ESPN 150 " : No. 16 DeMarcus Milliner ( CB ) ; No. 32 Phillip Sims ( QB ) ; No. 36 John Fulton ( CB ) ; No. 54 Adrian Hubbard ( DE ) ; No. 74 Chad Lindsay ( OG ) ; No. 89 Keiwone Malone ( WR ) ; No. 99 C.J. Mosley ( OLB ) ; and No. 132 Brian Vogler ( TE ) . Alabama signed the No. 5 recruiting class according to Rivals and the No. 4 recruiting class according to Scout . The football program received 18 letters of intent on National Signing Day , February 3 , 2010 . 
 
 = = Schedule = = 
 
 The 2010 schedule was officially released on September 2 , 2009 . In accordance with conference rules , Alabama faced all five Western Division opponents : Arkansas , Auburn , LSU , Mississippi State , and Ole Miss . They also faced three Eastern Division opponents : official SEC rival Tennessee , Florida , and South Carolina . Alabama did not play SEC opponents Georgia , Kentucky and Vanderbilt . The contest against Ole Miss served as the 2010 homecoming game . 
 Alabama also played four non @-@ conference games . The game against Penn State was originally scheduled as part of the 2004 season , however the series was moved back at the request of Alabama due to fallout from NCAA sanctions being levied on the program . The non @-@ conference schedule also included games against San Jose State of the Western Athletic Conference , Duke of the Atlantic Coast Conference and Georgia State of the Football Championship Subdivision ( FCS ) . On December 5 , it was announced Alabama would face Big Ten co @-@ champion Michigan State in the Capital One Bowl . In what was the first meeting between the programs , the Tide defeated the Spartans 49 – 7 and secured their third consecutive ten @-@ win season . 
 Alabama played six of its SEC opponents the week following the opponents ' bye week . These SEC teams who scheduled a bye week before facing the Crimson Tide included South Carolina , Ole Miss , Tennessee , LSU , Mississippi State and Auburn . Georgia State also had a bye week prior to playing Alabama , for a total of seven consecutive opponents playing Alabama the week following their bye . On July 1 , 2010 , the game against Georgia State was moved from Saturday , November 20 to Thursday , November 18 to give Alabama additional time to prepare for its game against Auburn . The Sagarin computer ratings calculated Alabama 's 2010 strength of schedule to be the fifth most difficult out of the 245 Division I teams . The Cosgrove Computer Rankings calculated it as the 12th most difficult out of the 120 Division I FBS teams in its rankings . 
 Source : Rolltide.com All @-@ time Football Results : 2010 Season 
 
 = = Coaching staff = = 
 
 The only change to the coaching staff from the 2009 season was the departure of James Willis , an associate head and outside linebackers coach , to become the defensive coordinator at Texas Tech . Willis was replaced on the staff with Jeremy Pruitt on January 15 . Other assistants that declined positions at other programs included Jim McElwain declining an offer to become San Jose State 's head coach and Kirby Smart declining an offer to become Georgia 's defensive coordinator . 
 
 = = Game notes = = 
 
 
 = = = San Jose State = = = 
 
 The Crimson Tide began their defense of their 2010 BCS championship at home against the San Jose State Spartans , and before a record crowd in a newly expanded Bryant – Denny Stadium , Alabama was victorious 48 – 3 . Alabama scored a touchdown on their first possession on a one @-@ yard Trent Richardson run to complete an eight @-@ play , 71 @-@ yard drive . The Spartans responded on the next drive with their only points of the game on a 31 @-@ yard Harrison Waid field goal to make the score 7 – 3 . On the ensuing drive the Alabama extended their lead to 14 – 3 with a 48 @-@ yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Marquis Maze . Alabama again reached the endzone early in the second quarter on a 39 @-@ yard Richardson run and a 29 @-@ yard AJ McCarron pass to Julio Jones to make the score 28 – 3 . Cade Foster scored the final points of the half as time expired on a 31 @-@ yard field goal to bring the halftime score to 31 – 3 . 
 Alabama opened the second half by scoring on their first two possessions . Eddie Lacy scored on a 37 @-@ yard run and Foster hit a 24 @-@ yard field goal to extend the Crimson Tide lead to 41 – 3 . Lacy scored the final points of the game with a 10 @-@ yard run to make the final score 48 – 3 . Both McElroy and McCarron combined to pass for 334 yards on 22 completions and a pair of touchdowns . For the game , the Alabama outgained San Jose in total offense by a margin of 591 – 175 . The 101 @,@ 821 in attendance marked the first crowd of over 100 @,@ 000 to attend a football game in the state of Alabama . 
 
 = = = Penn State = = = 
 
 With ESPN 's College GameDay in town , Alabama defeated the Penn State Nittany Lions 24 – 3 in a renewal of their historic rivalry . Alabama scored first on a 36 @-@ yard touchdown pass from Greg McElroy to Kevin Norwood in the first quarter . The Crimson Tide added to their lead in the second quarter with a 14 @-@ yard McElroy touchdown pass to Preston Dial and a 31 @-@ yard Jeremy Shelley field goal to take a 17 – 0 lead at the half . After a scoreless third , Trent Richardson scored on a one @-@ yard run and Penn State 's Collin Wagner hit a 36 @-@ yard field goal to make the final score to 24 – 3 . 
 Richardson led the team in rushing with 144 yards on 22 carries , and was also the first back to gain over 100 yards on the ground against Penn State since their 2008 game against Iowa . The defense also stood out with Mark Barron , Robert Lester and Will Lowery each making an interception and Alabama only allowing 283 yards of total offense . After compiling 207 all @-@ purpose yards and scoring a touchdown , Richardson was named Co @-@ SEC Offensive Player of the Week with South Carolina 's Marcus Lattimore . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Nittany Lions to 9 – 5 . 
 
 = = = Duke = = = 
 
 In Alabama 's first @-@ ever trip to Duke , the Crimson Tide defeated the Blue Devils by a final score of 62 – 13 in front of the largest crowd at Wallace Wade Stadium since the 1994 season . Playing in his first game of the 2010 season following knee surgery , Mark Ingram ran for a team high 152 yards on nine carries with two touchdowns . 
 Greg McElroy completed 14 of 20 passes for 258 yards , with three touchdowns and one interception . In the second quarter Trent Richardson scored Alabama 's first special teams touchdown of the season with a 96 @-@ yard kickoff return . Other offensive highlights included Richardson gaining 66 yards on seven carries and Eddie Lacy gaining 53 yards on seven carries with each scoring a touchdown on the ground . Through the air , Julio Jones led the team with 106 receiving yards on six catches with he , Darius Hanks and Preston Dial each making a touchdown reception . 
 The game also marked the return of Marcell Dareus following a two @-@ game suspension from the NCAA for receiving improper benefits . After allowing 13 points in the first half , the Alabama defense shut out the Duke offense in the second half . The 62 points scored by the Tide were the most since a 62 – 0 victory over Tulane during the 1991 season , and the 45 points scored in the first half were the most scored in one half since scoring 45 in the second half of the 1973 victory over California . The 626 yards of total offense were the most amassed by an Alabama team since gaining 644 against LSU in 1989 . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Blue Devils to 3 – 1 . 
 
 = = = Arkansas = = = 
 
 In the first game played between two teams ranked in the top ten at Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium since the 1979 season , Alabama was victorious with a 24 – 20 come @-@ from @-@ behind victory . After Ryan Mallett connected on an early touchdown to take a 7 – 0 lead , Alabama responded with a 54 @-@ yard Mark Ingram touchdown run to tie the game at 7 – 7 . Arkansas retook the lead with a field goal and a one @-@ yard Mallett run to take a 17 – 7 lead at the half . Midway through the third , Arkansas extended their lead to 20 – 7 . 
 Alabama brought the score to 20 – 14 late in the third after a 20 @-@ yard Trent Richardson touchdown reception from Greg McElroy . The Arkansas lead was then cut to three after a 36 @-@ yard Jeremy Shelley field goal with just over 6 : 00 remaining in the fourth . After Robert Lester intercepted a Mallett pass and returned it to the 12 @-@ yard line , Ingram took the next three snaps that culminated in a one @-@ yard touchdown run to take a 24 – 20 lead . After a late Dre Kirkpatrick interception , McElroy gained a first down on a fourth and inches quarterback sneak to seal the victory for the Crimson Tide . Ingram led the team with 157 yards rushing on 24 carries and Richardson finished with 85 yards on eight carries . Kirkpatrick led the defense with nine tackles and an interception . For his five @-@ tackle , two @-@ interception performance , Robert Lester was recognized as both the FWAA / Bronko Nagurski National Defensive Player of the Week and the SEC Defensive Player of the Week . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Razorbacks to 11 – 8 ( 14 – 7 without NCAA vacations and forfeits ) . 
 
 = = = Florida = = = 
 
 In a rematch of the previous two SEC Championship Games , Alabama defeated the Florida Gators 31 – 6 . Alabama opened the scoring with a 28 @-@ yard Jeremy Shelley field goal in the first , and then scored a trio of second @-@ quarter touchdowns . Mark Ingram scored on runs of six and one — yard with the third coming on a 19 @-@ yard Marquis Maze touchdown pass to Michael Williams on a wide receiver pass . Florida got on the board late in the second with a 39 @-@ yard Chas Henry field goal to bring the halftime score to 24 – 3 . After a second Henry field goal , C. J. Mosley returned an interception 35 @-@ yards for a touchdown to make the final score 31 – 6 . 
 Although Florida outgained the Crimson Tide in total offense 281 to 273 yards , their three turnovers resulted in 21 Alabama points . In addition to Mosley , Nico Johnson intercepted Trey Burton in the end zone and Dre Kirkpatrick intercepted a John Brantley pass . The game marked the first time Florida had been held without a touchdown since their previous visit to Tuscaloosa in 2005 , and resulted in Alabama leading the nation in scoring defense by allowing only 45 points through five games . Courtney Upshaw was named the SEC Defensive Player of the Week after making seven total tackles , with four for losses , a fumble recovery and two pass deflections . Chance Warmack was recognized as the SEC 's Offensive Lineman of the Week for his performance . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Gators to 21 – 14 ( 22 – 14 without the NCAA vacation of the 2005 victory ) . 
 
 = = = South Carolina = = = 
 
 With ESPN 's College GameDay in town and in front of a sold out Williams – Brice , Alabama was upset by the South Carolina Gamecocks 35 – 21 . After Alabama scored on its opening drive with a 32 @-@ yard Jeremy Shelley field goal , South Carolina responded with three consecutive touchdowns . Stephen Garcia threw three touchdown passes , with the first to Marcus Lattimore for nine @-@ yards followed by strikes of 26 and 15 @-@ yards to Alshon Jeffery , to give South Carolina a 21 – 3 lead in the second quarter . Alabama reached the end zone late in the second on a nine @-@ yard Greg McElroy pass to Julio Jones to make the halftime score 21 – 9 after the extra point failed . 
 On the first play from scrimmage in the third quarter , Garcia threw the ball out of the end zone for a safety following a bad snap . After the free kick , Alabama scored on a 39 @-@ yard Shelley field goal , to make the score 21 – 14 . After a one @-@ yard Lattimore touchdown run , Alabama answered with a 51 @-@ yard Darius Hanks touchdown reception from McElroy , to make the score 28 – 21 . However , Lattimore scored on a two @-@ yard touchdown run late in the fourth to give the Gamecocks a 35 – 21 victory . The win marked South Carolina 's first all @-@ time victory over a team ranked number one in the AP poll . 
 For the game , McElroy set a career high in passing for 315 yards on 27 of 34 passes , and Jones had a team high 118 yards on eight catches . Marcell Dareus was recognized as an honorable mention SEC Defensive Player of the Week for his eight tackle performance . The 34 points allowed by the Crimson Tide defense were the most allowed since giving up 41 to LSU in 2007 . The loss also marked the end of a 29 @-@ game regular season win streak , an overall 19 @-@ game win streak , and an 18 @-@ game regular season conference winning streak . It was Alabama 's first overall loss since being defeated by Utah in the 2009 Sugar Bowl and their first regular season and regular season conference loss since losing to Auburn in 2007 . The loss brought Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Gamecocks to 10 – 4 ( 12 – 3 without NCAA vacations and forfeits ) . 
 
 = = = Ole Miss = = = 
 
 A week after their first regular season loss since the 2007 season , Alabama defeated their long @-@ time rival , the Ole Miss Rebels on homecoming in Tuscaloosa 23 – 10 . The Crimson Tide took a 10 – 0 lead in the first quarter on a seven @-@ yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Preston Dial and a 49 @-@ yard Cade Foster field goal . Scoring continued in the second quarter with Alabama 's Jeremy Shelley and Foster connecting on field goals of 19 and 44 @-@ yards . Mississippi 's Bryson Rose connected on a 22 @-@ yard field goal to make the halftime score 16 – 3 . In the third quarter , McElroy connected with Trent Richardson for an 85 @-@ yard touchdown reception . The catch was the fourth longest touchdown reception in school history . Later in the quarter , Jeremiah Masoli connected with Melvin Harris on a 15 @-@ yard touchdown reception to make the final score 23 – 10 . 
 On special teams , Marquis Maze totaled 125 yards on six punt returns and was named SEC Co @-@ Special Teams Player of the Week for his performance . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Rebels to 44 – 9 – 2 ( 48 – 8 – 2 without NCAA vacations and forfeits ) . 
 
 = = = Tennessee = = = 
 
 In the 93rd edition of the Third Saturday in October , the Crimson Tide defeated the Tennessee Volunteers 41 – 10 . Tennessee scored first , on a 59 @-@ yard Tauren Poole touchdown run to take an early 7 – 0 lead . Alabama responded by scoring on its next two drives : a 36 @-@ yard Jeremy Shelley field goal , and a one @-@ yard Greg McElroy touchdown run to take a 10 – 7 lead . The second quarter closed with a 42 @-@ yard Shelley field goal and a 33 @-@ yard field goal by Michael Palardy of Tennessee to make the halftime score 13 – 10 . 
 Alabama opened the second half by driving 70 yards in four plays , with Julio Jones having receptions of 38 and 19 yards and Mark Ingram punching in the touchdown from one @-@ yard out to extend their lead to 20 – 10 . After Palardy missed a 52 @-@ yard field goal , Trent Richardson ran the ball 65 yards for a touchdown on the second play of the ensuing drive for a 27 – 10 Alabama lead . Later , Robert Lester intercepted a Matt Simms pass , and Alabama extended its lead to 34 – 10 , after an 80 @-@ yard drive with Ingram scoring from one @-@ yard out . Alabama scored the final points of the evening in the fourth quarter when AJ McCarron hit Richardson for a five @-@ yard touchdown reception to make the final score 41 – 10 . It was Alabama 's most lopsided victory over Tennessee since defeating the Volunteers 35 – 0 in 1963 . 
 For the game , Julio Jones set a school record with 221 receiving yards , eclipsing the previous mark of 217 yards set by David Palmer against Vanderbilt in 1993 . Ingram and Richardson finished with 88 and 119 yards on the ground respectively . For his performance , left tackle James Carpenter was selected as the SEC Offensive Lineman of the Week . With his 117 yards on 14 carries , Tauren Poole ended Alabama 's 41 @-@ game streak of not allowing a 100 @-@ yard rusher dating back to BenJarvus Green @-@ Ellis 's 131 yard performance for Ole Miss in 2007 . The game also marked the first between Nick Saban and Derek Dooley who previously worked for Saban as an assistant coach at LSU and with the Miami Dolphins . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Volunteers to 47 – 38 – 7 ( 48 – 37 – 8 without NCAA vacations and forfeits ) . 
 
 = = = LSU = = = 
 
 Coming off their bye week and in what was dubbed by some as " Saban Bowl IV , " Alabama was upset by their long @-@ time rival , the LSU Tigers 24 – 21 . LSU scored first on a 45 @-@ yard Josh Jasper field goal to take a 3 – 0 lead . Alabama scored their first points early in the second quarter on a one @-@ yard Greg McElroy touchdown pass to Trent Richardson to take a 7 – 3 lead at the half . 
 Both teams traded touchdowns in the third . The Tigers scored first on a 75 @-@ yard Rueben Randle reception from Jordan Jefferson , and the Crimson Tide responded with a five @-@ yard Mark Ingram touchdown run . LSU scored 14 fourth quarter points to secure the victory with a pair of Jasper field goals and a one @-@ yard Stevan Ridley touchdown run and a successful two @-@ point conversion . Alabama responded with a nine @-@ yard Julio Jones touchdown reception , but was unable to get a defensive stop late in the game preserving the 24 – 21 LSU victory . Turnovers proved costly for Alabama with LSU scoring field goals on drives after a McElroy interception in the first and fumble in the fourth . The loss brought Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Tigers to 45 – 24 – 5 . 
 
 = = = Mississippi State = = = 
 
 A week after being upset by LSU , Alabama returned to Bryant – Denny and began a three @-@ game homestand to end the season by defeating long @-@ time rival Mississippi State 30 – 10 . The Crimson Tide took a 6 – 3 lead in the first quarter by trading field goals with the Bulldogs on a 36 @-@ yarder from Jeremy Shelley , a 24 @-@ yarder from Derek DePasquale and a 45 @-@ yarder from Cade Foster . In the second , Alabama reached the end zone for the first time on the evening after Greg McElroy hit Marquis Maze for a 45 @-@ yard touchdown reception and a 13 – 3 lead . After a punt on the next Bulldog series , an 80 @-@ yard Maze touchdown return was called back as a result of an illegal block on the play by Alex Watkins . On the next play , Mark Ingram took a short bubble screen pass from McElroy 78 @-@ yards for a 20 – 3 lead at the half . 
 On their first offensive possession of the second half , and on the third consecutive offensive play , Alabama scored on a long touchdown play . This time Julio Jones ran the ball 56 @-@ yards for a touchdown to extend the Alabama lead to 27 – 3 . Shelley scored Alabama 's final points in the fourth on a 28 @-@ yard field goal with State scoring their lone touchdown late on a 27 @-@ yard Chad Bumphis touchdown reception from Tyler Russell . The Alabama defense allowed only 149 rushing yards , registered five sacks and two interceptions . 
 In this game , the Crimson Tide wore Nike Pro Combat uniforms for the first time . These uniforms featured crimson jerseys with grey and white houndstooth numbers , a houndstooth stripe on the helmet , houndstooth gloves and an American flag sewn into one of the sleeves in honor of Veterans Day . The houndstooth design was chosen as a tribute to former Alabama coach Bear Bryant who was known for wearing a houndstooth fedora during games . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Bulldogs to 73 – 18 – 3 ( 75 – 17 – 3 without NCAA vacations and forfeits ) . 
 
 = = = Georgia State = = = 
 
 Originally scheduled to be played on November 20 , in July 2010 this game was moved to Thursday , November 18 to give the Crimson Tide extra time to prepare for its game against Auburn . In the first ever meeting against the Georgia State Panthers , the Crimson Tide was victorious 63 – 7 . Alabama scored first on an eight @-@ yard Greg McElroy pass to Julio Jones . After a Mark Barron interception ended the first Georgia State drive , Alabama responded with a 71 @-@ yard drive capped by a one @-@ yard Mark Ingram touchdown run to take a 14 – 0 lead . 
 In the second quarter , Alabama scored on a defensive play when C. J. Mosley returned a Drew Little interception 41 @-@ yards for a touchdown . Alabama then extended their lead to 28 – 0 on a ten @-@ yard Jones touchdown reception from McElroy . At the end of the Panthers next possession , Chavis Williams blocked a Bo Schlechter punt that was returned 22 @-@ yards for a touchdown by Brandon Gibson . On the following kickoff , an Albert Wilson fumble was recovered by Gibson to give the Tide possession deep in Panther territory . Four plays later , Alabama extended their lead to 42 – 0 on a three @-@ yard Eddie Lacy touchdown run . On the ensuing kickoff , the Panthers scored their only points on the evening when Wilson returned the kickoff 97 @-@ yards for a touchdown and a halftime score of 42 – 7 . 
 With the game in hand midway through the second quarter , Alabama played many of its reserve players in the second half . The Tide scored in the third quarter first on a seven @-@ yard AJ McCarron touchdown pass to Chris Underwood and again on an one @-@ yard Demetrius Goode touchdown run after a Chris Jordan interception to take a 56 – 7 lead into the final period . In the fourth , Jalston Fowler scored on a 36 @-@ yard touchdown run to make the final score 63 – 7 . 
 After he completed 12 of 13 passes , McElroy set a new single @-@ game Alabama record for completion percentage of 92 @.@ 3 percent to break the previous record he set against North Texas in 2009 . The game also marked the first time Alabama played on a Thursday night since defeating Southern Miss in 2001 , and the return of both former Alabama head coach Bill Curry as the Panthers ' head coach and quarterback Star Jackson who transferred to Georgia State prior to the 2010 season . The 63 points were the most scored by an Alabama team since defeating Vanderbilt 63 – 3 in 1979 . 
 
 = = = Auburn = = = 
 
 In the 75th edition of the Iron Bowl , the Auburn Tigers overcame a 24 @-@ point deficit to defeat the Crimson Tide 28 – 27 . Alabama opened a 21 – 0 lead after the first quarter with touchdown scores on their first three offensive possessions . Touchdowns were scored on a nine @-@ yard Mark Ingram run , a 68 @-@ yard Julio Jones reception from Greg McElroy and on a 12 @-@ yard Darius Hanks reception from McElroy . The lead was pushed to 24 – 0 in the second quarter after a 20 @-@ yard Jeremy Shelley field goal before the Tigers began their comeback . 
 Auburn scored their first points late in the second on a 36 @-@ yard Cam Newton pass to Emory Blake to bring the score to 24 – 7 at the half . With the only Alabama points in the third scored on a 32 @-@ yard Shelley field goal , Auburn brought the margin to 27 – 21 entering the fourth on a 70 @-@ yard Cam Newton touchdown pass to Terrell Zachery and a one @-@ yard Newton run . The Tigers took a 28 – 27 lead in the fourth on a seven @-@ yard Philip Lutzenkirchen reception from Newton that held to the end of regulation . 
 With his 10 catch , 199 yard performance , Julio Jones set Alabama single @-@ season records for both receptions and receiving yards in eclipsing the previous marks of 67 receptions by D. J. Hall in 2007 and 1 @,@ 056 yards by Hall in 2006 . The loss ended a 20 @-@ game home winning streak for the Tide dating back to the 2007 loss to Louisiana – Monroe , and brought Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Tigers to 40 – 34 – 1 . The CBS telecast of this game earned a 7 @.@ 5 rating , the highest for any game of the 2010 college football season through week 13 . 
 
 = = = Michigan State = = = 
 
 On December 5 , Capital One Bowl officials announced Alabama would face the Big Ten co @-@ champion Michigan State Spartans in the 2011 Capital One Bowl . In a strong defensive performance where the Spartans were held to a total of minus @-@ 48 yards rushing , Alabama was victorious 49 – 7 . Alabama scored touchdowns on their first four offensive possessions . Mark Ingram scored first on an one @-@ yard touchdown run to complete a 13 @-@ play , 79 @-@ yard drive on Alabama 's first possession . After a Robert Lester interception of a Kirk Cousins pass on the Spartans ' opening drive , the Tide scored on an eight @-@ yard Trent Richardson touchdown run . Alabama extended their lead to 28 – 0 at the half following touchdown runs of six and 35 @-@ yards by Ingram and Julio Jones . 
 After holding Michigan State to a three @-@ and @-@ out to open the third quarter , Alabama scored its fifth touchdown in six offensive possessions when Marquis Maze scored on a 37 @-@ yard Greg McElroy pass . Up by 35 points late in the third , the Crimson Tide pulled many of their starters that resulted in many players seeing action from deep in the depth chart . Eddie Lacy extended the lead to 49 – 0 with touchdown runs of twelve @-@ yards in the third and 62 @-@ yards in the fourth quarter . Michigan State scored their only points late in the fourth on a 49 @-@ yard Bennie Fowler touchdown reception from Keith Nichol to make the final score 49 – 7 . The 42 @-@ point margin of victory was Alabama 's largest in a bowl game since defeating Syracuse 61 – 6 in the 1953 Orange Bowl . 
 The minus @-@ 48 yards rushing allowed by the Alabama defense was the fewest ever allowed in a bowl game and the second fewest allowed all @-@ time only eclipsed by a minus @-@ 49 yard performance against Houston in 1962 . With his pair of touchdowns , Mark Ingram established a new Alabama record for career rushing touchdowns with 42 to eclipse the previous mark of 41 set by Shaun Alexander . The contest also marked both Nick Saban 's and Bobby Williams ' first game against the Spartans since their respective terms as Michigan State 's head coach between 1995 – 1999 and 2000 – 2002 . 
 
 = = Depth chart = = 
 
 Starters and backups . 
 
 = = Rankings = = 
 
 Entering the 2010 season , the Crimson Tide was ranked No. 1 in the AP and Coaches ' Preseason Polls . The No. 1 preseason ranking was the first for Alabama since the 1978 season . In week six , Alabama dropped to the No. 8 ranking in both the AP and Coaches ' Poll following their loss to South Carolina . The Tide rebounded in the rankings though week nine , rising to No. 5 before dropping to No. 11 in the AP and No. 12 in the Coaches ' Poll following their loss at LSU . After their loss to Auburn , Alabama dropped to No. 15 in the AP , No. 18 in the Coaches ' Poll and No. 16 in the final BCS standings . Following the victory over Michigan State in the Capital One Bowl , Alabama finished No. 10 in the final AP , No. 11 in the final Coaches ' Polls . 
 
 = = After the season = = 
 
 As part of the A @-@ Day celebrations on April 16 , the 2010 team captains Greg McElroy , Dont 'a Hightower and Mark Barron were honored at the Walk of Fame ceremony at the base of Denny Chimes . Later that day , as recognition for becoming the fifth Alabama head coach to win a national championship with the 2009 squad , the University unveiled a statue of coach Saban along the Walk of Champions outside Bryant – Denny Stadium . 
 
 = = = Final statistics = = = 
 
 After their victory over Michigan State in the Capitol One Bowl , Alabama 's final team statistics were released . On the defensive side of the ball , they ranked third in scoring defense ( 13 @.@ 54 points per game ) , fifth in total defense ( 286 @.@ 38 yards per game ) , tenth in rushing defense ( 110 @.@ 15 yards per game ) and thirteenth in passing defense ( 176 @.@ 23 yards per game ) . They were also the conference leaders in both scoring and total defense . On offense , nationally the Crimson Tide ranked 18th in scoring offense ( 35 @.@ 69 points per game ) , 22nd in total offense ( 444 @.@ 08 yards per game ) , 27th in passing offense ( 261 @.@ 15 yards per game ) and 29th in rushing offense ( 182 @.@ 92 yards per game ) . Individually , Robert Lester led the SEC with an average of 0 @.@ 62 interceptions per game . 
 
 = = = Awards = = = 
 
 In the weeks following the SEC Championship Game , multiple Alabama players were recognized for their on @-@ field performances with a variety of awards and recognitions . At the team awards banquet on December 6 , Mark Barron , Dont 'a Hightower , and Greg McElroy were each named the permanent captains of the 2010 squad . At that time Julio Jones was named the 2010 most valuable players with Dont 'a Hightower and Mark Barron named defensive players of the year and Greg McElroy and Mark Ingram named the offensive players of the year . 
 The SEC recognized several players for their individual performances with various awards . Defensive back Mark Barron , wide receiver Julio Jones and offensive guard Barrett Jones were all named to the AP All @-@ SEC First Team . Offensive lineman James Carpenter , defensive lineman Marcell Dareus , running back Mark Ingram , linebacker Dont 'a Hightower and defensive back Robert Lester were all named to the AP All @-@ SEC Second Team . Quarterback Greg McElroy and center William Vlachos were each named AP All @-@ SEC Honorable Mention . Four players were named to the Coaches ' All @-@ SEC First Team including Barron , James Carpenter , Marcell Dareus and Julio Jones . Barrett Jones , William Vlachos , Mark Ingram , Dont 'a Hightower , return specialist Trent Richardson and defensive backs Robert Lester and Dre Kirkpatrick were named to the Coaches ' All @-@ SEC Second Team . Four players were named to the Freshman All @-@ SEC Coaches ' Team including offensive lineman D.J. Fluker , linebacker C.J. Mosley , defensive back Dee Milliner and punter Cody Mandell . 
 In addition to the conference awards , several players were also named to various national All @-@ American Teams . Julio Jones and Mark Barron were named to the AP All @-@ American Second Team and Marcell Dareus and Barrett Jones were named to the AP All @-@ American Third Team . Barron was also named to the All @-@ America team by the Football Writers Association of America ( FWAA ) . Quarterback Greg McElroy , tight end Preston Dial and offensive lineman James Carpenter were all selected to play in the Under Armour Senior Bowl . 
 
 = = = Coaching changes = = = 
 
 In the week following the Capitol One Bowl victory , several changes were made to the Alabama coaching staff . Defensive line coach Bo Davis resigned his position to serve as the defensive tackles coach for Texas . The following day , Chris Rumph was hired by Coach Saban from Clemson to replace Davis as defensive line coach . On January 12 , assistant head coach and offensive line coach Joe Pendry announced his retirement . The following day , former Miami interim head coach Jeff Stoutland was hired to replace Pendry as offensive line coach . On January 21 , wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator Curt Cignetti resigned his position to accept the head coaching job at Indiana University of Pennsylvania . On February 7 , Mike Groh was hired a Cignetti 's replacement as wide receivers coach and recruiting coordinator . 
 
 = = = NFL Draft = = = 
 
 Of all the draft @-@ eligible juniors , Mark Ingram , Julio Jones and Marcell Dareus declared their eligibility for the 2011 NFL Draft on January 7 . At the time of their announcement , each was projected as a first round pick . Five Alabama players , two seniors and three juniors , were invited to the NFL Scouting Combine . The invited players were offensive lineman James Carpenter , quarterback Greg McElroy , defensive end Marcell Dareus , running back Mark Ingram , and wide receiver Julio Jones . In the draft , Alabama set a school record with four players selected in the first round . The first round selections were Dareus ( 3rd Buffalo Bills ) , Jones ( 6th Atlanta Falcons ) , Carpenter ( 25th Seattle Seahawks ) and Ingram ( 28th New Orleans Saints ) . McElroy was selected in the seventh round ( 208th New York Jets ) . Preston Dial signed as an undrafted free agent with the Detroit Lions in July 2011 after the NFL labor dispute was resolved . 
 
 
 = James Robert Baker = 
 
 James Robert Baker ( October 18 , 1946 – November 5 , 1997 ) was an American author of sharply satirical , predominantly gay @-@ themed transgressional fiction . A native Californian , his work is set almost entirely in Southern California . After graduating from UCLA , he began his career as a screenwriter , but became disillusioned and started writing novels instead . Though he garnered fame for his books Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams and Boy Wonder , after the controversy surrounding publication of his novel , Tim and Pete , he faced increasing difficulty having his work published . According to his life partner , this was a contributing factor in his suicide . 
 Baker 's work has achieved cult status in the years since his death , and two additional novels have been posthumously published . First @-@ edition copies of his earlier works have become collector 's items . His novel Testosterone was adapted to a film of the same name , though it was not a financial success . Two other books have been optioned for films , but they have not been produced . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Baker was born in Long Beach , California and raised in what he considered a " stifling , Republican Southern Californian household " . Rebelling against his parents , he became attracted to the fringe elements of society , including beatniks ( anyone living as a bohemian , acting rebelliously , or appearing to advocate a revolution in manners ) , artists and gays . In high school during the 1960s he explored his sexuality at underground gay teen nightclubs , while living in fear that his abusive father would find out . At one point , his father hired a private detective to follow him , when he suspected Baker was having an affair with a male neighbor . This family dynamic would be used in many of his novels , most extensively in Boy Wonder . 
 Baker began taking drugs , and became , in his own words , " an out of control , teenage speed freak " . He also began drinking heavily , attributing it to the fact that he was closeted . However , even after coming out , his substance abuse remained excessive and " still had a life of its own " . After sobering up , he attended UCLA film school , where he was one of the winners of the Samuel Goldwyn Writing Awards , and directed two films : Mouse Klub Konfidential and Blonde Death . Mouse Klub Konfidential , a film about a Mickey Mouse Club Mouseketeer who becomes a gay bondage pornographer , was a controversial entry in the 1976 San Francisco 's LGBT Film Festival , as some thought Baker was actually advocating Nazism . It is also credited with having caused Michael Medved to abandon his dream of film making and instead become a film critic . 
 
 = = Writer = = 
 
 Baker 's lifelong ambition was to write . Upon graduating from UCLA , he spent approximately five years writing Hollywood screenplays in the early 1980s , a process he hated . While financially successful , he was frustrated that his work was not being produced . " I felt like a door @-@ to @-@ door salesman going to all these [ story ] pitch meetings ... [ filled with ] rabid , hideous morons " . He became discouraged and disillusioned , and turned his attention to novels . 
 His first book , Adrenaline , was published under the pseudonym James Dillinger . A story of two gay fugitive lovers on the run , it presaged the satire and drug fueled violence so prominent in his later books . Here Baker began developing the themes that dominated his following works : anarchy ; angry and somewhat paranoid gay men ; the dark underside of Los Angeles , juxtaposed with its sunny outward image ; the hypocrisy of organized religion ; anonymous sex and its implications in the age of AIDS ; and homophobia and the oppression of gays in a Republican dominated America . Its plot device of underdog characters forced into flight due to circumstances beyond their control was one Baker explored in all of his subsequent work . The modest success of this novel encouraged him to devote himself to what have become his best known works , Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams ( a novel revolving around a character loosely based on record producer Phil Spector ) and the 1986 release Boy Wonder . After the novel was published , he stopped screenwriting in order to solely concentrate on books . He spent the bulk of each day writing and researching , and acted out characters and scenes of his novels on videotape to perfect the dialogue . 
 His primary focus was gay @-@ themed writing , though he also wrote about the entertainment industry . Mostly satirical , his writing was filled with increasingly clear anger and disdain for the Republican neo @-@ con agenda , especially after the AIDS pandemic began to take a large toll on the gay community . A very strong voice in gay literature , Baker had admirers and detractors for his gay radical stance , both in the mainstream literary community as well as the gay community itself . 
 A self @-@ described anarchist , Baker has been categorized as a writer of transgressional fiction , in that his novels are frequently populated by sociopathic , nihilistic characters who engage in taboo behaviors such as heavy drug use , incest , necrophilia and other practices ; and often commit acts of extreme , surrealistic violence . A man of eclectic tastes , Baker cited as literary influences writers and film directors ranging from Proust to Jim Thompson and Sam Peckinpah . He also admired the punk writer Dennis Cooper . 
 His work is filled with pop cultural references to both film and music , as well as politics . Orson Welles ' Touch of Evil and John Ford 's The Searchers are mentioned prominently in more than one of his books , and Roxy Music is referenced in virtually every novel he wrote . The imagery in his novels is largely cinematic , with expressions such as " fade in / fade out " , " quick cut " and " VistaVision " ; and sentences such as " a montage traces the next fifteen years " and " If the last reel of Cheryl 's life had been a CinemaScope Technicolor movie ... " . With driven narratives , his books have the feel of a movie set down on paper . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 Baker 's work received mixed reviews . His only two books not specifically gay themed ( though containing gay characters and a somewhat gay sensibility ) , Boy Wonder and Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams , were better received by critics , and more popular with readers , though he was never a bestselling novelist . Baker himself estimated that his books sold approximately 25 @,@ 000 copies each . His following book , however , Tim and Pete , met with hostile reviews , primarily for its advocacy of political assassination and terror tactics in combating AIDS discrimination . Baker himself was ambivalent on the subject . " I think assassination does change things ... But I 'm not really calling for violence , " he said . " It 's a novel , not a position paper . " 
 In a 1993 interview , however , Baker stated : 
 I think a strong case can be made that political assassination actually does change things . If you look at the assassinations in this country in the 1960s you can certainly see how it affected history in a very profound way . So if you killed right wing figures , you 'd also be altering the course of history , and eliminating people who might very well be president in 1996 and those who are making bashing gays their number one issue right now . On the one hand , I 'm not advocating PWA 's turn themselves into human bombs , but on the other hand I have to admit that if I clicked on CNN and heard somebody had blown Patrick Buchanan 's head clean off , I 'd be elated , and to say otherwise would be a lie . 
 There were also charges of racism , due to his portrayals of blacks and Hispanics . Baker denied those charges , and pointed out that the protagonist later realized that the blacks were also gay and the Latina " was just a sweet old woman putting up with a lot of ( stuff ) that I couldn 't even imagine . " He went on to say , " I just wanted to explore the conflicts between gays and Latinos and gays and blacks ... the real feelings [ and the ] misapprehensions of each other . I realized it wouldn 't all be nice and politically correct . If blacks ( and Latinos ) want my respect , they have to deal with their own homophobia . I 'm not playing guilty liberal anymore " . 
 The book caused a great deal of controversy among critics , with some calling it " irresponsible " , and saying it was " determined to give offense " and " appears to endorse violence " . One critic of the book wrote , " The work rapidly becomes an apology for political terrorism and effectively advocates the assassination of the entire American New Right . While the reasons for such a vengeance motif are perhaps evident , can it really be countenanced ? Are we still justified in referring to this as art ? And even if we are , is there a point at which such invective ( and such suggestions ) become simply counterproductive ? " Another critic , however , called it " a masterful creation " and wrote : " In coming years Baker will be seen as having understood the implications of this period in our history while the rest of us were simply living it " . It polarized the reading public as well , with letters to the editor of major newspapers both supporting and opposing Baker 's ideology . Baker himself was aware that the book would be controversial , and deliberately provoked much of the reaction he received . He said : " Tim and Pete tries to convey in print what people really think rather than what they should think or what 's P.C. My fantasy was to leave readers so infuriated they 'd throw down the book and march right out to a gun store because they wanted to see the finale so bad they realize the only way it 'd happen is if they make it happen in real life ! " 
 
 = = Death = = 
 
 After the reception of Tim and Pete , with several critics calling him " The Last Angry Gay Man " , Baker faced increasing difficulty finding a publisher for his work and his financial position became precarious . He was only able to publish one novella , Right Wing , and that was self @-@ published on the Internet . 
 Baker 's life partner , Ron Robertson , believes that this difficulty led Baker on a quick , downwards emotional spiral . Baker killed himself at his home on November 5 , 1997 , by asphyxiation in his garage . His death was noted in literary circles and mainstream press ; the Gay Times in the United Kingdom wrote , " Baker 's suicide is particularly tragic because it robs American gay writing of a refreshingly distinctive voice quite unlike the po @-@ faced prose of so many of his contemporaries . " 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Since his death , Baker 's reputation has steadily increased among critics and the reading public ; and his works now have cult status in the literary community . By 2006 , first editions of Adrenaline , Boy Wonder , Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams and Tim and Pete had become collector 's items and commanded high prices at rare book stores . 
 Robertson , now Baker 's literary executor , was successful in having two additional novels published after Baker 's death . One of those , Testosterone , was filmed in 2003 . Directed by David Moreton and starring Antonio Sabato Jr . , the plot was significantly altered and the film was a critical and financial failure . Both Boy Wonder and Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams have been optioned for the movies several times , most recently in 2004 , though they were never produced . Baker 's work has also been published in Germany , Sweden , Italy , Great Britain , Australia , Japan and Russia . 
 Though Tim and Pete was his most controversial work , Boy Wonder is generally considered his magnum opus , and remains his most popular book . A black satire of the film industry , it is also a parody of the " oral biographies " popularized by George Plimpton with his books about Edie Sedgwick and Truman Capote , in that the protagonist 's life is revealed in the form of interviews between the writer and the characters . Though it has been praised as " one of the few novels from the last couple of decades that could justifiably be called a classic " , reviewers have also pointed out that it is probably unfilmable due to its bitter cynicism regarding the movie industry . 
 Baker 's last published work , Right Wing , as well as his posthumous novels Testosterone and Anarchy , represent a stylistic departure in that he inserts himself into the plot as either a secondary character or the protagonist . The latter two were edited , and in the case of Anarchy , partially rewritten by his editor , Scott Brassart . Testosterone needed only minor changes , while Anarchy underwent an entire rewrite , with Brassart restructuring the plot and streamlining over 500 pages of prose and notes into a fast @-@ paced , 250 page novel . For the reader , however , it is only Baker 's voice as writer that is heard . 
 Three of Baker 's books have thus far not been published : White Devils , Proto Punk , and Crucifying Todd . Additionally , he wrote two screenplays which have not as yet been filmed : Inez and Desert Women . 
 
 = = Published works = = 
 
 Adrenaline ( 1985 ) Signet Books / New American Library ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 451 @-@ 13563 @-@ 6 
 Fuel @-@ Injected Dreams ( 1986 ) E. P. Dutton ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 525 @-@ 24417 @-@ 2 
 Boy Wonder ( 1988 ) New American Library ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 453 @-@ 00597 @-@ 5 
 Tim and Pete ( 1993 ) Simon & Schuster ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 671 @-@ 79184 @-@ 1 
 Right Wing ( 1996 , only published on the Internet ) 
 Testosterone ( published posthumously 2000 ) Alyson Publications ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 55583 @-@ 567 @-@ 5 
 Anarchy ( published posthumously 2002 ) Alyson Publications ISBN 978 @-@ 1 @-@ 55583 @-@ 743 @-@ 3 
 
 
 = Ernie Cooksey = 
 
 Ernest George Cooksey ( 11 June 1980 – 3 July 2008 ) was an English footballer , who was described as a utility player . He could play as a left @-@ sided defender and midfielder as well as in a central @-@ midfield role . He started as a trainee with Colchester United , before joining non @-@ League clubs Heybridge Swifts , Bishop 's Stortford , Chesham United and Bromley . In 2002 , he joined Southern Football League Premier Division side Crawley Town before turning professional with Football League side Oldham Athletic in 2003 . 
 He then moved to Rochdale in 2004 and Boston United in 2007 , totalling 140 appearances in the Football League over a four @-@ year period . He dropped down back into non @-@ League football , joining Conference National club Grays Athletic , making 19 league appearances . 
 Cooksey had a form of skin cancer removed from his back in 2006 , but was diagnosed with a recurrence of a malignant melanoma in February 2008 . He died in the early hours of 3 July 2008 , aged 28 . 
 
 = = Football career = = 
 
 
 = = = Early career = = = 
 
 Cooksey had started his career as a trainee with Colchester United , prior to moving onto a number of non @-@ League clubs . His first move was to Heybridge Swifts before joining Bishop 's Stortford in 1998 . He then moved onto Chesham United in 2000 , leaving in 2002 to have a brief spell at Bromley . 
 He joined Southern Football League Premier Division club , Crawley Town in July 2002 , ready for the 2002 – 03 season . Cooksey made his debut for Crawley on 26 August , against Welling United coming on as a substitute , after he returned from coaching schoolchildren in Las Vegas , United States for six @-@ months . He made 34 appearances , scoring once during his spell with Crawley , helping them to finish seventh in the Southern Football League Premier Division . 
 
 = = = Turning professional = = = 
 
 Cooksey joined Oldham Athletic on trial in July 2003 . At the age of 23 , he stepped up three leagues into professional football permanently when Iain Dowie signed him on for financially troubled Oldham in August , who were in the Second Division . Bob Dowie , who was Cooksey 's former manager at Chesham United , recommended the player to his brother , Iain . He followed in the footsteps of Fitz Hall and Wayne Andrews who also joined the club from Chesham as recommendations from Bob Dowie . Cooksey scored twice in Oldham 's 3 – 0 home victory over Carlisle United in their FA Cup first round match on 8 November 2003 . When the new season , 2003 – 04 , started Cooksey was unable to make his debut due to suspension . He made 37 Second Division appearances for Oldham in the 2003 – 04 season , scoring four goals . 
 Cooksey started the 2004 – 05 season with Oldham Athletic , playing one match , away against Luton Town on 7 August . He was released by Oldham on 15 September , after he was left out of manager Brian Talbot 's plans . He dropped down into the Third Division , newly renamed as League Two and signed for Rochdale a day later on 16 September , despite discussing terms with Carlisle United . He made his debut , away against Mansfield Town in the 1 – 0 away defeat on 18 September . During his first season with Rochdale , Cooksey picked up six yellow cards and two red cards on the field . However , his first red card of the season against Notts County was later overturned and downgraded to a yellow after a successful appeal to The FA . 
 At the start of the 2006 – 07 season , he signed a 12 @-@ month extension to his contract . He spent more than two years with League Two side Rochdale , before joining Boston United in the January transfer window of 2007 . Boston United were reduced to just 12 professionals on their books in the closing stages of the 2006 – 07 season , as the club could not afford to pay players wages . Cooksey had not been paid since February , and was spending £ 30 a day in fuel travelling from his Manchester home . He spent six months at Boston United and played 16 League Two games , but was unable to prevent them from being relegated from The Football League on the final day of the season . 
 
 = = = Return to non @-@ League = = = 
 
 Following his release from Boston United , Cooksey stated that he 'd like to reunite with former Boston manager Steve Evans , who was now manager of Cooksey 's previous club , Crawley Town . He had an unsuccessful trial at Barnet , before joining Conference National side Grays Athletic in July 2007 . He made his debut in Grays ' first game of the season away to Torquay United in the 0 – 0 draw , on 12 August . Cooksey was sent @-@ off in Grays ' 1 – 0 home defeat on 8 September , for a mistimed tackle on Michael Brough , as his trailing leg caught the opposition player . His last ever game before his death was for Grays Athletic at home in a Conference National match , against Exeter City on 16 February 2008 . Cooksey played the full 90 minutes in the 2 – 0 defeat . During the 2007 – 08 season , he made 19 appearances in the Conference for Grays . 
 
 = = Playing style = = 
 
 Cooksey was a utility player , due to his versatility on the left @-@ flank and in the centre of midfield as a box @-@ to @-@ box midfielder . He was predominately a midfielder , throughout his career playing in the centre or on the left @-@ wing . During his spell with Grays Athletic , he was used as a defender , playing as a left full @-@ back . 
 
 = = Personal life and illness = = 
 
 Before joining Oldham Athletic in August 2003 , Cooksey worked as a builder fitting false ceilings , leaving the better @-@ paid job to fulfil a lifelong ambition to become a professional footballer . 
 In early 2008 , he was diagnosed with malignant melanoma , a severe form of skin cancer . He had fought the disease before , when he had a form of skin cancer removed from his back in 2006 . Cooksey suspected his cancer originated from a six @-@ month spell coaching schoolchildren in the searing heat of Las Vegas in the United States . In April 2008 , Grays Athletic staged a benefit match for Cooksey . The match consisted of former professional players , as well as current professionals such as Leroy Lita , Nicky Shorey , Aaron McLean , Ray Parlour , Justin Edinburgh , Iain Dowie , Bob Dowie , Clive Allen , Scott Fitzgerald and Paul Merson . He returned to his former club Oldham Athletic in May 2008 , where another benefit match was staged for his appeal at Boundary Park , attended by 1 @,@ 500 fans to see such former players as John Barnes , Luther Blissett and Chris Waddle as well as television actors from Coronation Street . 
 Cooksey was born in Bishop 's Stortford . He died in the early hours of 3 July 2008 , at the age of 28 , five weeks before partner Louise Newlove was due to give birth to their first child . Newlove gave birth to their daughter , Isabella @-@ Georgia Cooksey , on 27 July 2008 . 
 
 = = Tributes = = 
 
 Before the League Cup match between Oldham Athletic and Rochdale on 12 August 2008 , both sets of players and management emerged from the tunnel wearing special Ernie Cooksey t @-@ shirts bearing the number 4 , the shirt number he wore at both clubs . The t @-@ shirts bore both clubs ' crests on the front along with the slogan " ERNIE COOKSEY – A TRUE GENT " , and the reverse read " 4 ERNIE " . A bucket collection also took place with all the proceeds going to a fund set up in Cooksey 's name . Additionally , his family , including partner Louise , were present at the game . 
 Oldham Athletic fans had a St George 's Cross flag made in his honour , which was due to be displayed at Oldham 's matches , as well as being taken abroad for England international fixtures . The tribute flag was stolen in February 2009 , when Spanish hooligans attacked English fans in Seville before an international friendly on 20 February , stealing England flags from fans as trophies . The flag was replaced after a number of donations helped to cover the costs . 
 
 
 = Simon de Montfort 's Parliament = 
 
 Simon de Montfort 's Parliament was an English parliament held from 20 January 1265 until mid @-@ March the same year , instigated by Simon de Montfort , a baronial rebel leader . 
 Simon de Montfort had seized power in England following his victory over Henry III at the Battle of Lewes during the Second Barons ' War , but his grip on the country was under threat . In an attempt to gather more support he summoned representatives from not only the barons and the knights of the shires , as had occurred in previous parliaments , but also burgesses from the major towns . The resulting parliament in London discussed radical reforms and temporarily stabilised Montfort 's political situation . Montfort was killed at the Battle of Evesham later that year , but the idea of inviting both knights and burgesses to parliaments became more popular under the reign of Henry 's son Edward I. By the 14th century this had become the norm , with the gathering becoming known as the House of Commons . This parliament is sometimes referred to as the first English parliament and Montfort himself is often termed the founder of the Commons . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 In 1258 , King Henry III of England faced a revolt among the English barons . Anger had grown about the way the King 's officials were raising funds , the influence of his Poitevin relatives at court and his unpopular Sicilian policy ; even the English Church had grievances over its treatment by the King . Within Henry 's court there was a strong feeling that the King would be unable to lead the country through these problems . On 30 April , Hugh Bigod marched into Westminster in the middle of the King 's parliament , backed by his co @-@ conspirators , including Simon de Montfort , the Earl of Leicester , and carried out a coup d 'état . Henry , fearful that he was about to be arrested and imprisoned , agreed to abandon his policy of personal rule and instead govern through a council of 24 barons and churchmen , half chosen by the King and half by the barons . 
 The pressure for reform continued to grow unabated and a parliament met in June . The term " parliament " had first appeared in the 1230s and 1240s to describe large gatherings of the royal court , and parliamentary gatherings were held periodically throughout Henry 's reign . They were used to agree upon the raising of taxes which , in the 13th century , were single , one @-@ off levies , typically on movable property , intended to support the King 's normal revenues for particular projects . During Henry 's reign , the counties had begun to send regular delegations to these parliaments , and came to represent a broader cross @-@ section of the community than simply the major barons . 
 The new parliament passed a set of measures known as the Provisions of Oxford , which Henry swore to uphold . These provisions created a smaller council of 15 members , elected solely by the barons , which then had the power to appoint England 's justiciar , chancellor and treasurer , and which would be monitored through triennial parliaments . Pressure from the lesser barons and the gentry present at Oxford also helped to push through wider reform , intended to limit the abuse of power by both the King 's officials and the major barons . More radical measures were passed by the new council the next year , in the form of the Provisions of Westminster . 
 The disagreements between the leading barons involved in the revolt soon became evident . Montfort championed radical reforms that would place further limitations on the authority and power of the major barons as well as the Crown ; others promoted only moderate change , while the conservative barons expressed concerns about the existing limitations on the King 's powers . Over the next four years , neither Henry nor the barons were able to restore stability in England , and power swung back and forth between the different factions . By early 1263 , what remained of Henry 's authority had disintegrated and the country slipped back towards open civil war . Montfort convened a council of rebel barons in Oxford to pursue his radical agenda and by October , England faced a likely civil war . Montfort marched east with an army and London rose up in revolt . Montfort took Henry and Queen Eleanor prisoner , and although he maintained a fiction of ruling in Henry 's name , the rebels completely replaced the royal government and household with their own , trusted men . 
 Montfort 's coalition began to quickly fragment , Henry regained his freedom of movement and renewed chaos spread across England . Henry appealed to his brother @-@ in @-@ law Louis of France for arbitration in the dispute ; Montfort was initially hostile to this idea , but , as war became more likely again , he decided to agree to French arbitration as well . Initially Montfort 's legal arguments held sway , but in January 1264 , Louis announced the Mise of Amiens , condemning the rebels , upholding the King 's rights and annulling the Provisions of Oxford . The Second Barons ' War finally broke out in April , when Henry led an army into Montfort 's territories . Becoming desperate , Montfort marched in pursuit of Henry and the two armies met at the Battle of Lewes on 14 May . Despite their numerical superiority , Henry 's forces were overwhelmed . Captured , Henry was forced to pardon the rebel barons and reinstate the Provisions of Oxford , leaving him , as historian Adrian Jobson describes , " little more than a figurehead " . 
 
 = = Parliament = = 
 
 Simon de Montfort claimed to be ruling in the King 's name through a council of officials . However , he had effective political control over the government even though he was not himself the monarch , the first time this had happened in English history . Montfort successfully held a parliament in London in June 1264 to confirm new constitutional arrangements for England ; four knights were summoned from each county , chosen by the county court , and were allowed to comment on general matters of state – the first time this had occurred . Montfort was unable to consolidate his victory at Lewes , however , and widespread disorder persisted across the country . In France , Eleanor made plans for an invasion of England with the support of Louis . 
 In response , and hoping to win wider support for his government , Montfort summoned a new parliament for 20 January 1265 which continued until mid March that year . It was held at short notice , with the summons being issued on 14 December , leaving little time for attendees to respond . He summoned not only the barons , senior churchmen and two knights from each county , but also two burgesses from each of the major towns such as York , Lincoln , Sandwich , and the Cinque Ports , the first time this had been done . Due to the lack of support for Montfort among the barons , only 23 of them were summoned to parliament , in comparison to the summons issued to 120 churchmen , who largely supported the new government ; it is unknown how many burgesses were called . The event was overseen by King Henry , and held in the Palace of Westminster , London , which was the largest city in England , and whose continuing loyalty was essential to Montfort 's cause . 
 This parliament was a populist , tactical move by Montfort in an attempt to gather support from the regions , and the historian Jeffrey Hamilton characterises it as " a very partisan assembly , not some sort of proto @-@ democratic representative body " . Once again the representatives were allowed to comment on wider political matters than just the usual issues of taxation . The business of the parliament focused on enforcing the Provisions of Westminster , in particular its restrictions on the major nobles , and promising judicial help to those who felt they were suffering from unfair feudal lordship . 
 The parliament bought temporary calm but opposition grew once more , particularly as Montfort and his immediate family began to amass a huge personal fortune . Prince Edward escaped his captors in May and formed a new army , resulting in a fresh outbreak of civil war . Edward pursued Monfort 's forces through the Welsh Marches , before striking east to attack his fortress at Kenilworth and then turning once more on the rebel leader himself . Montfort , accompanied by the captive Henry , was unable to retreat and the Battle of Evesham ensued . Edward was triumphant and Montfort 's corpse was mutilated by the victors . In places the now leaderless rebellion dragged on , with some rebels gathering at Kenilworth , which Henry and Edward took after a long siege in 1266 . The remaining pockets of resistance were mopped up , and the final rebels , holed up on the Isle of Ely , surrendered in July 1267 , marking the end of the war . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Henry III ruled England until his death in 1272 , continuing to summon parliaments , sometimes including the county knights and on one occasion including burgesses from the towns . After 1297 under Edward I 's reign , this became the norm , and by the early 14th century it was normal to include the knights and burgesses , a grouping that would become known as the " Commons " of England and , ultimately , form the " House of Commons " . 
 Simon de Montfort 's parliament of 1265 is sometimes referred to as the first English parliament , because of its inclusion of both the knights and the burgesses , and Montfort himself is often regarded as the founder of the House of Commons . The 19th century historian William Stubbs popularised the 1295 " Model Parliament " of Edward I as the first genuine parliament ; however , modern scholarship questions this analysis . The historian David Carpenter describes Montfort 's 1265 parliament as " a landmark " in the development of parliament as an institution during the medieval period . 
 
 = = = Modern recognition = = = 
 
 The Parliament of the United Kingdom presented a loyal address to Queen Elizabeth II in 1965 to mark the 700th anniversary of Montfort 's Parliament , and the Queen addressed both Houses of Parliament . The House of Lords Record Office , now known as the Parliamentary Archives , organised an exhibition in the Houses of Parliament of several important Acts of Parliament . Some of these documents were displayed again in a 2015 exhibition . 
 In 2015 , Parliament planned a year @-@ long programme of events called " Parliament in the Making " , coordinated with Parliament Week , including events to mark the 750th anniversary of Montfort 's Parliament . The BBC broadcast a " Democracy Day " on 20 January to coincide with the 750th anniversary consisting of live discussions and debate about parliament and democracy . It was presented in partnership with the Speaker ’ s Office of the House of Commons , including broadcasts from inside the Palace of Westminster . Westminster Abbey held a special evensong on 22 January commemorating the anniversary of the Montfort parliament and the development of rights and representation . 
 
 
 = USS O 'Brien ( DD @-@ 51 ) = 
 
 USS O 'Brien ( Destroyer No. 51 / DD @-@ 51 ) was the lead ship of O 'Brien @-@ class destroyers built for the United States Navy prior to the American entry into World War I. The ship was the second US Navy vessel named in honor of Jeremiah O 'Brien and his five brothers Gideon , John , William , Dennis , and Joseph who , together on the sloop Unity , captured a British warship during the American Revolutionary War . 
 O 'Brien was laid down by William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia in September 1913 and launched in July 1914 . 
 After her May 1915 commissioning , O 'Brien sailed off the east coast and in the Caribbean . She was one of seventeen destroyers sent out to rescue survivors from five victims of German submarine U @-@ 53 off the Lightship Nantucket in October 1916 . After the United States entered World War I in April 1917 , O 'Brien was sent overseas to patrol the Irish Sea out of Queenstown , Ireland . 
 After returning to the United States in January 1919 , O 'Brien revisited European waters in May to serve as one of the picket ships for the NC @-@ type seaplanes in the first aerial crossing of the Atlantic . O 'Brien was decommissioned at Philadelphia in June 1922 . She was struck from the Naval Vessel Register in March 1935 and sold for scrapping in April . 
 
 = = Design and construction = = 
 
 O 'Brien was authorized in March 1913 as the lead ship of the O 'Brien class , which was an improved version of the Cassin @-@ class destroyers authorized in 1911 . Construction of the vessel was awarded to William Cramp and Sons of Philadelphia which laid down her keel on 8 September 1913 . On 20 July 1914 , O 'Brien was launched by sponsor Miss Marcia Bradbury Campbell , great @-@ great @-@ granddaughter of Gideon O 'Brien , one of the ship 's namesakes . Gideon and his four brothers — John , William , Dennis , and Joseph — were crewmen aboard sloop Unity , under the command of their brother Jeremiah O 'Brien , when that vessel captured HMS Margaretta on 12 June 1775 during the American Revolutionary War ; the destroyer O 'Brien was named after all six brothers , and was the second US Navy vessel named in their honor . As built , the destroyer was 305 ft 3 in ( 93 @.@ 04 m ) in length , 31 ft 1 in ( 9 @.@ 47 m ) abeam , and drew 9 ft 6 in ( 2 @.@ 90 m ) . The ship had a standard displacement of 1 @,@ 050 long tons ( 1 @,@ 070 t ) and displaced 1 @,@ 171 long tons ( 1 @,@ 190 t ) when fully loaded . 
 O 'Brien had two Zoelly steam turbines that drove her two screw propellers , and an additional pair triple @-@ expansion steam engines , each connected to one of the propeller shafts , for cruising purposes . Four oil @-@ burning White @-@ Forster boilers powered the engines , which could generate 17 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 13 @,@ 000 kW ) , moving the ship at up to 29 knots ( 54 km / h ) . 
 O 'Brien 's main battery consisted of four 4 in ( 100 mm ) / 50 caliber Mark 9 guns , with each gun weighing in excess of 6 @,@ 100 lb ( 2 @,@ 800 kg ) . The guns fired 33 lb ( 15 kg ) armor @-@ piercing projectiles at 2 @,@ 900 ft / s ( 880 m / s ) . At an elevation of 20 ° , the guns had a range of 15 @,@ 920 yd ( 14 @,@ 560 m ) . 
 O 'Brien was also equipped with four twin 21 in ( 533 mm ) torpedo tubes . The General Board of the United States Navy had called for two anti @-@ aircraft guns for the O 'Brien @-@ class ships , as well as provisions for laying up to 36 floating mines . From sources , it is unclear if these recommendations were followed for O 'Brien or any of the other ships of the class . 
 
 = = Pre @-@ World War I = = 
 
 O 'Brien was commissioned into the United States Navy on 22 May 1915 under the command of Lieutenant Commander C. E. Courtney , after which she conducted her shakedown cruise between Newport , Rhode Island , and Hampton Roads , Virginia . In fleet exercises off New York in November , O 'Brien collided with the destroyer Drayton , in a minor incident that carried away part of Drayton 's topmast and wireless gear . In December , she was assigned to the 5th Division , Torpedo Flotilla , Atlantic Fleet . From early 1916 @-@ spring of 1917 , she operated with the Fleet along the East Coast and in Cuban waters . 
 At 05 : 30 on 8 October 1916 , wireless reports came in of a German submarine stopping ships near the Lightship Nantucket , off the eastern end of Long Island . After an SOS from the British steamer SS West Point was received at about 12 : 30 , Rear Admiral Albert Gleaves ordered O 'Brien and other destroyers at Newport to attend to survivors . 
 The American destroyers arrived on the scene at about 17 : 00 when the U @-@ boat , U @-@ 53 under the command of Kapitänleutnant Hans Rose , was in the process of stopping the Holland @-@ America Line cargo ship Blommersdijk . Shortly after , U @-@ 53 stopped the British passenger ship Stephano . As Rose had done with three other ships U @-@ 53 had sunk earlier in the day , he gave passengers and crew aboard Blommersdijk and Stephano adequate time to abandon the ships before sinking the pair . In total , 226 survivors from U @-@ 53 's five victims were rescued by the destroyer flotilla . 
 In February 1917 , one of O 'Brien 's gun crews hit a target at 5 @,@ 000 yd ( 4 @,@ 600 m ) eight times in eight attempts with one of the destroyer 's 4 in ( 100 mm ) guns , a feat which earned the crew and O 'Brien recognition in The Independent , a weekly newsmagazine published in Boston . 
 
 = = World War I = = 
 
 Returning from winter maneuvers off Cuba in March 1917 , the ship was in the York River when the United States declared war on Germany on 6 April , entering World War I. After fitting out at Brooklyn Navy Yard , she got underway from New York on 15 May with Cummings , Nicholson , Cushing , and Sampson , and joined convoy at Halifax , Nova Scotia , en route to Ireland . Upon arrival at Queenstown on 24 May , O 'Brien was assigned to the 6th Destroyer Division which cooperated with the British forces . She patrolled off the Irish coast in company with other destroyers answering distress calls and meeting eastbound convoys to escort them through the war zone . 
 While escorting SS Elysia 12 nmi ( 14 mi ; 22 km ) off Queenstown on 16 June , lookouts on O 'Brien sighted a periscope . Heading toward the submarine for an attack , a lookout in the foretop saw the submerged boat pass close along the starboard side . A depth charge was dropped but no immediate evidence of damage was found . Nearly three hours later , the British vessel HMS Jessamine reported a large patch of oil in approximately the same position . The next morning , Cushing also reported and confirmed Jessamine 's report . The British Admiralty believed the submarine was probably seriously damaged . However , later investigation reveals that German submarine U @-@ 16 , the submarine in question , continued to operate and completed her cruise . 
 In the summer of 1918 , O 'Brien was transferred to the French coast where she continued her antisubmarine patrols through the end of the war . 
 
 = = Inter @-@ war period = = 
 
 After the signing of the Armistice on 11 November , which ended all fighting , O 'Brien transported mail and passengers between Brest , France , and Plymouth , England . She returned to New York on 8 January 1919 , but returned to European waters in May when she served as one of the rescue pickets stationed along the route across the Atlantic flown by three Navy NC @-@ type seaplanes in the first aerial crossing of the Atlantic . 
 In 1919 , she assisted in the unsuccessful first attempt to lay the Ambrose Channel pilot cable . In July 1920 , she was assigned the hull code of DD @-@ 51 under the US Navy 's alphanumeric classification system . O 'Brien was decommissioned at Philadelphia on 5 June 1922 . The ship was struck from the Naval Vessel Register on 8 March 1935 , and broken up at the Philadelphia Navy Yard , and her materials sold for scrap on 23 April . The ship 's bell remains in the Plattsburgh Memorial Chapel on the former Plattsburgh Air Force Base . 
 
 
 = Christine Hakim = 
 
 Herlina Christine Natalia Hakim ( born 25 December 1956 ) , also known by the popular name Christine Hakim , is an Indonesian actress , film producer , and activist . Born to a devout Muslim family of a mixed @-@ race background in Jambi , she grew up in Yogyakarta , aspiring to be an architect or psychologist . This changed after she was discovered by Teguh Karya for his 1973 movie Cinta Pertama , a role which garnered her a Citra Award for Best Actress and convinced her to follow a career in acting . Since then , she has starred in numerous films , including 1977 's Badai Pasti Berlalu and 1988 's Tjoet Nja ' Dhien ; she also had a minor role in the 2010 Hollywood movie Eat Pray Love . As of 2011 , she has won six Citra Awards , received a lifetime achievement award from the Cinemanila International Film Festival , and served as a member of the jury at the Cannes Film Festival 
 Hakim began branching out from acting in 1998 , beginning with roles as producer of Daun di Atas Bantal and Pasir Berbisik and eventually spreading to documentary film @-@ making and an activist for education and autism . Beginning in 2008 , she has served as Indonesia 's goodwill ambassador to UNESCO , focusing on educational issues . 
 
 = = Biography = = 
 
 Hakim was born in Kuala Tungkal , Jambi on 25 December 1956 , but grew up in Yogyakarta . She is of mixed descent , with her relatives coming from Padang , Aceh , Banten , Pekalongan , Madiun , and the Middle East ; this caused her to question her identity as a child and teenager . Despite being devout Muslims , her parents named her Christine and Natalia because she was born on Christmas Day . 
 Originally , Hakim did not intend to be an actress , but an architect or psychologist . However , she was cast in Teguh Karya 's 1973 film Cinta Pertama after he saw pictures of her modelling in a magazine ; despite only modelling to help her friend and not wanting to act , she was unable to decline Karya 's request for fear of being impolite to such a " warm and friendly " person . She later described Karya as having " reeled [ her ] in , slowly , slowly , like a fisherma , " and considered leaving acting after wrapping up filming . Her work in Cinta Pertama garnered her a Citra Award for Best Actress , which convinced her to continue acting . Karya later told her that he had fought with his producer over her casting ; the producer expressed concern that Hakim was " too thin and had no chest , " to which Karya replied " are we selling a film or are we selling breasts ? " 
 The following year , Hakim starred in another Karya @-@ directed film , Kawin Lari ( Elope ) . The experience gave her a greater understanding of acting , causing her to " see life from a different perspective in studying [ her ] character . " It was followed by a role in 1976 's Sesuatu yang Indah ( Something Beautiful ) , directed by Wim Umboh . Sesuatu yang Indah was the first film in which Hakim used her own voice ; her voice had been dubbed by Titi Qadarsih in previous movies ; Hakim 's own voice had been considered " too heavy . " The next year , she starred in Badai Pasti Berlalu , appearing on the poster and the cover of the soundtrack album . 
 Hakim presented 14 Indonesian films at the Nantes Three Continents Festival in November 1983 ; she had acted in half of them . Two years later she became an observer at the Cannes Film Festival , striking up a working relationship with Pierre Risient , who later assisted her in bringing her films to Cannes . 
 One of these was Eros Djarot 's 1988 film Tjoet Nja ' Dhien , in which Hakim was cast as Acehnese guerilla leader Cut Nyak Dhien . It won the 1989 Cannes Film Festival award for Best International Film , being screened in Le Semaine de Critique . Hakim later described the role as a " huge honour " and " very challenging " ; she has credited the role for answering her questions on her identity . The film later became Indonesia 's submission to the 62nd Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film . 
 Hakim screened her first work as a producer , Daun di Atas Bantal ( Leaf on a Pillow ) during Un Certain Regard at Cannes ten years later . When producing the film , she chose young director Garin Nugroho , whom she perceived to be highly talented ; she also took the leading role . During production , she made a mistake that required the reshooting of all footage . In an attempt to cut expenses , she had saved all cans of exposed film to send to the developing lab at once ; the lab then notified her that a technical fault with the camera had rendered all of it unusable and that the problem could have been detected earlier had she sent each can as it was filmed . 
 Another production , 2001 's Pasir Berbisik ( Whispering Sands ) , went more smoothly . The film , which Hakim co @-@ produced and played the leading role , was screened at the Deauville Asian Film Festival . The following year she was appointed to the jury of the Cannes Film Festival , along with Michelle Yeoh . In 2005 she received a special tribute during the opening ceremony of the 7th Deauville Asian Film Festival . 
 In 2003 , Hakim began work with RCTI and Metro TV on the TV show Untukmu Guru ( For You , Teacher ) . Five years later , Hakim was selected Indonesia ’ s voluntary goodwill ambassador for UNESCO ; she has used the position to promote education , push for education reforms in Indonesia , and promote disaster relief programs in South @-@ East Asia . 
 Hakim 's first Hollywood experience came in 2010 , Hakim played Wayan , a Balinese jamu seller , alongside Julia Roberts in Eat Pray Love . Arriving in Bali three days before shooting , she found herself rushed to read the script , be fitted , and rid herself of her green hair . She met with the person her character was based on to prepare for her role . That same year , Hakim accepted a FIAPF Award for her " outstanding achievements " ; she compared the award to Viagra , saying that it " make [ s ] [ her ] stronger to satisfy [ audiences ] " . 
 Hakim is also a documentary filmmaker . She has made a documentary on the Indonesian UNESCO World Heritage Sites , and in 2011 produced a documentary on autism to " educate the public " that was released to coincide with World Autism Awareness Day . As of May 2011 , she is producing a documentary on the Dayak people of Kalimantan . She is considering making a fiction film based on their culture . 
 
 = = Activism = = 
 
 Beginning in the early 2000s , Hakim became an activist , with a focus on education . After the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami , she went on numerous humanitarian trips to Aceh . She later founded the Christine Hakim feature , a foundation to promote public education about autism . She has urged the government to eliminate misconceptions regarding autism , calling the refusal to accept autistic students in public schools " a violation of human rights " . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 In 2000 , Hakim married Dutchman Jeroen Lezer , a film producer , writer and actor . They currently live in Cibubur East Jakarta with Hakim 's mother and adopted daughter Shena ; Bruce Emond of The Jakarta Post describes her home as being " like a lush secret garden amid the creeping suburbia " . 
 Hakim generally avoids discussing her personal life with the press and is unwilling to discuss topics that are not of public interest . In 1992 she said that " 90 percent of the journalists here aren 't interested in [ her ] films , they just want to know about [ her ] private life . " 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Hakim has been described as the " grande dame of Indonesian cinema " as well as " Indonesia ’ s foremost actress " . She has also received a lifetime achievement award at the Cinemanila International Film Festival . 
 Hakim has received several awards for her films : 
 Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Cinta Pertama ( 1973 ) 
 Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Sesuatu Yang Indah ( 1976 ) 
 Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Pengemis dan Tukang Becak ( 1978 ) 
 Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Di Balik Kelambu ( 1982 ) 
 Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Kerikil @-@ Kerikil Tajam ( 1984 ) 
 Citra Award for Best Leading Actress , for Tjoet Nja ' Dhien ( 1988 ) 
 Best Actress at Asia Pacific International Film Festival 
 Hakim has refused a position on the Asia Pacific Screen Awards numerous times , due to being unable to reconcile her schedule with the awards . 
 
 = = Filmography = = 
 
 Cinta Pertama ( First Love ; 1973 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1974 , Surabaya ) 
 Atheis ( Atheist ; 1974 ) 
 Ranjang Pengantin ( Wedding Bed ; 1974 ) 
 Kawin Lari ( Elope ; 1975 ) 
 Si Doel Anak Modern ( Doel the Modern Child ; 1976 ) 
 Sesuatu yang Indah ( Something Beautiful ; 1977 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1977 , Jakarta ) 
 Badai Pasti Berlalu ( The Storm Will Surely Pass ; 1977 ) 
 Petualang @-@ Petualang ( Wanderers ; 1977 ) 
 Pengemis dan Tukang Becak ( The Beggar and the Pedicab Driver ; 1978 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1979 , Palembang ) 
 Dr. Siti Pertiwi ( 1980 ) 
 Seputih Hatinya , Semerah Bibirnya ( As White as the Heart , as Red as the Lips ; 1982 ) 
 Di Balik Kelambu ( Behind the Screen ; 1982 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1983 , Medan ) 
 Ponirah Terpidana ( Ponirah is Convicted ; 1984 ) 
 Kerikil @-@ Kerikil Tajam ( Sharp Pebbles ; 1984 ) ( awarded Citra FFI 1985 , Bandung ) 
 Tjoet Nja ' Dhien ( 1988 ) ( awarded Citra FFI ) 
 Nemuru Otoko - Japan ( 1994 ) ( The Sleeping Man ; 1994 ) 
 De Gordel van Smaragd - Netherlands ( 1997 ) ( The Tropic of Emerald ; 1997 ) 
 Daun di Atas Bantal ( Leaf on a Pillow ; 1998 ) 
 Pasir Berbisik ( Whispering Sands ; 2001 ) 
 Merantau ( Find Oneself ; 2009 ) 
 Jamila dan Sang Presiden ( Jamila and the President ; 2009 ) 
 Eat Pray Love ( 2010 ) 
 Sang Kiai ( 2013 ) ( The Clerics ; 2013 ) 
 Pendekar Tongkat Emas ( 2014 ) ( The Golden Cane Warrior ; 2014 ) 
 De Reis - Netherlands ( Short ) ( 2014 ) ( The Journey ; 2014 ) 
 Guru Bangsa HOS Tjokroaminoto ( 2014 ) ( HOS Tjokroaminoto : Teacher of the People ; 2014 ) 
 
 
 = A Month in the Country ( film ) = 
 
 A Month in the Country is a 1987 British film directed by Pat O 'Connor . The film is an adaptation of the novel of the same name by J. L. Carr , and stars Colin Firth , Kenneth Branagh , Natasha Richardson and Patrick Malahide . The screenplay was by Simon Gray . 
 Set in rural Yorkshire during the summer of 1920 , the film follows a destitute World War I veteran employed to carry out restoration work on a Medieval mural discovered in a rural church while coming to terms with the after @-@ effects of the war . 
 Shot during the summer of 1986 and featuring an original score by Howard Blake , the film has been neglected since its 1987 cinema release and it was only in 2004 that an original 35 mm film print was discovered due to the intervention of a fan . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Set in 1920 , the film follows the experiences of Tom Birkin ( Colin Firth ) , who has been employed under a bequest to carry out restoration work on a Medieval mural discovered in a church in the small rural community of Oxgodby , Yorkshire . The escape to the idyllic countryside is cathartic for Birkin , haunted by his experiences in World War I. Birkin soon fits into the slow @-@ paced life of the remote village , and over the course of the summer uncovering the painting begins to lose his trauma @-@ induced stammer and tics . 
 In particular , he forms a close friendship with archaeologist James Moon ( Kenneth Branagh ) , another veteran , who like Birkin has been emotionally scarred by the war . Moon is employed in the village under the same bequest , working to uncover a mysterious lost grave , but is more interested in discovering the remains of an earlier Saxon church building in the field next to the churchyard . 
 Birkin becomes accepted into the Nonconformist family of Mr Ellerbeck the station master ( Jim Carter ) , with whom he dines on Sundays ; the hospitality of the chapel congregation is contrasted against the established church , who have consigned the penniless Birkin to sleep in the church belfry . Ellerbeck 's children eventually persuade Birkin to preach a sermon at a nearby Methodist chapel . Birkin also forms an emotional , albeit unspoken , attachment to Alice Keach ( Natasha Richardson ) , the young wife of the vicar . The vicar himself ( Patrick Malahide ) is portrayed unsympathetically as an obstruction to the work in the church , viewing the medieval painting as symptomatic of the superstition prevalent in the community . 
 
 = = Cast = = 
 
 A Month in the Country featured film debuts or early roles of several notable British actors . Although it was the third cinema feature film to cast Colin Firth , it was his first lead role . Similarly , it was Kenneth Branagh 's first cinema film , and Natasha Richardson 's second . Conversely , it was the last role of David Garth who died in May 1988 . 
 Colin Firth as Tom Birkin 
 Kenneth Branagh as James Moon 
 Natasha Richardson as Alice Keach 
 Patrick Malahide as the Reverend J.G. Keach 
 Jim Carter as Ellerbeck 
 Vicki Arundale as Kathy Ellerbeck 
 Martin O 'Neil as Edgar Ellerbeck 
 Richard Vernon as Colonel Hebron 
 Tim Barker as Mossop 
 David Garth as Old Birkin 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Development = = = 
 
 Initially intended to be a made @-@ for @-@ TV film , the film 's producer Kenith Trodd upgraded his original plan to a cinema feature . The original working title for the film was " Falling Man " . Playwright Simon Gray was commissioned to write the screenplay , and Pat O ’ Connor chosen to direct . In contrast to the book , which is narrated as a recollection by Birkin as an old man , the film is set entirely in the 1920s , except for a brief moment towards the end . In initial drafts of the screenplay , Gray had included a narrator , but O 'Connor felt this was not the correct way to present the story : 
 I felt that if I couldn ’ t do it in the present , suggesting internal pain by performance , then I wouldn ’ t really want to do it at all . 
 Funding for the film was scarce , and it eventually fell to Euston Films ( a subsidiary of Thames Television ) and Channel Four Films , who had had some success with low budget features such as My Beautiful Laundrette . 
 
 = = = Filming = = = 
 
 To compensate for the lack of budget , a very tight shooting schedule was planned over 28 days , during which Kenneth Branagh was only available for two weeks and was performing on @-@ stage nightly in London . 
 Despite being set in Yorkshire , the majority of location filming was moved to Buckinghamshire , although Levisham railway station and the surrounding area in North Yorkshire were utilised . The location shooting of the film began on August 18 , 1986 at St. Mary 's church in Radnage . Filming was periodically hindered by inclement weather — the perfect summer in which the book was set was not forthcoming , and scenes were filmed during breaks in heavy rain . Interiors were shot at Bray Studios in Berkshire . 
 The church , which is a main location for the film , was substantially set @-@ dressed . Despite having several original medieval wall paintings , the largest addition was the creation of the medieval mural by artist Margot Noyes . To create the impression of an austere country church , Victorian stone flags were replaced with brick pavers for the duration of filming and the original wall paintings covered up . Plastic guttering and other modern additions were covered up or removed . The churchyard had several gravestones added , including the large box tomb which is a focus of several scenes . 
 Several members of the local community were used as extras in the film , and local children were recruited by the director to collect butterflies to be released out @-@ of @-@ shot to create a " summer feeling " . However there was some opposition to the disruption caused by the filming , and also problems involving unwelcome damage to a section of the interior plasterwork , which had to be restored after filming had concluded . 
 
 = = = Music = = = 
 
 The soundtrack of the film was written by Howard Blake , and is scored entirely for string orchestra in the style of early 20th Century British music . Blake notes that the style chosen was intended to complement and contrast recordings of classical music during particular scenes : Verdi 's Quattro pezzi sacri was used during the uncovering of the mediaeval mural and a flashback montage of the First World War which opened the film utilised an excerpt from Schubert 's Deutsche Messe ( D. 872 ) " Zum Sanctus : Heilig , heilig ist der Herr " . 
 Howard Blake recalls : " I went to a viewing and saw that the film was very profound , with a serious anti @-@ war theme , but a certain amount of ' found ' choral music had already been laid in by the editors ... I explained that I loved the film and I thought the choral / orchestral music worked brilliantly but it was very big and rich and I felt a score would have to emerge from it and be very pure and expressive and quite small — and that I could only hear this in my head as done by strings only . " Blake decided to compose his score to match the key of the Schubert Mass , in order for the music to continue seamlessly . However , during the recording session with his orchestra , the Sinfonia of London , he found that the Schubert piece was running slow and therefore flat , and he had to ask the players to tune flat to match his intended key . 
 Due to the small budget of the film , Blake agreed " in lieu of a reasonable fee " to retain the copyright to his music . The score was subsequently arranged into a suite for string orchestra , and is available on CD in a recording by the English Northern Philharmonia conducted by Paul Daniel . 
 
 = = Reception and awards = = 
 
 Upon its release in 1987 , the film was generally well received by critics . Rita Kempley , writing in The Washington Post suggested " It 's all rather Arthurian , with its chivalric hero on his spiritual quest , the atmosphere suffused , seeming to dance with once and future truths . " Tom Hutchinson in the Mail on Sunday praised " a script whose delight is in the rounded reality of its characters " . Janet Maslin , writing in The New York Times praised O 'Connor 's direction , suggesting it lent the film " a strong sense of yearning , as well as a spiritual quality more apparent in the look of the film than in its dialogue . " Desmond Ryan of The Philadelphia Inquirer wrote " Rarely has the impossibility of love been more wrenchingly presented than in the scenes of dashed hope between Firth and Richardson . 
 However , Nigel Andrews of the Financial Times found it " like a pastoral parable that has been left outside in the damp too long , causing its batteries to go flat " and following a 2008 screening , Sam Jordison of The Guardian suggested " even though this film is ( unusually ) faithful to the book ... it is really little better than inoffensive . Somehow the magic that makes JL Carr 's book so precious is missing . " 
 The film was the recipient of two awards : Pat O 'Connor won the Silver Rosa Camuna at the Bergamo Film Meeting in 1987 and Howard Blake was awarded the Anthony Asquith Award for Musical Excellence by the British Film Institute in 1988 . In addition , Colin Firth was nominated for an Evening Standard Award . The film was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival . 
 
 = = DVD and Blu @-@ ray release = = 
 
 Following its cinema release , the film was transferred to VHS in 1991 in a pan and scan edition . However , when Glyn Watkins , a poet who had been encouraged by J.L. Carr early in his career , wanted to screen the film at the launch of a poetry book in 2003 at the National Media Museum in Bradford , the museum found that all original 35mm film prints had disappeared . 
 Undeterred , Watkins contacted the agents of the cast and director , and eventually the online fan clubs " Friends of Firth " and " Ken Friends " . He discovered that the film had appeared as part of the National Film Theatre 's Branagh season in May 1999 , and that the film 's American distributors , Warner Bros. , had a print in a bonded warehouse . However , it was unclear who possessed the rights to the film . Only after several months it was found that Channel 4 still owned the rights , and the film was eventually released on a limited @-@ edition Region 2 DVD in late 2004 . However , the DVD is now no longer widely available in the United Kingdom . In 2008 , a complete 96 minute print was located in the Academy Film Archive in Los Angeles and a campaign began to have it restored and released on DVD . A limited edition Region A Blu @-@ ray release of the full 96 minute version of the film is planned on 14 July 2015 . 
 
 
 = Hydnellum peckii = 
 
 Hydnellum peckii is an inedible ( though not toxic ) fungus , and a member of the genus Hydnellum of the family Bankeraceae . It is a hydnoid species , producing spores on the surface of vertical spines or tooth @-@ like projections that hang from the undersurface of the fruit bodies . It is found in North America , Europe , and was recently discovered in Iran ( 2008 ) and Korea ( 2010 ) . Hydnellum peckii is a mycorrhizal species , and forms mutually beneficial relationships with a variety of coniferous trees , growing on the ground singly , scattered , or in fused masses . 
 The fruit bodies typically have a funnel @-@ shaped cap with a white edge , although the shape can be highly variable . Young , moist fruit bodies can " bleed " a bright red fluid that contains a pigment known to have anticoagulant properties similar to heparin . The unusual appearance of the young fruit bodies has earned the species several descriptive common names , including strawberries and cream , the bleeding Hydnellum , the bleeding tooth fungus , the red @-@ juice tooth , and the Devil 's tooth . Although Hydnellum peckii fruit bodies are readily identifiable when young , they become brown and nondescript when they age . 
 
 = = Taxonomy , phylogeny , and naming = = 
 
 The species was first described scientifically by American mycologist Howard James Banker in 1913 . Italian Pier Andrea Saccardo placed the species in the genus Hydnum in 1925 , while Walter Henry Snell and Esther Amelia Dick placed it in Calodon in 1956 ; Hydnum peckii ( Banker ) Sacc. and Calodon peckii Snell & E.A. Dick are synonyms of Hydnellum peckii . 
 The fungus is classified in the stirps ( species thought to be descendants of a common ancestor ) Diabolum of the genus Hydnellum , a grouping of similar species with the following shared characteristics : flesh that is marked with concentric lines that form alternating pale and darker zones ( zonate ) ; an extremely peppery taste ; a sweetish odor ; spores that are ellipsoid , and not amyloid ( that is , not absorbing iodine when stained with Melzer 's reagent ) , acyanophilous ( not staining with the reagent Cotton Blue ) , and covered with tubercules ; the presence of clamp connections in the hyphae . Molecular analysis based on the sequences of the internal transcribed spacer DNA of several Hydnellum species placed H. peckii as most closely related to H. ferrugineum and H. spongiosipes . 
 The specific epithet honors mycologist Charles Horton Peck . The fungus is known in the vernacular by several names , including " strawberries and cream " , the " bleeding Hydnellum " , the " red @-@ juice tooth " , " Peck 's hydnum " , the " bleeding tooth fungus " , and the " devil 's tooth " . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 As in all mushroom @-@ producing fungi , the fruit bodies ( sporocarps ) are the reproductive structures that are produced from fungal mycelium when the appropriate environmental conditions of temperature , humidity and nutrient availability are met . Hydnellum peckii is a stipitate hydnoid fungus , meaning that it has a cap atop a stipe ( stem ) , and a form resembling a Hydnum — characterized by a teeth @-@ like hymenium , rather than gills or pores on the underside of the cap . Fruit bodies growing closely together often appear to fuse together ( this is called " confluence " ) . They can reach a height of up to 10 @.@ 5 cm ( 4 @.@ 1 in ) . Fresh fruit bodies exude a striking , thick red fluid when they are moist . 
 The cap 's surface is convex to flattened , more or less uneven and sometimes slightly depressed in the center . It is usually densely covered with " hairs " that give it a texture similar to felt or velvet ; these hairs are sloughed off in age , leaving the caps of mature specimens smooth . Its shape varies from somewhat round to irregular , 4 to 10 cm ( 1 @.@ 6 to 3 @.@ 9 in ) , or even as much as 20 cm ( 7 @.@ 9 in ) wide as a result of confluence . The cap is initially whitish , but later turns slightly brownish , with irregular dark @-@ brown to nearly black blotches where it is bruised . In maturity , the surface is fibrous and tough , scaly and jagged , grayish @-@ brown in the upper part of the cap , and somewhat woody . The flesh is a pale pinkish @-@ brown . 
 The teeth are slender , cylindrical and tapering ( terete ) , less than 5 mm ( 0 @.@ 20 in ) long , and become shorter closer to the cap edge . They are crowded together , with typically between three and five teeth per square millimeter . Pinkish @-@ white initially , they age to a grayish @-@ brown . The stem is thick , very short , and often deformed . It becomes bulbous where it penetrates the ground , and may root into the soil for several centimeters . Although it may reach up to 5 cm ( 2 @.@ 0 in ) in total length , and is 1 to 3 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 to 1 @.@ 2 in ) wide , only about 0 @.@ 1 to 1 cm ( 0 @.@ 0 to 0 @.@ 4 in ) appear above ground . The upper part is covered with the same teeth found on the underside of the cap , whereas the lower part is hairy and often encases debris from the forest floor . The odor of the fruit body has been described as " mild to disagreeable " , or , as Banker suggested in his original description , similar to hickory nuts . 
 
 = = = Microscopic features = = = 
 
 In deposit , the spores appear brown . Viewing them with a light microscope reveals finer details of their structure : they are roughly spherical but end abruptly in a small point , their surfaces are covered with small , wart @-@ like nodules , and their size is between 5 @.@ 0 – 5 @.@ 3 by 4 @.@ 0 – 4 @.@ 7 µm . The spores are in amyloid , meaning they do not absorb iodine when stained with Melzer 's reagent . 
 Hydnellum peckii 's cells ( the hyphae ) also present various characters useful for its characterization . The hyphae that form the cap are hyaline ( translucent ) , smooth , thin @-@ walled , and 3 – 4 µm thick . They collapse when dry , but may be readily revived with a weak ( 2 % ) solution of potassium hydroxide . Those in the cap form an intricate tangle with a tendency to run longitudinally . They are divided into cellular compartments ( septa ) and have clamp connections — short branches connecting one cell to the previous cell to allow passage of the products of nuclear division . The basidia , the spore @-@ bearing cells in the hymenium , are club @-@ shaped , four @-@ spored , and measure 35 – 40 by 4 @.@ 7 – 6 µm . 
 
 = = = Similar species = = = 
 
 Hydnellum diabolus ( the species epithet is given the neuter diabolum in some publications ) has a very similar appearance , so much so that some consider it and H. peckii to be synonymous ; H. diabolus is said to have a sweetish pungent odor that is lacking in H. peckii . The differences between the two species are amplified in mature specimens : H. diabolus has an irregularly thickened stem , while the stem of H. peckii is thickened by a " definite spongy layer " . Additionally , old specimens of H. peckii have a smooth cap , while H. diabolus is tomentose . The related species H. pineticola also exudes pink droplets of liquid when young and moist . Commonly found growing under conifers in northeastern North America , H. pineticola tastes " unpleasant " , but not acrid . Fruit bodies tend to grow singly , rather than in fused clusters , and , unlike H. peckii , they do not have bulbous stems . 
 
 = = Ecology = = 
 
 Hydnellum peckii is a mycorrhizal fungus , and as such establishes a mutualistic relationship with the roots of certain trees ( referred to as " hosts " ) , in which the fungus exchanges minerals and amino acids extracted from the soil for fixed carbon from the host . The subterranean hyphae of the fungus grow a sheath of tissue around the rootlets of a broad range of tree species , in an intimate association that is especially beneficial to the host ( termed ectomycorrhizal ) , as the fungus produces enzymes that mineralize organic compounds and facilitate the transfer of nutrients to the tree . 
 The ectomycorrhizal structures of H. peckii are among a few in the Bankeraceae that have been studied in detail . They are characterized by a plectenchymatous mantle — a layer of tissue made of hyphae tightly arranged in a parallel orientation , or palisade , and which rarely branch or overlap each other . These hyphae , along with adhering mineral soil particles , are embedded in a gelatinous matrix . The hyphae of the ectomycorrhizae can become chlamydospores , an adaptation that helps the fungus tolerate unfavorable conditions . Chlamydospores of H. peckii have a peculiar structure — markedly distinct from those of other Bankeraceae — with thick , smooth inner walls and an outer wall that is split radially into warts . The most striking characteristic of the ectomycorrhizae as a whole is the way the black outer layers of older sections are shed , giving a " carbonized appearance " . The majority of the underground biomass of the fungus is concentrated near the surface , most likely as " mycelial mats " — dense clusters of ectomycorrhizae and mycelium . The mycelium is also known to extend far beyond the site of the fruit bodies , as far as 337 centimeters ( 11 @.@ 1 ft ) away . 
 Molecular techniques have been developed to help with conservation efforts of stipitate hydnoid fungi , including H. peckii . While the distribution of the fungus has traditionally been determined by counting the fruit bodies , this method has a major drawback in that fruit bodies are not produced consistently every year , and the absence of fruit bodies is not an indication of the absence of its mycelium in the soil . More modern techniques using the polymerase chain reaction to assess the presence of the fungal DNA in the soil have helped alleviate the issues in monitoring the presence and distribution of fungi mycelia . 
 
 = = Habitat and distribution = = 
 
 The fruit bodies of Hydnellum peckii are found growing solitary , scattered , or clustered together on the ground under conifers , often among mosses and pine needle litter . H. peckii is a " late @-@ stage " fungus that , in boreal forests dominated by jack pine , typically begins associating with more mature hosts once the canopy has closed . A preference for mountainous or subalpine ecosystems has been noted . 
 The fungus has a wide distribution in North America , and is particularly common in the Pacific Northwest ; its range extends north to Alaska and east to North Carolina . In the Puget Sound area of the U.S. state of Washington , it is found in association with Douglas @-@ fir , fir , and hemlock . Along the Oregon Coast it has been collected under lodgepole pine . In addition to North America , the mushroom is widespread in Europe , and its presence has been documented in Italy , Germany , and Scotland . The species is common in the latter location , but becoming increasingly rare in several European countries , such as Norway , The Netherlands , and the Czech Republic . Increased pollution in central Europe has been suggested as one possible factor in the mushroom 's decline there . Reports from Iran in 2008 and Korea in 2010 were the first outside Europe and North America . 
 
 = = Uses = = 
 
 Although the fruit bodies of H. peckii have been described as resembling " Danish pastry topped with strawberry jam " , and Hydnellum species in general are not known to be poisonous , they are inedible due to their extremely bitter taste . This acridity persists even in dried specimens . 
 The fruit bodies of this and other Hydnellum species are prized by mushroom dyers . The colors may range from beige when no mordant is used , to various shades of blue or green depending on the mordant added . 
 
 = = Chemistry = = 
 
 Screening of an extract of Hydnellum peckii revealed the presence of an effective anticoagulant , named atromentin ( 2 @,@ 5 @-@ dihydroxy @-@ 3 @,@ 6 @-@ bis ( 4 @-@ hydroxyphenyl ) -1,4 @-@ benzoquinone ) , and similar in biological activity to the well @-@ known anticoagulant heparin . Atromentin also possesses antibacterial activity , inhibiting the enzyme enoyl @-@ acyl carrier protein reductase ( essential for the biosynthesis of fatty acids ) in the bacteria Streptococcus pneumoniae . 
 Hydnellum peckii can bioaccumulate the heavy metal caesium . In one Swedish field study , as much as 9 % of the total caesium of the topmost 10 cm ( 3 @.@ 9 in ) of soil was found in the fungal mycelium . In general , ectomycorrhizal fungi , which grow most prolifically in the upper organic horizons of the soil or at the interface between the organic and mineral layers , are involved in the retention and cycling of caesium @-@ 137 in organic @-@ rich forest soils . 
 
 
 = Gregory Helms = 
 
 Gregory Shane Helms ( born July 12 , 1974 ) is an American professional wrestler who is currently signed to Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) under his birth name . In TNA , he is the manager for former TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee . He is best known for his time with World Wrestling Entertainment ( WWE ) , where he wrestled as The Hurricane , Gregory Helms , and Hurricane Helms and also for his time with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) , where he wrestled as " Sugar " Shane Helms . 
 Helms first began wrestling in 1991 at the age of 16 , and wrestled in numerous independent promotions , including the Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts , winning numerous light heavyweight and tag team championships . In 1999 , he signed with WCW , and gained fame as " Sugar " Shane Helms , a member of 3 Count . During his time there he won both the WCW Hardcore Championship and the WCW Cruiserweight Championship . When WCW was bought by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF , now WWE ) , Helms ' contract was kept by WWF . Helms renamed himself " The Hurricane " and won the WWE Cruiserweight Championship . He later picked up a sidekick , Rosey , and they won the World Tag Team Championship together . 
 He dropped the superhero gimmick in 2005 , and began wrestling under his real name . He once again won the Cruiserweight Championship in early 2006 , and held it for over a year , becoming the longest reigning Cruiserweight Champion and the longest reigning champion of any kind in SmackDown history . After being out of action for over a year after neck fusion surgery Helms returned to SmackDown in September 2008 , referring to himself as Hurricane Helms , before moving to the ECW brand where he reverted to his Gregory Helms name , and became the backstage interviewer . In mid @-@ 2009 , he brought back The Hurricane character , and appeared as both Gregory Helms and The Hurricane on ECW . After ECW was cancelled , Helms was released by WWE on February 26 , 2010 , and returned to the independent circuit . 
 
 = = Professional wrestling career = = 
 
 
 = = = Early career ( 1991 – 1999 ) = = = 
 
 Helms began wrestling at the age of 16 in 1991 . He won his first championship shortly afterwards , by defeating " Playboy " T.C. Cruise to become the Southern Wrestling Alliance ( SWA ) Light Heavyweight Champion . Helms spent the majority of his early career in his home state of North Carolina , winning numerous light heavyweight championships . 
 Helms began calling himself " The Show " Shane Helms , and teamed with " Big Daddy " Mike Maverick , initially using the team name Assault and Battery . They later dubbed themselves The Serial Thrillaz , and won several independent tag championships . The pair also began wrestling in the Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts ( OMEGA ) , which was founded by The Hardy Boyz ( Matt and Jeff ) . The Serial Thrillaz won the OMEGA Tag Team Championship twice between 1997 and 1998 , before they began competing for Southern Championship Wrestling ( SCW ) . They won the SCW Tag Team Championship , and Helms also won the SCW Heavyweight Championship . SCW would mark the end of the Serial Thrillaz , as Helms vacated both titles before moving on to NWA Worldwide . Once there , Helms joined the Bad Street Boys with Shannon Moore , Christian York , and Joey Matthews . 
 
 = = = World Championship Wrestling ( 1999 – 2001 ) = = = 
 
 Helms and his friend Shannon Moore signed with World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) in May 1999 . In WCW , Helms , along with Moore and Evan Karagias , formed the heel ( villainous ) stable ( faction ) 3 Count , and the trio debuted on the December 23 episode of WCW Thunder . The trio was a parody of the boy bands ' N Sync and the Backstreet Boys , and their gimmick involved making music videos and performing songs before their matches . 
 3 Count collectively won the WCW Hardcore Championship on WCW Monday Nitro in February 2000 . This win made 3 Count the first trio to win the Hardcore Championship . At Uncensored , Brian Knobbs defeated all members of 3 Count to win the Hardcore Championship . During a match , Helms suffered a broken nose , and was sidelined while he recovered . Upon his return , Tank Abbott had been added to the group , as a fan , and was utilized in an enforcer role . 3 Count had a long @-@ running feud ( scripted rivalry ) with The Jung Dragons , with the Dragons attempting to steal 3 Count 's fictional recording contract . This led to a ladder match between the two teams at New Blood Rising , which 3 Count won due to Abbott 's interference . As a result , Abbott claimed that he should be the lead singer of 3 Count , and was kicked out by the other three members , leading to a feud . 
 3 Count later disbanded as Moore and Helms kicked Karagias out of the group for attempting to steal the spotlight . At the same time , the Jung Dragons turned on Jamie Noble , who formed a team with Karagias . The three teams met in a Triangle match at Mayhem , which 3 Count won . They also wrestled each other in a number one contendership ladder match at Starrcade , to earn a WCW Cruiserweight Championship match , in which both Moore and Helms grabbed the contract at the same time . As a result , they later wrestled for the opportunity to wrestle for the championship , which Helms won , although he lost the subsequent championship match to Chavo Guerrero at the Sin pay @-@ per @-@ view . 
 Moore and Helms would leave WCW briefly in 2001 to wrestle in NWA Wildside , where they held the Wildside Tag Team Championship for one day . Helms became the number one contender for the Cruiserweight Championship after winning a match at SuperBrawl Revenge , but was attacked by Karagias and Moore afterwards . Despite the attack , Helms would go on to defeat Guerrero for the WCW Cruiserweight Championship at Greed and was the reigning Cruiserweight Champion immediately before WCW was bought out by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) . Helms ' contract with WCW was one of twenty @-@ five that were included in WWF 's purchase of WCW . 
 
 = = = World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Early appearances ( 2001 – 2002 ) = = = = 
 
 Helms made his WWF debut on the July 5 , 2001 episode of SmackDown ! , using the name " Hollywood " Gregory Helms . He was part of the Invasion storyline as a member of The Alliance losing his Cruiserweight Championship in a one @-@ on @-@ one match to another Alliance member , Billy Kidman . 
 Helms began wrestling as " The Hurricane " on August 27 , and also began wearing a superhero costume . That night , he won the WWF European Championship from Matt Hardy with help from Ivory , but lost it to Bradshaw on October 22 , 2001 . In September 2001 , Helms formed a tag team with Lance Storm who was now managed by Ivory and Helms later picked up a sidekick , in Molly Holly who began to call herself " Mighty Molly " , and the two came to the arena in a custom " Hurri @-@ Cycle " ( with Molly in the sidecar ) . The team of Helms and Storm began feuds with teams like The Hardy Boyz and Big Show and Spike Dudley . Helms and Storm got a shot at the WCW Tag Team Championship against The Hardy Boyz at No Mercy in a losing effort . 
 During 2002 , The Hurricane won the WWF Hardcore Championship at WrestleMania X8 , but Molly betrayed him , hitting him in the back of the head with a frying pan , and defeating him for the championship . Helms was later drafted to the SmackDown ! brand following the brand extension , and he won the Cruiserweight Championship from Tajiri and Billy Kidman in a triple threat match . He lost it to Jamie Noble at King of the Ring . Later in 2002 , he was traded to Raw , won the World Tag Team Championship with Kane , and held them for around a month in an alliance known as Hurri @-@ Kane . 
 
 = = = = Teaming with Rosey ( 2003 – 2005 ) = = = = 
 
 In 2003 , Hurricane feuded with The Rock . In backstage segments , The Rock referred to The Hurricane as " The Hamburglar " ( in part because his mask was similar to the Hamburglar 's ) . The feud culminated in a match on Raw , in which The Rock dominated . Hurricane , however , was able to roll up The Rock from behind after The Rock was distracted by Stone Cold Steve Austin 's appearance on the ramp . 
 In late 2003 , Hurricane " discovered " Rosey 's potential as a superhero and christened him " Rosey , the Super Hero in Training " ( the " S.H.I.T. " ) . On May 1 , at Backlash , Rosey and The Hurricane defeated La Résistance in the finals of a Tag Team Turmoil match to win the World Tag Team Championship . Not long after winning the championship , Stacy Keibler joined Rosey and The Hurricane as their sidekick , " Super Stacy " . In August 2005 , Rosey and The Hurricane lost Keibler as their sidekick when she and Christy Hemme were traded to the SmackDown ! brand . On September 5 , 2005 Hurricane and Rosey were defeated by Lance Cade and Trevor Murdoch during Cade and Murdoch 's debut match on Raw . As a result , Cade and Murdoch earned a title match at the Unforgiven pay @-@ per @-@ view . During the title match , Murdoch delivered an elevated DDT on The Hurricane to the outside . The DDT caused Hurricane to suffer a storyline " stinger " and allowed Cade and Murdoch to beat the injured Hurricane later in the match to win the World Tag Team Titles . 
 During the next few weeks , the pair began a losing streak , mainly caused by Hurricane 's on @-@ screen injuries . During the October 17 episode of Raw , The Hurricane was assaulted by Kurt Angle at the request of Vince McMahon . After the beating , footage was shown of The Hurricane ripping off his mask and striking Rosey because he did not help him fend off Angle . The next week , The Hurricane no @-@ showed a World Tag Team Title match , leaving Rosey to face the champions alone . During the match , The Hurricane ( out of costume ) appeared at the top of the entrance ramp , reverting to his real name , Gregory Helms , and watched as Rosey was double teamed and defeated . After the match , Helms announced that he was fed up with being funny for the crowd , and that he was sick of carrying Rosey as a tag team partner . This turned him into a heel in the process . On the November 7 episode of Raw , Helms and Rosey faced off in a singles match , which Helms won . Subsequently , Helms wrestled mostly on Raw 's sister show , Heat . On the January 2 , 2006 episode of Raw Helms confronted Jerry Lawler over jokes that Lawler had been making at Helms ' expense , and Lawler said that when Helms was The Hurricane , he was entertaining and called Helms a joke . Helms responded by slapping Lawler , who hit Helms back . This confrontation led to Lawler defeating Helms in a match at New Year 's Revolution . 
 
 = = = = Cruiserweight Champion and injury ( 2006 – 2007 ) = = = = 
 
 At the 2006 Royal Rumble , Helms participated in an Open Invitational match for the Cruiserweight Championship and won , even though he was a Raw superstar and the championship was defended solely on SmackDown ! . As a result , he returned to the SmackDown ! brand in February 2006 to start a feud with Nunzio , Kid Kash and the other cruiserweights . During this time , Helms defeated Nunzio in a one @-@ on @-@ one match . The next week , he was supposed to defend against Kid Kash , but Kash was away on a family emergency , so Scotty 2 Hotty took his place . Helms defeated him and declared that he was better than all the other cruiserweights . As a result , all the cruiserweights at the show invaded the ring and attacked Helms . It was later announced by SmackDown ! General Manager Theodore Long that at the No Way Out pay @-@ per @-@ view event , Helms would face all the cruiserweights in a match for the title . Helms was able to retain the championship . Later , Long mandated that Helms had to defend his title against a cruiserweight each week on SmackDown ! to prove that he truly was better than all the cruiserweights . Helm 's first defense under this new rule was against Psicosis of The Mexicools ; Helms retained by cheating . 
 In early March 2006 , Helms suffered a broken nose . After complaining to Long about having to wrestle on the March 10 episode of SmackDown ! , Long told Helms that he did not have to defend his title , but put Helms in a champion versus champion match against the United States Champion , Chris Benoit . During the match , Helms attempted to leave , but was blocked by other cruiserweights who threw Helms back into the ring , resulting in Helms losing the match . Helms underwent successful surgery on his nose and was expected to miss five to six weeks . During this time SmackDown ! announcers stated that Helms had a no @-@ compete clause in his contract allowing him to waive the thirty @-@ day title defense rule due to any injury . Helms returned to the ring on the April 28 episode of SmackDown ! , teaming with MNM to face Super Crazy , London and Kendrick in a six @-@ man tag team match . Helms continued to defend his belt during pay @-@ per @-@ views , but he made more regular appearances on SmackDown ! ' s sister show , Velocity . 
 Helms continued defending his title against other cruiserweights , while on occasion facing off against SmackDown ! ' s other title holders in champion versus champion matches . Helms faced World Heavyweight Champion Rey Mysterio on June 16 and United States Champion Bobby Lashley on July 7 but lost both matches . Eventually , Helms became the longest cruiserweight champion in WWE history , as well as the longest reigning champion of any kind in SmackDown ! history . For much of late 2006 , he feuded with Matt Hardy , with whom Helms exchanged several victories in matches on SmackDown ! . In Helms ' hometown of Raleigh , North Carolina , at the 2006 No Mercy pay @-@ per @-@ view , Hardy beat Helms . The two rivals also joined opposing teams at Survivor Series , where Helms was in Team Rated @-@ RKO , and Hardy was a member of Team DX ; Team Rated @-@ RKO lost the match . 
 Helms went on to feud with Jimmy Wang Yang over the Cruiserweight Title , after a tag team match in which Matt Hardy and Yang defeated Helms and Sylvan . The feud ended after Helms defeated him to retain the title at Armageddon in December 2006 . In 2007 , Helms once again feuded with the entire Cruiserweight division on SmackDown ! . During this feud , Helms ' reign as Cruiserweight Champion came to an end at No Way Out , when he was unable to win a Cruiserweight open invitational , which saw Chavo Guerrero win the championship . Shortly after losing the championship , Helms formed a tag team with Guerrero , but they did not win any matches as a team . 
 On May 18 , 2007 , WWE reported that Helms had broken two vertebrae in his neck , one of which was pressing on his spinal cord . He underwent surgery with Dr. Lloyd Youngblood to repair them approximately a week later . Following the surgery , Helms was announced to be out for a year and a half due to the injury . 
 
 = = = = Interviewer and The Hurricane 's return ( 2008 – 2010 ) = = = = 
 
 Helms returned on the September 19 , 2008 , episode of SmackDown in a non @-@ wrestling role . Throughout the show , he appeared in short video promos , called " Hurrapops " , referring to himself as " Hurricane Helms " , a modified version of his old ring name " The Hurricane " , and mocked heel superstars including Shelton Benjamin and Curt Hawkins and Zack Ryder . In the following weeks , he mocked several other superstars in the " Hurrapops " , ending each promo with the phrase , " I 'm just sayin ' ! " On the November 28 episode of SmackDown , a " Hurrapop " appeared in which Helms announced that he would make his return to the ring on the next episode of SmackDown . On the December 5 episode of SmackDown , Helms defeated Montel Vontavious Porter in his ring return . Helms was quickly scripted into a feud with the United States Champion Shelton Benjamin , defeating him in two non @-@ title matches on SmackDown , although he failed to win a championship match on December 26 . 
 On April 15 , 2009 , Helms was drafted to the ECW brand as part of the 2009 Supplemental Draft . Helms made his ECW debut as a backstage interviewer on April 28 , 2009 , reverting to his Gregory Helms ring name , interviewing Evan Bourne . He started a storyline where , while he was interviewing someone , a scripted accident would occur , leading to Helms leaving the interview seconds before the person in distress was saved by The Hurricane . On the August 11 , 2009 episode of ECW , Helms was attacked by Paul Burchill after Helms denied being The Hurricane . The Hurricane later attacked Burchill in the ring dressed in his Hurricane attire , to save Yoshi Tatsu . The next week on ECW , he made his in @-@ ring debut for the brand as The Hurricane , and defeated Burchill . He continued to feud with Burchill , who attempted to expose The Hurricane 's true identity , until the November 17 episode of ECW when The Hurricane defeated Burchill in a mask versus career match . 
 On February 26 , 2010 , Helms was released from his WWE contract . 
 
 = = = Independent circuit ( 2010 – present ) = = = 
 
 Following his WWE release , Helms began wrestling on the independent circuit , including for the Canadian Wrestling 's Elite as Hurricane Helms . On October 23 , 2010 , Helms made his debut for Jersey All Pro Wrestling , where he , under his Hurricane gimmick , defeated Azrieal . On January 10 , 2011 , Helms signed a contract with Lucha Libre USA . In the promotion , Helms allied himself with Marco Corleone , and in his debut for the promotion at the January 22 tapings , he defeated Corleone 's rival and Lucha Libre USA Champion Lizmark Jr. via disqualification . 
 On January 29 , 2011 Helms made his debut for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla ( PWG ) , during the WrestleReunion 5 weekend , in a match , where he was defeated by Joey Ryan . He also took part in 20 @-@ Man Legends Battle Royale , making his second appearance of the night . He eliminated Cruel Connection , but later was thrown out by Shane Douglas and Terry Funk . 
 In April 2011 , Helms wrestled at Carolina Wrestling Federation ( Mid @-@ Atlantic ) where he defeated Ric Converse and won the vacant PWI International Heavyweight Championship . In 2013 , Helms returned to the revived OMEGA , now called OMEGA Championship Wrestling , and on October 12 , he defeated Shane Williams to advance in a tournament for the OMEGA Championship . On November 16 , 2013 , Helms was defeated by Chris Hero at a Pro Wrestling Syndicate event . 
 
 = = = Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( 2015 – present ) = = = 
 
 In March 2015 , Helms received a tryout for Total Nonstop Action Wrestling ( TNA ) as an agent and began working for the company within that capacity that same month . At Bound for Glory , Helms made his on @-@ screen debut under his full birth name to congratulate the TNA X Division Champion Tigre Uno . On the February 2 episode of Impact Wrestling , Helms assisted Trevor Lee in defeating Tigre Uno for the X Division Championship , turning heel in the process . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 Helms is a comic book fan , and one of his favorite characters is the Green Lantern . He has a tattoo on his biceps which is the Lantern 's logo and his original WWE character , The Hurricane , was inspired by the Green Lantern . In 2008 , he got a tattoo of his last name on his upper back . Helms owns a motorcycle called " The Hurri @-@ Cycle " , which he got when he was using The Hurricane gimmick . Helms is good friends with Jeff Hardy , Matt Hardy and Shannon Moore.He appears on The Hardy Show , The Hardys ' internet show . He also performed as the stunt double of actor David Arquette in the movie Ready to Rumble . 
 On March 19 , 2007 , Sports Illustrated posted on its website an article in its continuing series investigating a steroid and HGH ring used by a number of professional athletes in several sports . That article mentioned several current and former WWE wrestlers , including Helms who was alleged to have obtained HGH . WWE has since made a statement on this situation , mentioning that the allegations preceded the Talent Wellness program WWE launched in April 2006 . On August 30 , 2007 , an article by Sports Illustrated named Helms and nine other wrestlers to be given growth hormone not in compliance with the WWE Talent Wellness program . He was said to have received testosterone , HGH and nandrolone between November 2003 and February 2007 . 
 On May 6 , 2008 , Helms was assaulted in a club in Johnston County , North Carolina , by an acquaintance , Dustin Narron . An argument between the two of them led to Narron hitting Helms in the face . Narron was later charged with assault and battery . On January 27 , 2010 , Helms and fellow WWE wrestler Chris Jericho were arrested in Fort Mitchell , Kentucky after leaving a bar . A police report stated that Helms had punched Jericho and the other passengers in the cab they were sharing . Helms and Jericho were given tickets for public intoxication and released after each posted a $ 120 bail bond . On March 13 , 2011 , Helms was cited for affray following an altercation at a bar in Smithfield , North Carolina . 
 On May 5 , 2011 , Helms and his girlfriend were involved in a motorbike accident in North Carolina , for which Helms was charged with driving under the influence . Helms suffered a broken leg , ankle , jaw , and nose during the accident , as well as sustaining other fractures and receiving over 200 stitches , while his girlfriend sustained a broken neck . As a result of the accident , Helms ' foot had to be reconstructed with four plates and 22 screws . 
 Helms was previously in a relationship with fellow professional wrestler Jamie Szantyr , from 2004 @-@ 2009 who is better known by her ring name Velvet Sky . In June 2012 , Helms ' girlfriend gave birth to his first child , a boy named Sebastian . 
 
 = = In wrestling = = 
 
 Finishing moves 
 Eye of the Hurricane ( WWF / E ) / Nightmare on Helms Street ( WCW / WWE ) ( Spinning headlock elbow drop ) 
 Hurrichokeslam ( Chokeslam ) – 2002 – 2003 ; used rarely thereafter 
 Avalanche Swinging Neckbreaker – 2005 @-@ 2007 ; used rarely thereafter 
 Double knee facebreaker 
 Shining wizard – 2003 – present 
 Vertebreaker – 2000 – 2003 
 Signature moves 
 Diving splash 
 Elbow smash 
 European uppercut on the turnbuckle as a counter to an oncoming opponent 
 Frog splash into a diving crossbody 
 Headscissors takedown 
 Hurricanrana 
 Hurri @-@ clothesline ( Leaping clothesline ) 
 Jumping neckbreaker 
 Jumping tornado DDT 
 Overcast ( Diving neckbreaker ) 
 Somersault plancha 
 Straight jacket sitout rear mat slam 
 Sugarsmack ( WCW ) / Hurri @-@ Kick ( WWF ) ( Superkick ) 
 Suplex 
 Topé con hilo 
 TopSpin Facebuster ( Fireman 's carry spun out into a facebreaker knee smash ) ( often followed by a shining wizard ) 
 X @-@ Plex 
 Managers 
 Mike Maverick 
 Ivory 
 Mighty Molly 
 Super Stacy 
 Tank Abbott 
 Wrestlers managed 
 Trevor Lee 
 Andrew Everett 
 Nicknames 
 " Hollywood " 
 " The Show " 
 " Sugar " 
 " Supernatural " 
 Entrance themes 
 World Championship Wrestling 
 " Can 't Get You Out of My Heart " by 3 Count 
 " Do the Three Count " by 3 Count 
 " Vertebreaker " by Jimmy Hart and Howard Helm 
 World Wrestling Entertainment 
 " Eye of the Hurricane " by Jim Johnston ( WWF / E ; August 2001 – October 2005 ; August 2009 – February 2010 ) 
 " Fire Storm A " by Wolfgang Killian & Hermann Langschwert ( WWE ; November 2005 – February 2007 ) 
 " It 's Time " by Jim Johnston ( WWE ; February 2007 – January 2009 ) 
 
 = = Championships and accomplishments = = 
 
 Carolina Championship Wrestling Alliance 
 CCWA Light Heavyweight Championship ( 2 times ) 
 Empire State Wrestling 
 ESW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Johnny Adams 
 New Dimension Wrestling 
 NDW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Mike Maverick 
 NWA Wildside 
 NWA Wildside Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Shannon Moore 
 Other titles 
 NAPW Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time ) 
 Organization of Modern Extreme Grappling Arts 
 OMEGA Tag Team Championship ( 2 times ) – with Mike Maverick 
 Pro Wrestling Illustrated 
 PWI ranked him 21 of the 500 best singles wrestlers in the PWI 500 in 2003 
 Pro Wrestling International 
 PWI International Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time ) 
 Southern Championship Wrestling 
 SCW Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time ) 
 SCW Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Mike Maverick 
 Southern Wrestling Alliance 
 SWA Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time ) 
 Texas Championship Wrestling 
 TCW Texas Tag Team Championship ( 1 time ) – with Lenny Lane 
 World Championship Wrestling 
 WCW Hardcore Championship ( 1 time ) 
 WCW Cruiserweight Championship ( 1 time ) 
 World Wrestling Federation / Entertainment 
 WWF European Championship ( 1 time ) 
 WWF Hardcore Championship ( 1 time ) 
 WWE Cruiserweight Championship ( 3 times ) 
 World Tag Team Championship ( 2 times ) – with Kane ( 1 ) and Rosey ( 1 ) 
 World Wrestling Organization 
 WWO Light Heavyweight Championship ( 1 time ) 
 Wrestling Observer Newsletter 
 Best Gimmick ( 2001 ) 
 
 = = = Lucha de Apuesta record = = = 
 
 
 
 = New York State Route 38 = 
 
 New York State Route 38 ( NY 38 ) is a north – south state highway in the Finger Lakes region of New York in the United States . Its southern terminus is at an intersection with NY 96 in the town of Owego in Tioga County . The northern terminus is at a junction with NY 104A in the town of Sterling in Cayuga County . NY 38 is a two @-@ lane local road for most of its length . The route is the main access road to parts of Auburn , Dryden , Newark Valley and Port Byron . It passes through mountainous terrain in Tioga and Cortland counties , but the terrain levels out as it heads through the Finger Lakes area and Cayuga County . 
 The route intersects several long @-@ distance highways , including NY 13 in Dryden , U.S. Route 20 ( US 20 ) and NY 5 in Auburn , and NY 31 in Port Byron . It passes over the New York State Thruway ( Interstate 90 or I @-@ 90 ) north of Port Byron ; however , there is no connection between the two . NY 38 has two suffixed routes . The first , NY 38A is an alternate route of NY 38 between Moravia and Auburn , while the other , NY 38B , is a simple east – west connector in the Southern Tier . While NY 38 runs along the western shore of Owasco Lake , NY 38A travels to Auburn along a routing east of the lake . 
 NY 38 passes along or near waterbodies for much of its length . From its southern end in Owego to the town of Harford , the route parallels Owego Creek or a branch of said creek . Between Groton and Mentz , it runs along the aforementioned Owasco Lake and its inlet ( south of the lake ) and outlet ( north of the lake ) . It also comes within 4 miles ( 6 km ) of Lake Ontario at its northern end . 
 In the 1920s , the portion of NY 38 between Owego and Freeville was designated as New York State Route 42 while the segment from Freeville to Moravia was the southern part of New York State Route 26 , a highway that continued north from Moravia to Syracuse . NY 38 was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , utilizing all of pre @-@ 1930 NY 42 , the Freeville – Moravia portion of NY 26 , and a previously unnumbered highway north to Sterling . Originally , NY 38 extended south into the village of Owego by way of an overlap with NY 96 . It was truncated to its current southern terminus by 1994 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 All of NY 38 — save for two sections within the city of Auburn — is maintained by the New York State Department of Transportation ( NYSDOT ) . In Auburn , the route is city @-@ maintained to the north and south of where the route meets US 20 and NY 5 in downtown Auburn . The portion of NY 38 that runs between and overlaps with those two routes is state @-@ maintained . 
 
 = = = Tioga and Cortland counties = = = 
 
 NY 38 begins at an intersection with NY 96 about 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 8 km ) north of the Owego village limits in the town of Owego . The road heads northeastward as a two @-@ lane highway , paralleling Owego Creek as it proceeds along the base of a valley surrounding the waterway . The Tioga County portion of NY 38 passes through mostly rural , forested areas with only small , scattered pockets of development . The route continues toward the hamlet of Flemingville , where the Owego Creek splits into western and eastern branches . NY 38 does not enter the community ; instead , it bypasses it to the southeast and follows the eastern branch of Owego Creek into the town of Newark Valley . 
 The amount of homes along the route begins to increase as NY 38 approaches the village of Newark Valley . Just south of the village limits , NY 38 intersects NY 38B , a spur leading to NY 26 in Maine . The route continues into the small village as South Main Street and passes by several blocks of homes and commercial buildings . At Water Street , NY 38 becomes North Main Street ; however , from this point north , most of the village is situated on the opposite bank of Owego Creek . As a result , NY 38 continues through the village limits but passes very few buildings before seamlessly exiting the community and entering another rural area . 
 The route continues on , crossing over Owego Creek and passing the Newark Valley Country Club about 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north of Newark Valley village before entering the town of Berkshire . In Berkshire , NY 38 serves the hamlet of Berkshire , a small community situated directly on the highway . The route continues on through the narrowing creek valley into the town of Richford and the hamlet of the same name , where it meets NY 79 in the community 's center . After Richford , the valley continues to narrow for just under 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) before reversing course as the route heads into Cortland County and the town of Harford . 
 NY 38 clips the extreme southwestern corner of Cortland County ; as a result , only 3 @.@ 38 miles ( 5 @.@ 44 km ) of the route is located within the county . Just north of the county line , the route meets NY 200 in the hamlet of Harford Mills . NY 200 is little more than an alternate route to NY 221 , which NY 38 meets in the hamlet of Harford 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) to the northeast . In between Harford Mills and Harford , the east branch of Owego Creek separates from NY 38 and heads north to follow NY 221 instead . NY 38 continues northwest out of Harford hamlet and into Tompkins County . 
 
 = = = Tompkins County = = = 
 
 Upon entering the border town of Dryden , NY 38 emerges from the valley and becomes Dryden – Harford Road as it heads northwestward through a more low @-@ lying but still undeveloped area . The highway gradually curves to the north toward the village of Dryden , where the route changes names to South Street upon entering the village limits . It continues north across Virgil Creek and past three blocks of homes to the commercial village center , where it intersects both NY 13 and NY 392 . The latter begins here and heads off to the east while the former joins NY 38 along North Street . 
 The overlap between NY 13 and NY 38 ends at the northern village line . At this point , NY 13 continues north while NY 38 forks to the west , running along the village limits on Freeville Road for about 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) through an area with only a handful of homes . While doing so , the route passes to the south of the Dryden Middle and High School complex . NY 38 heads onward through an open , undeveloped area , curving to the northwest and eventually to the north as it approaches the village of Freeville , where it serves the William George Agency for Children 's Services at the southern village line . It remains on Freeville Road until Railroad Street , where it turns west and proceeds into the densely populated village center . Here , it intersects the eastern terminus of NY 366 at a junction situated adjacent to Fall Creek . 
 NY 38 proceeds out of Freeville , passing over Fall Creek and heading north along Groton Road through a lightly populated area of the town of Dryden . The route passes by a mixture of open fields , forests , and isolated homes on its way to the Dryden – Groton town line , where it meets the southern terminus of NY 34B southeast of the hamlet of Peruville . NY 38 parallels the Owasco Inlet into Groton and the village of the same name , becoming Peru Road at the southern village line . It continues north , following South and Main Streets through the densely populated village to an intersection with NY 222 's western terminus at Cortland Street . At this point , NY 38 becomes Cayuga Street and winds its way northward along the Owasco Inlet and out of the village . Now known as Locke Road , NY 38 heads the northwest through another rural , largely undeveloped area into Cayuga County . 
 
 = = = Cayuga County = = = 
 
 Cayuga County , located in the Finger Lakes region of New York , has a highly unorthodox shape . Most of the county is only about 15 miles ( 24 km ) wide from its western border to its eastern edge . From north to south , however , it extends from Locke north to the Lake Ontario shoreline — a distance of about 55 miles ( 89 km ) . NY 38 passes through much of the county , ending about 4 miles ( 6 km ) south of the shoreline in Sterling . As a result , over half of NY 38 's routing is located in the county , with the midpoint located near the city of Auburn . 
 
 = = = = County line to Auburn = = = = 
 
 The route heads northwest from the county line , following the Owasco Inlet through open fields and past small patches of trees to the large hamlet of Locke . NY 38 heads north – south through the residential community as Main Street and intersects NY 90 at the center of the hamlet . North of the community , the highway crosses over the Owasco Inlet and enters another rural area dominated by fields situated amongst forests . Upon crossing into the town of Moravia , the amount of development along the highway increases as it passes Fillmore Glen State Park and approaches the village of Moravia . 
 In Moravia , a highly developed village comprising several blocks of homes and businesses , NY 38 is known as Main Street as it heads north into the village center . At Cayuga Street , NY 38 intersects NY 38A , the second of its two suffixed routes . NY 38A heads eastward from this point while NY 38 turns to follow West Cayuga Street across Owasco Inlet and out of the village . Past the inlet , NY 38 curves to the north and runs along the western edge of the Owasco Flats , a wide , flat @-@ bottomed , undeveloped valley at the foot of Owasco Lake . The flats give way to the lake in Cascade , a hamlet in the town of Venice , at which point NY 38 begins to climb up the western edge of the lake valley . It reaches the lip of the valley 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) later in the town of Scipio . 
 For the next 2 @.@ 5 miles ( 4 @.@ 0 km ) , the route passes by open fields as it overlooks the lake to the east . The route gradually descends back into the valley as it heads further northward into the town of Fleming . Once in Fleming , NY 38 runs along the lakeshore and serves a long line of lakeside homes as it passes by a series of fields to the west . The amount of development along the route begins to increase at the northern end of the lake in the hamlet of Melrose Park , where NY 38 meets NY 437 by way of a traffic circle . At this point , NY 437 becomes the primary lakeside highway while NY 38 becomes a four @-@ lane divided highway and heads northwest as Lake Avenue toward the city of Auburn . 
 As NY 38 enters Auburn , it passes by Auburn High School before heading north through densely populated blocks filled with homes . The divided highway ends abruptly at Swift Street , where NY 38 turns west to follow the two @-@ lane undivided Swift Street west for seven blocks to NY 34 ( South Street ) . Here , NY 38 leaves Swift Street and joins NY 34 on South Street . The two routes follow South Street past the William H. Seward House into downtown Auburn , where the homes are replaced with businesses at Lincoln Street . Three blocks later , South Street intersects with the East Arterial ( eastbound US 20 and NY 5 ) . The overlap between NY 34 and NY 38 ends one block later at the West Arterial ( westbound US 20 and NY 5 ) , where NY 38 turns to follow the Arterial for a block to the west . 
 At State Street , NY 38 leaves US 20 and NY 5 and heads north through the city 's north side , crossing the Owasco Outlet and serving the Auburn Correctional Facility . The route passes through several blocks of commercial and residential development up to Grant Street , where it begins to taper off . It ceases almost entirely near the northern city line at York Street , where the homes along the highway become more sporadic and spaced apart . 
 
 = = = = North of Auburn = = = = 
 
 Now in the town of Throop , NY 38 follows the Owasco Outlet through open , mostly flat areas dotted with houses amongst fields and trees . Within Throop , it serves the small hamlet of Sawyers Corners , where NY 38 meets Turnpike Road ( County Route 10B or CR 10B ) . North of this junction , the houses give way to dense forests as the route continues along the waterway into the town of Mentz and the village of Port Byron a short distance north of the town line . It follows Main Street through a mostly commercial and industrial portion of the village to the village center , where it intersects NY 31 at Rochester and Utica Streets . NY 38 turns west , overlapping NY 31 along Rochester Street . 
 The two routes cross the Owasco Outlet and enter a more residential area of the community , where NY 38 splits from NY 31 and continues north along Canal Street . The route crosses over the New York State Thruway ( I @-@ 90 ) as it leaves the village limits and heads north into a largely undeveloped area of forests and fields . At North Port Byron , a sparsely populated hamlet 0 @.@ 5 miles ( 0 @.@ 8 km ) north of Port Byron , NY 38 passes over the CSX Transportation @-@ owned Rochester Subdivision railroad line . The highway continues on , becoming Conquest Road and crossing the Seneca River ( Erie Canal ) at Mosquito Point , near where Owasco Outlet flows into the river . NY 38 enters the town of Conquest upon traversing the waterway . 
 NY 38 continues north as an unnamed highway to the hamlet of Conquest , a small community built up around the intersection of NY 38 and Fuller and Slayton Roads . It continues on into the town of Victory , where the undeveloped fields give way to cultivated fields used as farmland . The route heads through mostly desolate surroundings to the hamlet of Victory , a slightly larger community centered on NY 38 . The route proceeds through the hamlet , passing by several homes on its way to a junction with NY 370 just north of the community . Past this point , the homes cease again as NY 38 presses on through more fields and forests to the town of Sterling . 
 Just north of the town line in the small hamlet of North Victory , NY 38 intersects NY 104 . Past this point , the route heads through mostly undeveloped , forested areas on its way to the hamlet of Finches Corners . North of here , the forests cede slightly as the amount of fields along the highway increases . The highway continues on to the hamlet of Sterling , where it ends at an intersection with NY 104A ( the Seaway Trail ) just south of the hamlet 's center and 4 miles ( 6 km ) south of the Lake Ontario shoreline . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Old roads = = = 
 
 Several portions of modern NY 38 were originally part of turnpikes and plank roads during the 1800s . On April 13 , 1819 , the New York State Legislature passed a law incorporating the Cortland and Owego Turnpike Company . The company was tasked with building a highway — the Cortland and Owego Turnpike — from Owego north to the then @-@ village of Cortland . It roughly followed what is now NY 38 north from Owego to the vicinity of Harford , where it turned north to access Virgil . It continued to Cortland by way of modern NY 215 . 
 On April 13 , 1825 , the legislature chartered the Auburn and Port Byron Turnpike Company . The Auburn and Port Byron Turnpike began at the Auburn State Prison in Auburn and proceeded northward along the routing of NY 38 to meet the north branch of the Seneca Turnpike in the town of Brutus ( now Throop ) . From there , the turnpike continued on NY 38 through Port Byron to the Seneca River , where it ended at a bridge crossing the river at Mosquito Point . In 1851 , the Auburn and Moravia Plank Road Company was incorporated . They were tasked with connecting Moravia to Auburn by way of a plank road along the western side of Owasco Lake ( now NY 38 ) . 
 
 = = = Designation = = = 
 
 When the first set of posted routes in New York were assigned in 1924 , the portion of what is now NY 38 from Freeville to Moravia became part of NY 26 , a north – south highway extending from Freeville to Syracuse via Skaneateles . By 1926 , the segment of current NY 38 between Freeville and Owego was designated as NY 42 . In the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York , the entirety of NY 42 and the portion of NY 26 south of Moravia was incorporated into the new NY 38 , which extended north from Moravia to NY 3 ( modern NY 104A ) in Sterling . The section of the route adjacent to Owasco Lake was still being constructed at the time of NY 38 's assignment ; it was completed c . 1932 . 
 NY 38 originally overlapped with NY 96 ( designated as NY 15 in 1930 ) through Owego to a terminus at the modern junction of NY 96 and NY 434 south of the village . The overlap was extended slightly along Southside Drive to NY 17 exit 64 in the 1960s following the construction of the Southern Tier Expressway through the area . It was removed altogether when NY 38 was truncated to the northern end of the overlap by 1994 . 
 
 = = Suffixed routes = = 
 
 NY 38A ( 21 @.@ 91 miles or 35 @.@ 26 kilometres ) runs from Moravia to NY 359 , near Mandana and NY 41A in southwestern Onondaga County , and then towards Auburn . It was assigned as part of the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . 
 NY 38B ( 7 @.@ 69 miles or 12 @.@ 38 kilometres ) is a short spur in Broome and Tioga counties connecting NY 38 in Newark Valley in the west to NY 26 in Maine in the east . It was assigned in the early 1950s . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 
 
 = Westminster Assembly = 
 
 The Westminster Assembly of Divines was a council of theologians ( or " divines " ) and members of the English Parliament appointed to restructure the Church of England which met from 1643 to 1653 . Several Scots also attended , and the Assembly 's work was adopted by the Church of Scotland . As many as 121 ministers were called to the Assembly , with nineteen others added later to replace those who did not attend or could no longer attend . It produced a new Form of Church Government , a Confession of Faith or statement of belief , two catechisms or manuals for religious instruction ( Shorter and Larger ) , and a liturgical manual , the Directory for Public Worship , for the Churches of England and Scotland . The Confession and catechisms were adopted as doctrinal standards in the Church of Scotland and other Presbyterian churches , where they remain normative . Amended versions of the Confession were also adopted in Congregational and Baptist churches in England and New England in the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries . The Confession became influential throughout the English @-@ speaking world , but especially in American Protestant theology . 
 The Assembly was called by the Long Parliament before and during the beginning of the First English Civil War . The Long Parliament was influenced by Puritanism , a religious movement which sought to further reform the church . They were opposed to the religious policies of King Charles I and William Laud , Archbishop of Canterbury . As part of a military alliance with Scotland , Parliament agreed that the outcome of the Assembly would bring the English Church into closer conformity with the Church of Scotland . The Scottish Church was governed by a system of elected assemblies of elders called presbyterianism , rather than rule by bishops , called episcopalianism , which was used in the English church . Scottish commissioners attended and advised the Assembly as part of the agreement . Disagreements over church government caused open division in the Assembly , despite attempts to maintain unity . The party of divines who favoured presbyterianism was in the majority , but political and military realities led to greater influence for the congregationalist party . Congregationalists favoured autonomy for individual congregations rather than the subjection of congregations to regional and national assemblies entailed in presbyterianism . Parliament eventually adopted a presbyterian form of government , but it lacked the power the presbyterian divines desired . During the Restoration of the monarchy in 1660 , all of the documents of the Assembly were repudiated and episcopal church government was reinstated in England . 
 The Assembly worked in the Reformed Protestant theological tradition , also known as Calvinism . It took the Bible as the authoritative word of God , from which all theological reflection must be based . The divines were committed to the Reformed doctrine of predestination — that God chooses certain men to be saved and enjoy eternal life rather than eternal punishment . There was some disagreement at the Assembly over the doctrine of particular redemption — that Christ died only for those chosen for salvation . The Assembly also held to Reformed covenant theology , a framework for interpreting the Bible . The Assembly 's Confession is the first of the Reformed confessions to teach a doctrine called the covenant of works , which teaches that before the fall of man , God promised eternal life to Adam on condition that he perfectly obeyed God . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Parliament called the Westminster Assembly during a time of increasing hostility between Charles I , monarch of England and Scotland , and the Puritans . Puritans could be distinguished by their insistence that worship practices be supported implicitly or explicitly by the Bible , while their opponents gave greater authority to traditional customs . They believed the Church of England , which had separated itself from the Catholic Church during the English Reformation , was still too heavily influenced by Catholicism . They sought to rid the church and nation of any of these remaining influences . This included the Church 's episcopal polity , or rule by a hierarchy of bishops . Puritans , unlike separatists , did not leave the established church . Under Charles , the Puritans ' opponents were placed in high positions of authority , most notably William Laud who was made Archbishop of Canterbury in 1633 , even though these " high churchmen " were in the minority . Puritans were forced to keep their views private or face fines and imprisonment . Laud promoted advocates of Arminianism , a theological perspective opposed to the Reformed theology of the Puritans . Worship practices such as kneeling at communion , bowing at the name of Christ , and the placement of communion tables at the East end of churches were also reinstated . To the Puritans , these seemed to be a step in the direction of Catholicism . 
 There were also conflicts between the king and the Scots , whose church was ruled by a system of elected assemblies called presbyterianism . James , Charles 's predecessor as King of Scotland , made it clear that he intended to impose elements of episcopal church government and the Book of Common Prayer on the Scots beginning in 1604 . The Scots considered this a reversion to Roman Catholicism . Charles furthered English impositions on the Church of Scotland in 1636 and 1637 . This led to the First Bishops ' War between Charles and the Scots in 1639 . Charles called what came to be known as the Short Parliament to raise funds for the war , but he soon dissolved it when it began voicing opposition to his policies . Following the Second Bishops ' War with the Scots in 1640 , Charles was forced to call another parliament to raise additional funds . 
 What came to be known as the Long Parliament also began to voice vague grievances against Charles , many of which were religious in nature . Parliament had many Puritans and Puritan @-@ sympathizing members , who generally opposed the existing episcopal system , but there was little agreement over what shape the church should take . Later in 1640 , the Root and Branch petition was presented to the House of Commons , the lower house of Parliament . It was signed by about 15 @,@ 000 Londoners and called for total elimination of the episcopal system . Committees were organized in the House of Commons to enact religious reforms , leading to the imprisonment of Archbishop Laud and his supporters in the Tower of London as retaliation for their repression of Puritans . The Court of High Commission and the Star Chamber , courts which had inflicted severe punishments on Puritan dissenters , were also abolished . 
 
 = = Calling the assembly = = 
 
 The idea of a national assembly of theologians to advise Parliament on further church reforms was first presented to the House of Commons in 1641 . Such a proposal was also included in the Grand Remonstrance , a list of grievances which Parliament presented to Charles on 1 December that year . Charles responded on 23 December that the church required no reforms . Undeterred , Parliament passed three bills in 1642 appointing an assembly and stipulating that its members would be chosen by Parliament . Charles , whose royal assent was required for the bills to become law , was only willing to consider such an assembly if the members were chosen by the clergy . This was the practice for selection of members of Convocation , the assembly of clergy of the Church of England . 
 Defying the king , between 12 February and 20 April 1642 , each county delegation of England in Commons chose two divines , in addition to two for each county of Wales , four for London , and two for each University ( Oxford and Cambridge ) . County delegations often chose divines from their own county , but not always . Commons chose the members in this way to ensure that their local constituencies were represented in the decision . The House of Lords , Parliament 's upper house , added another fourteen names on 14 May , to which Commons agreed . Meanwhile , relations continued to deteriorate between the king and Parliament . Charles raised the royal standard at Nottingham on 22 August , marking the beginning of the First English Civil War . The start of the war lent support to the cause of the Assembly in Parliament , because holding it would convince the Scots that Parliament was serious about reforming the church and induce the Scots to come to their aid . On the other hand , the war added strain to the already busy Parliament . 
 Parliament finally passed an ordinance to hold the assembly on its own authority without Charles 's assent on 12 June 1643 . It named as many as 121 ministers and thirty non @-@ voting parliamentary observers : twenty from Commons , and ten from the House of Lords . The Assembly was almost entirely English ; Parliament appointed Englishmen for the counties of Wales , but the French stranger churches ( churches of Protestant refugees from Catholic France ) sent two ministers in place of any from the Channel Islands . Many of the divines were internationally recognized scholars of the Bible , ancient languages , patristics , and scholastic theology . Many were also famous preachers . Most of these theologians had retained their positions in the Church during the tenure of William Laud . Some had been ejected from their churches or cited by ecclesiastical courts for their views . Some had fled to the Continent , and one to the American colonies . Nonetheless , they all considered themselves members of the Church of England and had received episcopal ordination . Most were conformists , meaning they agreed to follow the Act of Uniformity 1558 and the Book of Common Prayer . 
 The Assembly was strictly under the control of Parliament , and was only to debate topics which Parliament directed . Assembly members were not permitted to state their disagreements with majority opinions or share any information about the proceedings , except in writing to Parliament . Parliament chose William Twisse , an internationally respected theologian , to be the Assembly 's prolocutor or chairman . Due to Twisse 's ill health , Cornelius Burges , whom Parliament appointed as one of several assessors , served as prolocutor pro tempore for most of the Assembly . Twenty @-@ two appointed members of the Assembly died before 1649 , and they along with those who did not attend for other reasons were replaced by another nineteen members . Three non @-@ voting scribes were also added in 1643 . 
 
 = = Revising the Thirty @-@ Nine Articles = = 
 
 The Assembly 's first meeting began with a sermon by William Twisse in the nave of Westminster Abbey on 1 July 1643 . The nave was so full that the House of Commons had to send members ahead to secure seats . Following the sermon , the divines processed to the Henry VII Chapel , which would be their place of meeting until 2 October when they moved to the warmer and more private Jerusalem Chamber . After their initial meeting they adjourned for about a week , as Parliament had not yet given specific instructions . 
 On 6 July , they received a set of rules from Parliament and were ordered to examine the first ten of the Thirty @-@ Nine Articles , the current doctrinal standard of the Church of England , and " to free and vindicate the Doctrine of them from all Aspersions of false Interpretations " . After a day of fasting , the Assembly took a vow , as directed by Parliament , to " not maintain any thing in Matters of Doctrine , but what I think , in my conscience , to be truth " . The divines organized themselves into three standing committees , though each committee was open to any member of the Assembly . The committees would be assigned topics and prepare propositions for debate in the full Assembly following each morning of committee meetings . In addition , over 200 ad hoc committees were appointed for tasks such as examination of candidate preachers , college fellows , and suspected heretics . 
 The Assembly resolved , after some debate , that all the doctrines of the Thirty @-@ Nine articles would need to be proven from the Bible . Assembly members were prone to long speeches and they made slow progress , frustrating the leadership . The eighth of the Thirty @-@ Nine Articles recommended the Apostles ' Creed , Nicene Creed , and Athanasian Creed , considered to be basic statements of orthodoxy , to be received and believed . The Assembly was unable to resolve conflicts between those who would not be bound by creeds and those who wished to retain the existing language that the creeds be " thoroughly received and believed " . The " excepters " , who took the former position , argued that the articles only require the " matter " of the creeds be believed . On 25 August the article was put off until the rest of the articles could be dealt with . This early disagreement on fundamental issues revealed deep rifts between different factions of the assembly . 
 
 = = Debating church government = = 
 
 From the beginning of the First Civil War , the Long Parliament recognized that they would need assistance from the Scots . In return for a military alliance , the Scottish Parliament required the English to sign the Solemn League and Covenant in 1643 , which stipulated that the English would bring their church into greater conformity with the Church of Scotland . The Scottish Parliament sent commissioners to London to represent Scotland 's interests to the English Parliament . Eleven of these , four theologians and seven members of Parliament , were also invited to the Assembly . The commissioners were given the opportunity to become full voting members of the Assembly but declined , preferring to maintain their independence as commissioners of their own nation and church . Samuel Rutherford , George Gillespie , and Alexander Henderson were the most outspoken of the commissioners . 
 On 12 October 1643 , Parliament ordered the Assembly to cease work on the Thirty @-@ Nine Articles and to begin to frame a common form of church government for the two nations . The Assembly would spend a quarter of its full sessions on the subject of church government . The majority of the Assembly members supported presbyterian polity , or church government by elected assemblies of lay and clerical representatives , though many were not dogmatically committed to it . Several members of this group , numbering about twenty and including William Twisse , favoured a " primitive " episcopacy , which would include elements of presbyterianism and a reduced role for bishops . 
 There were also several congregationalists , who favoured autonomy for individual local churches . Their most influential divines were Thomas Goodwin , Philip Nye , Sidrach Simpson , Jeremiah Burroughs , and William Bridge . They were often called the " dissenting brethren " in the Assembly . They have sometimes been labelled " Independents " , but they rejected this term . The Assembly members for the most part reserved the label " Independent " for separatists who left the established church . The congregationalist divines cannot be equated with separatists and Brownists , as they had accepted episcopal ordination and remained in the Church of England . Their influence was assisted by the success of Oliver Cromwell and his New Model Army in the ongoing civil war . Cromwell and many others in the army supported congregationalism . 
 A third group of divines were known as Erastians , a term for those who believed that the state should have significant power over the church . The entire Assembly was Erastian in the sense that the body had been called by Parliament and was completely under state control . Those labelled " Erastian " at the Assembly believed the civil authority , rather than church officers , should hold the power of church discipline . This included the power to withhold communion from unrepentant sinners . They did not see any particular form of church government as divinely mandated , and because of this the dissenting brethren allied with them when it became clear that a presbyterian establishment would be much less tolerant of congregationalism than Parliament . There were only two divines at the Assembly who held the Erastian view , John Lightfoot and Thomas Coleman , but the presence of members of Parliament , especially John Selden , as well as the fact of parliamentary oversight of the Assembly , gave Erastian views disproportional influence . 
 Several episcopalians , supporters of the existing system of bishops , were also included in the summoning ordinance , but Parliament may have nominated them to lend greater legitimacy to the Assembly and not have expected them to attend because Charles had not approved of the Assembly . Only one , Daniel Featley , participated , and he only until his arrest for treason in October 1643 . 
 Debate on church officers began on 19 October . The Assembly began with the issue of ordination , as many of the divines were concerned about the rise of various sectarian movements and the lack of any mechanism for ordination of ministers of the established church . While some members did not seem to think ordination necessary for preachers ( though they should not administer the sacraments without it ) , a majority of the divines thought any regular preaching without ordination unacceptable and wished to erect a provisional presbytery for purposes of ordination . There was also debate at this early stage over the nature of the visible church . The congregationalists considered a church to be a single local congregation , while the majority considered the national church to be a unity and were alarmed at the prospect of a disintegrated English church . Despite these debates , up until the end of 1643 there was hope that a common church government could be framed that would be satisfactory to all parties involved . 
 On 3 or 4 January 1644 , the five leading dissenting brethren signalled a break with the rest of the Assembly when they published An Apologeticall Narration , a polemical pamphlet appealing to Parliament . It argued that the congregational system was more amenable to state control of religious matters than that of the presbyterians because they did not desire the church to retain any real power except to withdraw fellowship from aberrant congregations . By 17 January , the majority of the Assembly had become convinced that the best way forward was a presbyterian system similar to that of the Scots , but the dissenting brethren were allowed to continue to state their case in hope that they could eventually be reconciled . It was hoped that by avoiding asserting that presbyterianism was established by divine right , the congregationalists could be accommodated . 
 Despite these efforts , on 21 February it became clear just how fundamentally opposed the groups were . Philip Nye , one of the dissenting brethren , asserted in a speech that a presbytery set over local congregations would become as powerful as the state and was dangerous to the commonwealth , provoking vigorous opposition from presbyterians . The next day , the Assembly finally began to establish a prescription for presbyterian government . Owing to a strong belief in the unity of the church , the Assembly continued to try to find ways to reconcile the dissenting brethren with the majority throughout 1644 , including the establishment of a special committee for that purpose in March . However , on 15 November , the dissenting brethren presented their reasons for disagreement with the rest of the Assembly to Parliament , and on 11 December the majority submitted a draft of a presbyterian form of government . 
 
 = = Conflicts with Parliament = = 
 
 Relations between the Assembly and Parliament were already deteriorating in 1644 , when Parliament ignored the Assembly 's request that " grossly ignorant and notoriously profane " individuals be barred from communion . While members of Parliament agreed that the sacrament should be kept pure , many of them disagreed with the presbyterian majority in the Assembly over who had the final power of excommunication , taking the Erastian view that it was the state . Also , by 1646 , Oliver Cromwell 's New Model Army had won the war on behalf of Parliament . Cromwell , along with a majority of the army , was strongly in favour of religious toleration for all sorts of Christians even if the national church was to be presbyterian . His rise to power as a result of his military victories made the idea of a strictly presbyterian settlement without freedom of worship for others very unlikely . Parliament at least wanted to know which sins in particular were grave enough to trigger excommunication by the church ; the Assembly was reticent to provide such information , as the majority considered the power of the church in this area to be absolute . 
 In May 1645 , Parliament passed an ordinance allowing excommunicants to appeal the church 's sentences to Parliament . Another ordinance on 20 October contained a list of sins to which the church would be limited in its power to excommunicate . To the majority of the divines ' dismay , an even more Erastian ordinance was proposed in March 1646 . The Assembly published a protest , provoking the Commons to charge it with breach of privilege and to submit nine questions to the divines on the matter . Votes were to be included with the answers , an attempt to force the divines associated with the protest petition to reveal themselves . 
 The Nine Queries , as they came to be called , focused on the divine right ( jure divino ) of church government . While the presbyterian divines were capable of defending their vision for church government as established by divine right in the Bible , they were unwilling to answer the queries because doing so would further expose the disunity of the Assembly and weaken their case in Parliament . In July 1647 , the New Model Army invaded London and conservative members of Parliament were forced out . Parliament passed an ordinance establishing religious tolerance and ensuring that the Assembly 's vision of a national , compulsory presbyterian church would never come to fruition . In London , where support for presbyterianism was greatest , presbyteries were established in only sixty @-@ four of 108 city parishes , and regional presbyterian classes were only formed in fourteen of England 's forty counties . A planned national general assembly never met . Many presbyterians did , however , establish voluntary presbyteries in what was a de facto free church situation until the Restoration in 1660 , when a compulsory episcopal system was reinstated . 
 The new Form of Government was much more acceptable to the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland . They passed it on 10 February 1645 , contingent on some particularities of presbyterian government which were expected to be worked out in a forthcoming Directory for Church Government . At the same time they announced their desire to formally unite the two churches . Following the rise of Cromwell and the secret Engagement of some Scots with Charles this hope was abandoned , and the documents were never formally adopted . The General Assembly ceased to function under Cromwell and the kings who succeeded him from 1649 to 1690 . 
 
 = = Confession , catechisms , and the Directory for Public Worship = = 
 
 During and after the debates over church government , the Assembly framed other documents which did not cause open rifts . The Directory for Public Worship , which was to replace the Book of Common Prayer , was swiftly written in 1644 and passed by Parliament on 3 January 1645 . The Directory , accepted by the Scots as well , took a middle course between the presbyterians and congregationalists . The presbyterians for the most part preferred a fixed liturgy while congregationalists favoured extemporaneous prayer . The Directory consisted of an order for services with sample prayers . The Assembly also recommended a psalter , translated by Francis Rous for use in worship . 
 A Confession of Faith to replace the Thirty @-@ Nine Articles was begun in August 1646 . While there is little record of the actions of the Assembly during the writing of the Confession , it is clear that there were significant debates in the Assembly over almost every doctrine found in it . The Confession was printed and sent to Parliament in December . The House of Commons requested scripture citations be added to the Confession , which were provided in April 1648 . Parliament approved the Confession with revisions to the chapters on church censures , synods and councils , and marriage on 20 June 1648 . The General Assembly of the Church of Scotland had already adopted the Confession without revision in 1647 . The restoration of Charles II in 1660 effectively made this legislation a nullity . 
 The Assembly had already done significant work on a catechism between December 1643 and January 1647 containing fifty @-@ five questions , before it decided to create two catechisms rather than one . The Larger Catechism , intended to assist ministers in teaching the Reformed faith to their congregations . The Shorter Catechism was based on the Larger Catechism but intended for use in teaching the faith to children . Parliament demanded scripture proofs for the catechisms as well . The Scots General Assembly approved both catechisms in 1648 . 
 The Assembly understood its mandate under the Solemn League and Covenant to have been fulfilled on 14 April 1648 when it delivered the scripture citations to Parliament , and the Scottish Commissioners had already left by the end of 1647 . The Assembly continued to meet primarily for the purpose of examination of ministers for ordination . Most of the divines were unhappy with the republican Commonwealth that emerged after Colonel Pride 's Purge of the Long Parliament in 1648 . As a result , a majority stopped attending rather than agree to the oath of Engagement to the Commonwealth that was imposed in 1649 . Newspapers continued to report on the meetings of the Assembly as late as March 1653 . The Assembly must have stopped meeting sometime between then and Cromwell 's dissolution of the Rump Parliament on 20 April 1653 . 
 
 = = Theology = = 
 
 The Assembly was a product of the British Reformed tradition , taking as a major source the Thirty @-@ Nine Articles as well as the theology of James Ussher and his Irish Articles of 1615 . The divines also considered themselves to be within the broader European Reformed tradition . They were in frequent correspondence with continental Reformed theologians , and sought their approval . They also drew upon the pre @-@ Reformation British theological tradition , which emphasized biblical knowledge and was influenced by the Augustinian theological tradition exemplified by Anselm , Thomas Bradwardine , and John Wycliffe . The recorded debates of the Assembly are full of citations of church fathers and medieval scholastic theologians . 
 The Confession starts with the doctrine of revelation , or how people can know about God . The divines believed knowledge of God was available to people through nature as well as the Bible , but they also believed that the Bible , or Scripture , is the only way in which people attain saving knowledge of God . The doctrine of Scripture was also a particularly important area of debate at the time . Scholars had begun to argue that the Hebrew vowel points , marks added to the text to aid in pronunciation , of the Old Testament were probably not part of the original . This caused significant debate between Reformed polemicists and Roman Catholics . Catholics argued that such a discovery demonstrated the need for an authoritative magisterium to interpret the Bible as opposed to the Protestant doctrine of perspicuity , that the essential teachings of the Bible could be interpreted by anyone . English Reformed writers in particular took up the work of defending the Reformed doctrine . The divines had a strong view of the inspiration of the Bible , and believed that God revealed himself in the propositions found in Scripture . While the issue of biblical inerrancy , the belief that there are no errors in the Bible , did not arise until the eighteenth century , the divines clearly did not believe the Bible to contain any errors . Many of the divines held a rather mechanical view of biblical inspiration , believing that not only the words and ideas but also the letters and vowel points of the Hebrew text were inspired by God . On the other hand , they acknowledged that the text was written by humans in their own styles . They did not make any distinction between essential and incidental matters with respect to biblical inspiration . 
 Puritans believed that God is sovereign over all of history and nature and that none of what were called his decrees would be frustrated . There was significant debate in the Assembly over the relationship of God 's decree of predestination , or choice to save some people , to the redemption purchased by Christ 's death . Many of the Reformed during this period taught that Christ died with the purpose only to save those who were eternally chosen to be saved , a doctrine called particular redemption . A vocal minority of the divines of the Assembly argued for a position known as hypothetical universalism . Edmund Calamy held such a view , and he argued that Christ 's death , as well as saving those who had been chosen , offered salvation to all people on condition that they believe . The Assembly 's Confession did not teach such a view , and its language is much more amenable to a particular redemption interpretation , but there is a general agreement among scholars that the Confession 's language allows an hypothetical universalist interpretation . 
 Covenant theology is an interpretive framework used by Reformed theologians which was significantly developed during the seventeenth century . Under this scheme , as articulated by the Assembly , God 's dealings with men are described in terms of two covenants : the covenant of works and covenant of grace . The Westminster Confession was the first major Reformed symbol to explicitly mention the covenant of works ( sometimes called the covenant of life ) , in which God offered Adam eternal life on condition of perfect obedience . In the fall of man , Adam broke the covenant of works by eating of the tree of knowledge of good and evil . To remedy this , God offered salvation apart from human initiative in what was called the covenant of grace . This covenant allowed man to enjoy eternal life despite his inability to obey God 's law perfectly . The idea of the covenant of grace was a much more common feature of orthodox Reformed theology . The Westminster divines set these two covenants against each other as the two major ways in which God deals with people . 
 The divines were even more strongly opposed to Catholicism than to William Laud and his followers , the Laudians . They associated both Catholicism and Laudianism with Arminianism and persecution . Before the civil war , the divines saw these two groups as the greatest threat to the church . With the rise of radical sectarian movements during the war , the divines became much more concerned with these groups than polemics against Catholicism . The divines were particularly concerned with those they labeled antinomians . This was a loose term for those who saw the moral law as in some way no longer relevant for Christians . The divines saw these groups as more immediately threatening than Catholicism . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 The work of the Westminster Assembly was repudiated by the Church of England during the Restoration in 1660 . The Act of Uniformity 1662 , a law requiring even greater adherence to the Book of Common Prayer and support for episcopalianism than had previously been required , forced Puritan ministers to leave the Church . Though some presbyterians continued to desire to be readmitted to the established church , restrictions on worship for non @-@ conformists led to presbyterians putting aside differences with congregationalists and adopting congregational church orders . 
 The Civil War brought with it the end of the consensus among English Protestants that there should be a single church imposed by the state , though there was still not complete freedom of religion . The ideals of the dissenting brethren of the Assembly were significant in the rise of denominationalism , the doctrine that the church is found in several institutions rather than a single one in a given location . Though Protestants already commonly recognized the validity of churches in different territories , the outcome of the Assembly 's debates marks the wider acceptance of the idea that several true churches may be found in the same territory . 
 The Confession produced by the Assembly was adopted with amendments by Congregationalists in England in the form of the 1658 Savoy Declaration , as well as by Particular Baptists in the form of the 1689 Baptist Confession . When the General Assembly of the Church of Scotland was reestablished in 1690 following the Glorious Revolution , it ratified the Westminster Confession , but not any other document produced at Westminster . The Confession remains , according to the 1929 Declaratory Articles , the Church of Scotland 's " principal subordinate standard " , subordinate to the Bible . Memorization of the Shorter Catechism has been made a requirement for children in many Presbyterian churches . 
 The migrations and missionary efforts of each of these groups lead to the widespread significance of the Westminster Assembly throughout the English @-@ speaking world . The Assembly 's Confession was particularly influential in American Protestant theology . It was included with congregationalist changes as part of the 1648 Cambridge Platform , a statement produced by ministers of colonial Massachusetts and the surrounding region , and again in colonial Connecticut as part of the 1708 Saybrook Platform . The Confession was modified for American Baptists in the 1707 Philadelphia Confession . The Adopting Act of 1729 required American Presbyterians to agree to the theology of the Assembly 's Confession , and the Confession remains a part of the Presbyterian Church ( USA ) ' s Book of Confessions . The Confession has been called " by far the most influential doctrinal symbol in American Protestant history " by the historian of religion Sydney E. Ahlstrom . 
 
 
 = The Goat Puzzle = 
 
 The Goat Puzzle , also known as The Infamous Goat Puzzle , The Infamous Goat , The Wretched Goat , The Goat of Lochmarne , or simply The Goat , is a puzzle featured in Revolution Software 's 1996 classic point and click adventure game Broken Sword : The Shadow of the Templars . In the puzzle , protagonist George Stobbart must gain access to an underground dig located in a castle in Lochmarne , Ireland , by avoiding getting butted by a fierce goat . It is often explained to be difficult due to challenging the player in a way different from previous puzzles in the game . It is also noted by many gamers and various publications as one of the hardest video game puzzles of all time . The puzzle was simplified in The Shadow of the Templars ' 2009 director 's cut . 
 
 = = Puzzle and solution = = 
 
 Revolution Software 's point and click adventure game Broken Sword : The Shadow of the Templars was first released in 1996 . While investigating a murder , protagonist and player character George Stobbart finds himself uncovering a dark mystery regarding the Knights Templar . A medieval manuscript which he obtained during the investigation leads him to a castle located in Lochmarne , Ireland . As he cannot enter the castle through the main entrance door , he climbs a haystack , which stops short of the top of the wall . He puts a sewer key which he obtained at the beginning of the game in a crack in the wall , which forms a step , allowing him to climb over the wall . Inside the castle , an entrance to an underground dig is located . A tied @-@ up goat is sitting near the entrance ; however , the chain to which it is tied is long enough to allow it to prevent George from reaching the entrance by butting him . An old piece of farming machinery is located at the left side of the screen , but George is unable to interact with it , as the goat continues to butt him . George must allow the goat to butt him when trying to reach the entrance , but while the goat is returning to its original position , the player must click on the farming machinery , which causes George to quickly jump up and run to the machinery and slightly reposition it . When returned to its original position , the goat again charges and butts George , but while doing so , gets its chain entangled with the machinery , due to its repositioning . This allows George to move freely and enter the dig . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 The puzzle is considered by many gamers and publications to be one of the most challenging video game puzzles of all time . Broken Sword creator and Revolution CEO Charles Cecil and Broken Sword designer Steve Ince , as well as publications which have covered it , explain that the puzzle was challenging because the player was not met with any " time critical " puzzle prior to this point in the game , which would mean they " would not necessarily make the connection that clicking on the machinery at a key moment would make this happen . " 
 Chris Csullion of Official Nintendo Magazine said that " if you 've played [ Broken Sword ] , the words ' the goat puzzle ' will probably make you break out in a cold sweat . " Geoff Thew of Hardcore Gamer wrote that Broken Sword was known for " intricate , challenging puzzles ( some infamously so ) . " The puzzle appeared on Computer and Video Games ' 2011 feature , " Gaming 's hardest puzzles " . In 2012 , it was listed on GameFront 's " 5 Crazy Difficult and Intricate Video Game Puzzles " . During a classic postmortem for The Shadow of the Templars at the European Game Developers Conference in August 2014 , when Cecil brought up the topic of difficult puzzles , a member of the audience shouted " That fucking goat ! " ; laughter ensued , and Cecil added : " It was very unfair , and it was absolutely bewildering . " He also continued , claiming he knew he had " made it " when a taxi driver once questioned him about his occupation : upon finding out he had written Broken Sword the driver exclaimed , " Ah , so you 're the one responsible for the goat puzzle ! " 
 The puzzle was simplified in The Shadow of the Templars ' 2009 director 's cut by , according to Cecil , adding a more logical solution . This version of the game includes a diary , in which the character takes notes ; After completing the goat puzzle , George 's diary reads : " So the ' ghost of Lochmarne ' is no more than a fierce Billy goat . For a moment I thought it was going to be incredibly awkward to get past , but in the end it was surprisingly simple . Who would have known ? " , as a reference to the original puzzle 's reputation . An easter egg involving a talking goat was included in The Shadow of the Templars ' sequel , Broken Sword II : The Smoking Mirror ( 1997 ) . A goat puzzle was featured in Broken Sword 5 : The Serpent 's Curse , in the beginning and ending of 2014 second and final episode of the title , as part of the achieved $ 800 @,@ 000 Kickstarter " stretch goal " . 
 
 
 = Sinclair Sovereign = 
 
 The Sinclair Sovereign was a high @-@ end calculator introduced by Clive Sinclair 's company Sinclair Radionics in 1976 . It was an attempt to escape from the unprofitable low end of the market , and one of the last calculators Sinclair produced . Made with a case of pressed steel that a variety of finishes , it cost between GB £ 30 and GB £ 60 at a time when other calculators could be purchased for under GB £ 5 . A number of factors meant that the Sovereign was not a commercial success , including the cost , high import levies on components , competition from cheaper calculators manufactured abroad , and the development of more power @-@ efficient designs using liquid @-@ crystal displays . Though it came with a five @-@ year guarantee , issues such as short battery life limited its usefulness . The company moved on to producing computers soon afterwards . 
 The design by John Pemberton won a Design Council award , and there are examples of the Sovereign in the Museum of Modern Art in New York . It had a Mostek MK50321N main integrated circuit and a small memory register , a LED display , and could perform a variety of a number of basic mathematical operations besides four @-@ function arithmetic . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Sovereign was one of the last calculators produced during Sinclair 's foray into the calculator market that had started with the Sinclair Executive in September 1972 . The Executive had retailed for GB £ 80 when introduced , but in little over a year it was possible to purchase a Sinclair calculator for GB £ 20 and by November of 1976 a model was available for GB £ 4 @.@ 95 . Cheaper calculators with liquid @-@ crystal displays instead of light @-@ emitting diodes were becoming more popular , and had much longer battery lives of months or years . Such calculators were available for well under GB £ 10 , with all the functionality of the more expensive models . The impossibility of selling " simple " calculators profitibly led Sinclair to introduce models such as the Cambridge Scientific , introduced in August 1975 at a price of GB £ 29 @.@ 95 . 
 The Sovereign , released in 1976 , represented an attempt to move upmarket in an increasingly saturated market . In December 1976 , the chrome plated version of the Sovereign cost GB £ 30 and the gold @-@ plated version GB £ 60 , including VAT , but profit margins on the Sovereign were so small that Sinclair ended up selling the Sovereign at a loss , and it was not a commercial success . The Sovereign was made in England , like every other Sinclair calculator except the President . 
 Sinclair would shortly stop producing calculators and instead focus on computers , starting with the MK14 in 1977 . The loss of the calculator market was due in part to technological development leading to smaller and cheaper components , which put heavy pressure on profit margins . An import levy of up to 17 @.@ 5 % was placed on components , but the duty for calculators imported from Japan or Hong Kong could be as little as 5 % , making it unprofitable to produce calculators in the UK . Sinclair also had some problems with the reliability of earlier calculators that had adversely affected its reputation , but the Sovereign was sold with a " full and unconditional " five year guarantee . 
 
 = = Design = = 
 
 The Sovereign came in satin chrome and gold @-@ plated models , with leather pouches and fitted wooden cases . It had an 8 @-@ digit seven @-@ segment display that used red light @-@ emitting diodes , with a decimal point to the right of each digit that could be illuminated as necessary . Power was provided by two 1 @.@ 35 mercury button cells . The Sovereign measured 36 by 141 by 12 millimetres ( 1 @.@ 42 in × 5 @.@ 55 in × 0 @.@ 47 in ) , which made it small and sleek compared to other calculators of the time . 
 The Sovereign was unusual because the casing was made from pressed steel , which gave it a much higher quality feel compared to injection moulded plastic . This allowed a variety of paint and plating options , including black painted , chrome @-@ plated , silver @-@ plated , and gold @-@ plated , and a limited edition silver @-@ plated version , inscribed to commemorate the Silver Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 1977 , were also produced . Asprey of London was rumoured to have produced two Sovereigns in solid gold , costing GB £ 2 @,@ 750 each . 
 The design , by John Pemberton , won the Design Council Award in 1977 , as the Executive had in 1973 , and there are examples in the collection of the Museum of Modern Art in New York . Sovereigns are highly collectible , and used models command high prices . 
 
 = = = Functions = = = 
 
 As well as addition , subtraction , multiplication and division , it had reciprocal and square @-@ root functions , and the ability to multiply by a fixed constant . With an eight @-@ digit display , the calculator could display positive numbers between 0 @.@ 0000001 and 99 @,@ 999 @,@ 999 , and negative numbers between -0.000001 and -9,999,999 . Calculators of the time tended to have displays of between 3 and 12 digits , as reducing the number of digits was an effective way of reducing the cost of the calculator . A number outside that range leads to an overflow , and the screen flashes and all keys except the clear key are rendered inoperable to inform the user of the error . A independent memory register could read information from the screen , and information could only be taken from the memory onto the screen . Five keys were used for memory operations . 
 The Sovereign used a Mostek MK50321N main integrated circuit , the same as the Sinclair Wrist Calculator and some variants of the Sinclair Cambridge . Clive Sinclair had assumed that people would prefer attractive illuminated LED displays to LCD displays , which incidentally also required more expensive CMOS chips . However , his calculators were designed with the assumption they would be turned off between calculations , which did not prove to be the case . Advertisements suggested that the batteries would last " about a year " under normal use , but in reality the small button cell batteries and comparatively high power consumption meant a short battery life compared to the competition . 
 
 
 = Survivor Series ( 1992 ) = 
 
 Survivor Series ( 1992 ) was the sixth annual Survivor Series pay @-@ per @-@ view professional wrestling event produced by the World Wrestling Federation ( WWF ) . It took place on November 25 , 1992 , at the Richfield Coliseum in Richfield Township , Ohio . The buildup to the pay @-@ per @-@ view consisted of feuds scripted by the WWF 's writers , and the matches that took place at the event had pre @-@ determined outcomes that had been decided by the company . 
 In the main event , Bret Hart retained his WWF World Heavyweight Championship against Shawn Michaels . The card also included a highly @-@ promoted match in which the team of Randy Savage and Mr. Perfect defeated the team of Ric Flair and Razor Ramon by disqualification ; The Ultimate Warrior was advertised for the show but left the company and was replaced by Perfect . Also featured were two speciality matches : The Undertaker won a coffin match against Kamala , and The Big Boss Man defeated Nailz in a nightstick on a pole match . 
 Some of the matches were changed after they were first announced , as several wrestlers left the WWF shortly before the event . Critics have praised the main event and the tag team match that was won by Savage and Perfect . Although the remaining bouts have received low ratings , critics have felt that those two matches made the event worth watching . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 In the storyline behind the match between The Big Boss Man and Nailz , Nailz claimed that while he was serving time in prison , the Big Boss Man , who was a guard at the prison , mistreated Nailz . In early 1992 , Nailz appeared in introductory vignettes to talk about his hatred of the Big Boss Man . Upon his debut in the WWF , Nailz attacked Bossman and stole his nightstick , which he used to attack his opponents over the following months . 
 Shortly after Tatanka 's debut in the WWF , he became involved in a feud with Rick Martel . They faced each other at WrestleMania VIII , and Tatanka defeated Martel . The following month , Martel gained revenge by attacking Tatanka with an atomizer of cologne and stealing the eagle feathers that Tatanka carried to symbolize his Lumbee heritage . 
 Ric Flair and his " executive consultant " Mr. Perfect had been allies in the WWF for much of 1992 . After Flair lost the WWF World Heavyweight Championship to Macho Man Randy Savage at WrestleMania VIII , Flair and Perfect initiated a feud with Savage . They interfered in Savage 's match at SummerSlam and caused him to lose by countout . The rivalry continued , and Flair received assistance from Perfect and Razor Ramon to win the title back from Savage on September 1 , which aired on the September 14 edition of WWF Prime Time Wrestling . The WWF planned for Savage to team with the Ultimate Warrior in a match against Flair and Ramon at Survivor Series . The Ultimate Warrior left the WWF , however , before the match could take place . Two possible reasons have been given for his departure . The first states that he was fired due to allegations of steroid abuse , while the other states that he was upset with the WWF 's future plans for his character . The WWF was forced to change the plan and decided to turn Perfect into a babyface ( fan favorite ) from a heel . Perfect and Flair began having conflicts while teaming together , and Perfect accepted Savage 's offer on the November 16 episode of WWF Prime Time Wrestling to team with him at Survivor Series . 
 Money Inc . ( " Million Dollar Man " Ted DiBiase and Irwin R. Schyster ) had been feuding with The Natural Disasters ( Earthquake and Typhoon ) since February 1992 when manager Jimmy Hart turned on Earthquake and Typhoon in favor of helping Money , Inc . With Hart 's assistance , Money , Inc. defeated the Legion of Doom for the WWF Tag Team Championship on February 7 , 1992 . Five months later , Earthquake and Typhoon defeated Money Inc. to win the championship . The Natural Disasters were also feuding with The Beverly Brothers ( Beau and Blake ) and defeated them in a title match at SummerSlam 1992 . A match was then announced for Survivor Series in which The Natural Disasters would team with The Bushwhackers ( Luke and Butch ) to face Money , Inc. and the Beverly Brothers . However , when The Nasty Boys ( Brian Knobbs and Jerry Sags ) , also managed by Hart , were scheduled to face The Natural Disasters for the title on October 13 , Hart replaced The Nasty Boys at the last minute with Money , Inc . , who went on to regain the championship with help from The Headshrinkers . This led to a break @-@ up between Hart and the Nasty Boys , who received the Bushwhackers ' spot in the Survivor Series match to get revenge against Jimmy Hart and Money , Inc . 
 At SummerSlam 1992 in August , The Undertaker defeated Kamala . Harvey Wippleman , Kamala 's manager wanted revenge , so a rematch was scheduled for Survivor Series . The match was promoted as the WWF 's first coffin match , in which the winner would place the loser in a coffin after the match . 
 The WWF also planned a match featuring The British Bulldog defending the WWF Intercontinental Championship against The Mountie at Survivor Series . The WWF released Smith due to steroid allegations , however , and he was made to drop the title belt to Shawn Michaels on the November 14 episode of Saturday Night 's Main Event . Jake Roberts was set to challenge Bret Hart , who had won the WWF World Heavyweight Championship on October 12 , for his title , but the promotion could not come to terms with Roberts . Ultimately , the WWF neglected to include an Intercontinental Championship match on the card , instead pitting Michaels against Hart . In this match , Hart 's title was defended while Michaels ' title was not . 
 
 = = Event = = 
 
 Prior to the pay @-@ per @-@ view broadcast , Crush defeated the Repo Man via submission . In the first televised match , High Energy ( Owen Hart and Koko B. Ware ) faced The Headshrinkers ( Samu and Fatu ) . Samu used his strength advantage to control the opening of the match against Hart . Ware entered the match and gained the advantage over both opponents until he attempted to knock The Headshrinkers ' heads against each other . According to WWF storylines , Samoans like The Headshrinkers have thick skulls and cannot be hurt in the head ; as a result , The Headshrinkers no @-@ sold the attack . Afa , The Headshrinkers ' manager , attacked Ware while the referee was distracted . Samu and Fatu took turns attacking Ware , and Fatu performed a thrust kick on Ware . The Headshrinkers used rulebreaking tactics to control the match until Hart was able to enter the match . He performed dropkicks from the top rope against both Headshrinkers . As he tried to attack Samu from the top rope again , Samu caught him and powerslammed him before Fatu executed a diving splash to get the pinfall victory . 
 The next match , between The Big Boss Man and Nailz , was a nightstick on a pole match . A nightstick was suspended above the ring and could be used as a weapon once it was retrieved . Nailz began the match by attempting to get the nightstick , but Boss Man stopped him . Nailz choked Boss Man before making another unsuccessful attempt to climb the pole and obtain the nightstick . Boss Man punched Nailz and then tried to climb the pole . Nailz stopped him , performed a back body drop , and choked Boss Man again . Boss Man regained control but missed a splash , which gave Nailz another chance to retrieve the nightstick . Both men clotheslined each other , but Boss Man recovered first and got the nightstick . He hit Nailz with it , but Nailz took it and used it against Boss Man . Boss Man performed the Boss Man slam , his finishing move , before pinning Nailz to win the match . 
 Tatanka controlled the opening of the next match against " The Model " Rick Martel with several throws and dropkicks . Martel responded by wearing Tatanka down with a front facelock . Tatanka escaped , but Martel used another front facelock almost immediately . He performed a neckbreaker on Tatanka before going back to the same hold as before . Tatanka gained the advantage by performing a clothesline on Martel . Martel ran at Tatanka , but Tatanka moved out of the way and Martel hit his shoulder against the ring post . Tatanka focused on attacking Martel 's injured shoulder but eventually was thrown out of the ring by Martel . Martel 's advantage was short @-@ lived , as Tatanka performed a series of backhand chops and a Tomahawk chop from the top rope before nailing The Model with a Samoan drop . Tatanka got the pinfall victory and retrieved his feathers from Martel after the match . While the match was in progress , Doink the Clown , who had not yet been named or debuted as a wrestler in the WWF , stood in the aisle and made balloon animals before popping them to upset the children in the audience . 
 In the next contest , Ric Flair and Razor Ramon wrestled against Mr. Perfect and Randy Savage . Ramon and Perfect began the match , but Flair entered after Perfect insulted him . Perfect threw Flair into the corner , and Flair 's momentum carried him over the top rope to the ring apron . Savage attacked Flair and then took Perfect 's place in the ring to maintain the advantage over Flair . From outside the ring , Ramon hit Savage with his knee and Flair and Ramon took turns attacking Savage 's knee . While Ramon performed a half Boston crab on Savage , Perfect considered leaving the match and abandoning Savage . Savage recovered briefly by trying to pin Flair , but Ramon performed a chokeslam on Savage . Ric Flair attempted to attack Savage from the top rope , but Savage threw him to the ring floor instead . Perfect executed a neckbreaker and an atomic drop on Ramon . Outside of the ring , Flair attacked Savage with a chair . The referee was knocked unconscious , and Perfect tried to pin Ramon by performing a PerfectPlex . Because no referee was available to count the pinfall , a substitute referee came to the ring . The first referee recovered as Perfect attempted to pin Flair with a PerfectPlex . Flair escaped the pin attempt , and he and Ramon attacked Perfect until the referees were unable to keep the match under control . As a result , Ramon and Flair were disqualified , and the victory was awarded to Perfect and Savage . 
 In the next match , Virgil faced Yokozuna , who was billed at 505 pounds . Virgil was unable to knock Yokozuna down with several dropkicks . Yokozuna performed a savate kick on Virgil before throwing him to the ring floor twice . He executed a legdrop on Virgil , but Virgil regained the advantage when Yokozuna accidentally ran into the ring pole while trying to attack Virgil . Yokozuna won the match after a splash in the corner and a Banzai Drop . 
 The following match was a tag team elimination match , in which The Natural Disasters ( Earthquake and Typhoon ) teamed with the Nasty Boys ( Jerry Sags and Brian Knobbs ) to face Money Inc . ( Ted DiBiase and Irwin R. Schyster ) and the Beverly Brothers ( Beau and Blake ) . The rules stated that when any man was eliminated , his tag team partner would also be eliminated . Blake Beverly and Typhoon began the match , but Beau and Earthquake soon entered the ring as well . The Natural Disasters gained control of the match by attacking Blake Beverly , and the Nasty Boys entered the ring to assist the Disasters . Blake attacked Sags and tagged out of the match . Beau entered but was bodyslammed by Sags ; Sags got distracted , however , which allowed Beau to suplex him and bring DiBiase into the match . Money Inc. took turns attacking Sags until Earthquake entered the ring . Earthquake performed an Earthquake splash by sitting on Beau Beverly to pin him and eliminate both Beverly Brothers . Earthquake fought DiBiase , but both men eventually left the ring and were replaced by their partners . Typhoon performed a splash on Schyster but was tripped by DiBiase . Schyster pinned Typhoon to eliminate The Natural Disasters . While Schyster was celebrating , Sags quickly pinned him to win the match for the Nasty Boys . 
 The coffin match , in which The Undertaker faced Kamala , came next . Kamala began the match by running in fear from The Undertaker . He gained the early advantage , however , by suddenly turning around and attacking The Undertaker . Kamala bodyslammed The Undertaker three times and performed three splashes . In an attempt to revive The Undertaker , Paul Bearer , his manager , held up an urn that was said to be the source of The Undertaker 's power . Kim Chee , one of Kamala 's handler 's attacked Bearer . The Undertaker picked up the urn , which had rolled into the ring , and hit Kamala with it . The Undertaker pinned Kamala to win the match , placed him in a coffin , and nailed the lid shut . 
 In the main event of the card , Bret Hart defended his WWF World Heavyweight Championship against Shawn Michaels . Hart controlled the beginning of the match by repeatedly executing armdrags and armbars but Michaels gained the advantage when " The Hitman " missed a charge into the corner and collided shoulder @-@ first with the ring post . Michaels then threw Hart into another ring post and wore him down by executing a front facelock . Hart was able to avoid Michaels ' first attempt at his finisher , the modified back suplex , and rallied with his trademark moves including an elbow from the second rope , running bulldog and a superplex . Michaels recovered and performed a superkick on Hart and was able this time to apply his suplex , but Hart kicked out . After Hart missed a desperation crossbody and crotched himself on the ropes , Shawn attempted a dropkick from the middle rope but Hart grabbed Michaels ' legs and applied the Sharpshooter , his finishing move . He retained his championship by forcing Michaels to submit . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 Ric Flair and Mr. Perfect continued their feud , although Flair legitimately requested to be released from his WWF contract in order to return to World Championship Wrestling ( WCW ) . His request was granted on the condition that he help build up Perfect as a credible babyface . The two men attacked each other during the battle royal at Royal Rumble 1993 , and Perfect eliminated Flair from the match . The following night , Perfect defeated Flair in a loser leaves town match . Flair did not return to the WWF until McMahon purchased WCW in 2001 . 
 The Undertaker 's feud with Harvey Wippleman continued for several months after Survivor Series . At Royal Rumble 1993 , Wippleman introduced a new wrestler named Giant Gonzalez . Despite not being scheduled in the match , Gonzalez attacked The Undertaker and eliminated him from the Royal Rumble match . The two men faced each other at WrestleMania IX , where Gonzalez was disqualified for attacking The Undertaker with a rag soaked in chloroform . Wippleman led Gonzalez and Mr. Hughes in another attack on The Undertaker , in which Hughes stole The Undertaker 's urn . The feud was resolved at SummerSlam 1993 , when The Undertaker defeated Gonzalez in a Rest in Peace match . 
 Yokozuna 's push continued , and he won the battle royal main event at Royal Rumble 1993 to earn a WWF Championship match against Bret Hart at WrestleMania IX . At WrestleMania , he defeated Hart to win the title belt . He immediately challenged Hulk Hogan to a match however , and WrestleMania ended with Yokozuna losing the WWF Championship to Hogan in 21 seconds . 
 Kevin Wacholz , who had portrayed Nailz , left the WWF shortly after Survivor Series . Upset about his pay from SummerSlam 1992 , he confronted WWF owner Vince McMahon and reportedly attacked him physically . He later testified against McMahon during a trial in which McMahon was accused of distributing steroids to wrestlers . Wacholz ' statements have been reported as having a harmful effect on the prosecution 's case because his anger at McMahon overshadowed his testimony . 
 Shawn Michaels became involved in a feud with his former tag team partner , Marty Jannetty . The team had split up earlier in the year when Michaels attacked Jannetty . Michaels defeated Jannetty at Royal Rumble 1993 , but the two traded the Intercontinental Championship back and forth in subsequent rematches . 
 
 = = = Reception = = = 
 
 Survivor Series 1992 was attended by 17 @,@ 500 fans , the same number as the previous year . It drew more fans than any of the following three Survivor Series event would draw . The pay @-@ per @-@ view buyrate was 1 @.@ 4 , which means that 1 @.@ 4 percent of households to which the event was available purchased the pay @-@ per @-@ view . This was , to that point , the lowest buyrate in Survivor Series history and down more than one @-@ third from the previous year 's 2 @.@ 2 buyrate . The buyrate was higher than that of any of the following twelve Survivor Series events , however . 
 Writing for The History of WWE , Matt Pettycord stated that the event was " pretty decent " considering that The Mountie , Davey Boy Smith , and the Ultimate Warrior left the company shortly before the event . On a five @-@ star scale , he rated only the Flair / Ramon vs. Savage / Perfect match and the Hart vs. Michaels match higher than one star . He stated that the event is " recommended , but not required " , although the WWF Championship match was a " must @-@ see " . 
 Adam Gutschmidt , reviewing the event for Online Onslaught , gave a rating of one @-@ quarter star for the Nightstick on a Pole match and one @-@ half star each for the High Energy vs. The Headshrinkers match and the Yokozuna vs. Virgil match . He enjoyed the WWF Championship match , although he was disappointed by its lack of buildup prior to the event . He also felt that the Flair / Ramon vs. Savage / Perfect match was a good one until the ending got out of control . Pro Wrestling Torch columnist agreed , stating that the WWF Championship match was the best and that the Flair / Ramon vs. Savage / Perfect bout was also enjoyable , but he recommended fast @-@ forwarding through the rest of the show . 
 The event was released in North America on VHS by Coliseum Video on February 11 , 1993 . The VHS version was released in the United Kingdom on March 8 , 1993 . A DVD version is also available in the United Kingdom ; it was packaged together with Survivor Series 1991 as part of the WWE Tagged Classics line and released on November 7 , 2005 . 
 
 = = Results = = 
 
 
 = = = Survivor Series elimination match = = = 
 
 ^ 1 
 
 
 = Ouw Peh Tjoa = 
 
 Ouw Peh Tjoa ( Chinese : 水淹金山 ; Hokkien for Black and White Snakes ) , also known by the Malay @-@ language title Doea Siloeman Oeler Poeti en Item ( meaning Two Snakes , One White and One Black ) , is a 1934 film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) . It was directed and produced by The Teng Chun . Adapted from Legend of the White Snake , a Chinese folktale , it follows a magical snake who passes as a human but ultimately dies . The film , now possibly lost , was followed by one sequel , Anaknja Siloeman Oeler Poeti , in 1936 . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 After meditating for several hundred years , a magical white snake transforms into a beautiful woman . Her competitor , a black snake , does likewise . The two compete for the love of a man named Khouw Han Boen . Ultimately Khouw agrees to marry the ( former ) white snake , but when her true identity is revealed he attempts to cancel their wedding . The snake @-@ woman , crying , tells Khouw 's boss that they are to be married , and ultimately Khouw is guilted into marrying her . 
 As time passes , Khouw sees his wife occasionally transform into a snake . She is always , however , able to convince him otherwise . He falls further in love with her , and their marriage is a happy one . After several months he is accosted by a priest , Hoat Hae Sian Soe , who then leads an attempt to kill the snake @-@ woman . She escapes , pursued by the priests . 
 The priests catch the snake and prepare to kill her , but are stopped by the goddess Kwan Im , who tells the stunned pursuers that the snake is pregnant and thus must not be killed . A month after the snake gives birth , the priests return . The snake @-@ woman gives her child to Khouw and then surrenders herself to her fate . She is captured in a magical jar and brought away . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 Ouw Peh Tjoa was directed and produced by The Teng Chun for his company , Cino Motion Pictures . Since releasing Sam Pek Eng Tay in 1931 , based on the legend of the Butterfly Lovers , The Teng Chun had released a series of films based on Chinese legends and folktales , including Pat Bie To ( Eight Beautiful Women ; 1932 ) and Pat Kiam Hiap ( Eight Swordsmen ; 1933 ) . These stories were selected because the peranakan Chinese in the Indies were unable to understand Mandarin and Cantonese imports from China , but wanted to see films based on Chinese mythology . Overall , The Teng Chun 's films emphasised the martial art silat and were generally profitable , allowing him to dominate the industry . 
 The cast of this black @-@ and @-@ white film is unrecorded . The dialogue , captured by the film 's director @-@ cum @-@ producer , was in Malay . The snakes used in the production of this film came from The Teng Chun 's personal zoo . 
 
 = = Release and reception = = 
 
 According to The , in a 1970s interview , Ouw Peh Tjoa was released in 1934 . Newspaper advertisements show the film being screened by February 1935 . The film mostly targeted ethnic Chinese audiences . Advertising material , however , emphasised the use of spoken Malay and described the film as " full of astonishments and all forms of magic fights " ; through these action sequences , Ouw Peh Tjoa proved popular among native audiences . The film was exported to Singapore , part of the Straits Settlements , where there was a large ethnic Chinese population . 
 The success of Ouw Peh Tjoa allowed The Teng Chun to import new equipment for his studio ( renamed Java Industrial Film ) , which he used in his future productions . The film was followed in 1936 by a sequel , Anaknja Siloeman Oeler Poeti ( Child of the White Snake ) . The Teng Chun continued releasing films based on Chinese legends until 1937 , a year after Albert Balink 's Pareh changed domestic perceptions of profitable film storylines . The 's later films adapted stories closer to the native populace of the Indies and focussing on events that could happen in day @-@ to @-@ day life . Through 1940 and 1941 Java Industrial Films was the most productive studio in the Indies , until it was shut down during the Japanese occupation which began in March 1942 . 
 Screenings of Ouw Peh Tjoa continued until at least 1953 . The film is now likely lost . Movies in the Indies were recorded on highly flammable nitrate film , and after a fire destroyed much of Produksi Film Negara 's warehouse in 1952 , old films shot on nitrate were deliberately destroyed . As such , the American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider writes that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost . However , JB Kristanto 's Katalog Film Indonesia ( Indonesian Film Catalogue ) records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia 's archives , and Biran writes that several Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service . 
 
 = = Explanatory notes = = 
 
 
 
 = HMS Comet ( H00 ) = 
 
 HMS Comet was a C @-@ class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the early 1930s . She saw service in the Home and Mediterranean Fleets and the ship spent six months during the Spanish Civil War in late 1936 in Spanish waters , enforcing the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides of the conflict . Comet transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy ( RCN ) in 1938 and renamed HMCS Restigouche . During World War II , she served as a convoy escort in the battle of the Atlantic , on anti @-@ submarine patrols during the invasion of Normandy , and was employed as a troop transport after VE Day for returning Canadian servicemen , before being decommissioned in late 1945 . Restigouche was sold for scrap in 1946 . 
 
 = = Design and construction = = 
 
 Comet displaced 1 @,@ 375 long tons ( 1 @,@ 397 t ) at standard load and 1 @,@ 865 long tons ( 1 @,@ 895 t ) at deep load . The ship had an overall length of 329 feet ( 100 @.@ 3 m ) , a beam of 33 feet ( 10 @.@ 1 m ) and a draught of 12 feet 6 inches ( 3 @.@ 8 m ) . She was powered by Parsons geared steam turbines , driving two shafts , which developed a total of 36 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 27 @,@ 000 kW ) and gave a maximum speed of 36 knots ( 67 km / h ; 41 mph ) . Steam for the turbines was provided by three Admiralty 3 @-@ drum water @-@ tube boilers . Comet carried a maximum of 473 long tons ( 481 t ) of fuel oil that gave her a range of 5 @,@ 500 nautical miles ( 10 @,@ 200 km ; 6 @,@ 300 mi ) at 15 knots ( 28 km / h ; 17 mph ) . The ship 's complement was 145 officers and men . 
 The ship mounted four 45 @-@ calibre 4 @.@ 7 @-@ inch Mk IX guns in single mounts , designated ' A ' , ' B ' , ' X ' , and ' Y ' from front to rear . For anti @-@ aircraft ( AA ) defence , Comet had a single QF 3 @-@ inch 20 cwt AA gun between her funnels , and two 40 @-@ millimetre ( 1 @.@ 6 in ) QF 2 @-@ pounder Mk II AA guns mounted on the aft end of her forecastle deck . The 3 @-@ inch ( 76 mm ) AA gun was removed in 1936 and the 2 @-@ pounders were relocated to between the funnels . She was fitted with two above @-@ water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 @-@ inch torpedoes . Three depth @-@ charge chutes were fitted , each with a capacity of two depth charges . After World War II began this was increased to 33 depth charges , delivered by one or two rails and two throwers . 
 The ship was ordered on 15 July 1930 from Portsmouth Dockyard under the 1929 Programme . Comet was laid down on 12 September 1930 , launched on 30 September 1931 , as the 14th ship to carry the name , and completed on 2 June 1932 . 
 
 = = Service history = = 
 
 After sea trials in May 1932 , Comet was commissioned for service in the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla , Home Fleet , in early June . On 21 July , she was damaged in a collision with her sister Crescent at Chatham and repaired at Chatham Dockyard between 28 July and 20 August . The ship was refitted at Chatham from 20 July to 3 September 1934 . Following the Italian invasion of Abyssinia , Comet was sent in August 1935 to the Red Sea with the other ships of the 2nd Flotilla to monitor Italian warship movements until March 1936 . 
 Comet returned to the UK in April 1936 and refitted at Sheerness between 23 April and 29 June before resuming duty with the Home Fleet . In July she was deployed for patrol duties off the Spanish coast in the Bay of Biscay to intercept shipping carrying contraband goods to Spain and to protect British flagged shipping during the first stages of the Spanish Civil War . On 9 August she assisted the crew of the crippled British yacht Blue Shadow off Gijon , after the small vessel was shelled by mistake by the Nationalist cruiser Almirante Cervera . The ship was briefly placed in reserve in late 1936 while discussions were held about transferring her to the Royal Canadian Navy . Two of her sisters were chosen instead and Comet was recommissioned for service with the Mediterranean Fleet as plane guard for the aircraft carrier Glorious on 29 December . 
 In April 1937 she returned to Portsmouth with Glorious , and on 20 May the ship participated in the Coronation Review of the fleet at Spithead by King George VI . Four days later , Comet began a refit at Portsmouth that lasted until 18 June . The ship resumed plane guard duties for Glorious in the Mediterranean . She began a major refit at Chatham on 26 May 1938 to bring her up to Canadian specifications that included the installation of Type 124 ASDIC . 
 
 = = = Transfer to the Royal Canadian Navy = = = 
 
 On 11 June she was commissioned by the RCN and renamed Restigouche , although her refit was not completed until 20 August . Restigouche was assigned to the Canadian Pacific Coast and arrived at Esquimalt on 7 November 1938 . She remained there until she was ordered to Halifax , Nova Scotia on 15 November 1939 where she escorted local convoys , including the convoy carrying half of the 1st Canadian Infantry Division to the UK on 10 December . Restigouche was ordered to Plymouth on 24 May 1940 and arrived there on 31 May . Upon arrival , the ship 's rear torpedo tube mount was removed and replaced by a 12 @-@ pounder AA gun and the 2 @-@ pounders were exchanged for quadruple Mark I mounts for the QF 0 @.@ 5 @-@ inch Vickers Mark III machine gun . 
 On 9 June , Restigouche was ordered to Le Havre , France to evacuate British troops , but none were to be found and the ship investigated the small port of Saint @-@ Valery @-@ en @-@ Caux some 40 miles ( 64 km ) northeast of Le Havre on 11 June . They found some elements of the 51st Infantry Division , but had not received any orders to evacuate and refused to do so . Whilst recovering her landing party , the ship was taken under fire by a German artillery battery , but she was not hit and returned fire . After returning to England , Restigouche escorted several troop convoys on the last legs of their journeys from Canada , Australia and New Zealand in mid @-@ June . On 23 June , the ship escorted the ocean liner SS Arandora Star to St. Jean de Luz to evacuate Polish troops and British refugees trapped by the German Army in south @-@ western France ( Operation Ariel ) . On 25 June 1940 , Restigouche , her sister HMCS Fraser , and the light cruiser HMS Calcutta were returning from St. Jean de Luz when Fraser was rammed by Calcutta in the Gironde estuary at night . Struck forward of the bridge by the cruiser 's bow , Fraser was cut in half , although the rear part of the ship did not immediately sink . All but 47 of the ship 's crew and evacuees were rescued by Restigouche and other nearby ships . The rear portion had to be sunk by Restigouche . 
 The ship was transferred to the Western Approaches Command afterwards for convoy escort duties . She sailed for Halifax at the end of August for a refit that lasted until October . Upon its completion , Restigouche remained at Halifax for local escort duties until January 1941 when she sailed for the UK where she was reassigned to the Western Approaches Command . The ship was ordered to St. John 's , Newfoundland on 30 May to reinforce escort forces in the Western Atlantic . Whilst guarding the battleship Prince of Wales at Placentia Bay on 8 August , Restigouche damaged her propellers when she struck bottom and required repairs that lasted until October . She was not out of dockyard hands for very long before she was badly damaged by a storm while en route to join Convoy ON @-@ 44 on 12 December . Repairs at Greenock lasted until 9 March 1942 and her director @-@ control tower and rangefinder above the bridge had been removed by this time in exchange for a Type 271 target indication radar . 
 Other changes made during the war ( exactly when these occurred is unknown ) included the replacement of ' A ' gun by a Hedgehog anti @-@ submarine spigot mortar , exchanging her two quadruple .50 @-@ calibre Vickers machine guns mounted between her funnels for two Oerlikon 20 mm AA guns , the addition of two Oerlikon guns to her searchlight platform , and the removal of her 12 @-@ pounder AA gun . Type 286 short @-@ range surface search radar was also added . Two QF 6 pounder Hotchkiss guns were fitted on the wings of her bridge to deal with U @-@ boats at short ranges . ' Y ' gun was also removed to allow her depth charge stowage to be increased to at least 60 depth charges . 
 Restigouche was assigned to the Mid @-@ Ocean Escort Force when her refit was finished and served with a variety of escort groups . The ship was permanently assigned to Escort Group C4 in April 1943 and received a refit between August and December . She rejoined the escort group upon completion of the refit until she was transferred to 12th Escort Group in early 1944 for anti @-@ submarine operations in the Western Approaches . In June – July 1944 , Restigouche patrolled in the English Channel and the Bay of Biscay hunting for German submarines trying to sink Allied shipping . On the night of 5 – 6 July , the ship and the rest of the 12th Escort Group sank three small German patrol boats off Brest . The following month , the 12th Support Group , including Restigouche , engaged three minesweepers on 12 August , without sinking any . The ship was sent to Canada for a lengthy refit later in the month . After working up in Bermuda , she arrived at Halifax on 14 February 1945 and began escorting local convoys . This lasted until the end of the war in May , after which the ship was used to transfer returning troops from Newfoundland to mainland Canada until she was paid off on 5 October . Restigouche was sold for scrap in 1946 . 
 
 = = Ship 's bell = = 
 
 The Christening Bells Project at Canadian Forces Base Esquimalt Naval and Military Museum includes information about the baptism of babies in the ship 's bell . The bell is currently held by the Royal Canadian Legion , Lantzville , British Columbia . 
 
 = = Trans @-@ Atlantic convoys escorted = = 
 
 
 
 = History of artificial intelligence = 
 
 The history of artificial intelligence ( AI ) began in antiquity , with myths , stories and rumors of artificial beings endowed with intelligence or consciousness by master craftsmen ; as Pamela McCorduck writes , AI began with " an ancient wish to forge the gods . " 
 The seeds of modern AI were planted by classical philosophers who attempted to describe the process of human thinking as the mechanical manipulation of symbols . This work culminated in the invention of the programmable digital computer in the 1940s , a machine based on the abstract essence of mathematical reasoning . This device and the ideas behind it inspired a handful of scientists to begin seriously discussing the possibility of building an electronic brain . 
 The Turing test was proposed by British mathematician Alan Turing in his 1950 paper Computing Machinery and Intelligence , which opens with the words : " I propose to consider the question , ' Can machines think ? ' " The term ' Artificial Intelligence ' was created at a conference held at Dartmouth College in 1956 . Allen Newell , J. C. Shaw , and Herbert A. Simon pioneered the newly created artificial intelligence field with the Logic Theory Machine ( 1956 ) , and the General Problem Solver in 1957 . In 1958 , John McCarthy and Marvin Minsky started the MIT Artificial Intelligence lab with $ 50 @,@ 000 . John McCarthy also created LISP in the summer of 1958 , a programming language still important in artificial intelligence research . 
 In 1973 , in response to the criticism of James Lighthill and ongoing pressure from congress , the U.S. and British Governments stopped funding undirected research into artificial intelligence . Seven years later , a visionary initiative by the Japanese Government inspired governments and industry to provide AI with billions of dollars , but by the late 80s the investors became disillusioned and withdrew funding again . 
 
 = = Precursors = = 
 
 McCorduck ( 2004 ) writes " artificial intelligence in one form or another is an idea that has pervaded Western intellectual history , a dream in urgent need of being realized , " expressed in humanity 's myths , legends , stories , speculation and clockwork automatons . 
 
 = = = AI in myth , fiction and speculation = = = 
 
 Mechanical men and artificial beings appear in Greek myths , such as the golden robots of Hephaestus and Pygmalion 's Galatea . In the Middle Ages , there were rumors of secret mystical or alchemical means of placing mind into matter , such as Jābir ibn Hayyān 's Takwin , Paracelsus ' homunculus and Rabbi Judah Loew 's Golem . By the 19th century , ideas about artificial men and thinking machines were developed in fiction , as in Mary Shelley 's Frankenstein or Karel Čapek 's R.U.R. ( Rossum 's Universal Robots ) , and speculation , such as Samuel Butler 's " Darwin among the Machines . " AI has continued to be an important element of science fiction into the present . 
 
 = = = Automatons = = = 
 
 Realistic humanoid automatons were built by craftsman from every civilization , including Yan Shi , Hero of Alexandria , Al @-@ Jazari and Wolfgang von Kempelen . The oldest known automatons were the sacred statues of ancient Egypt and Greece . The faithful believed that craftsman had imbued these figures with very real minds , capable of wisdom and emotion — Hermes Trismegistus wrote that " by discovering the true nature of the gods , man has been able to reproduce it . " 
 
 = = = Formal reasoning = = = 
 
 Artificial intelligence is based on the assumption that the process of human thought can be mechanized . The study of mechanical — or " formal " — reasoning has a long history . Chinese , Indian and Greek philosophers all developed structured methods of formal deduction in the first millennium BCE . Their ideas were developed over the centuries by philosophers such as Aristotle ( who gave a formal analysis of the syllogism ) , Euclid ( whose Elements was a model of formal reasoning ) , Muslim mathematician al @-@ Khwārizmī ( who developed algebra and gave his name to " algorithm " ) and European scholastic philosophers such as William of Ockham and Duns Scotus . 
 Majorcan philosopher Ramon Llull ( 1232 – 1315 ) developed several logical machines devoted to the production of knowledge by logical means ; Llull described his machines as mechanical entities that could combine basic and undeniable truths by simple logical operations , produced by the machine by mechanical meanings , in such ways as to produce all the possible knowledge . Llull 's work had a great influence on Gottfried Leibniz , who redeveloped his ideas . 
 In the 17th century , Leibniz , Thomas Hobbes and René Descartes explored the possibility that all rational thought could be made as systematic as algebra or geometry . Hobbes famously wrote in Leviathan : " reason is nothing but reckoning " . Leibniz envisioned a universal language of reasoning ( his characteristica universalis ) which would reduce argumentation to calculation , so that " there would be no more need of disputation between two philosophers than between two accountants . For it would suffice to take their pencils in hand , down to their slates , and to say each other ( with a friend as witness , if they liked ) : Let us calculate . " These philosophers had begun to articulate the physical symbol system hypothesis that would become the guiding faith of AI research . 
 In the 20th century , the study of mathematical logic provided the essential breakthrough that made artificial intelligence seem plausible . The foundations had been set by such works as Boole 's The Laws of Thought and Frege 's Begriffsschrift . Building on Frege 's system , Russell and Whitehead presented a formal treatment of the foundations of mathematics in their masterpiece , the Principia Mathematica in 1913 . Inspired by Russell 's success , David Hilbert challenged mathematicians of the 1920s and 30s to answer this fundamental question : " can all of mathematical reasoning be formalized ? " His question was answered by Gödel 's incompleteness proof , Turing 's machine and Church 's Lambda calculus . Their answer was surprising in two ways . 
 First , they proved that there were , in fact , limits to what mathematical logic could accomplish . But second ( and more important for AI ) their work suggested that , within these limits , any form of mathematical reasoning could be mechanized . The Church @-@ Turing thesis implied that a mechanical device , shuffling symbols as simple as 0 and 1 , could imitate any conceivable process of mathematical deduction . The key insight was the Turing machine — a simple theoretical construct that captured the essence of abstract symbol manipulation . This invention would inspire a handful of scientists to begin discussing the possibility of thinking machines . 
 
 = = = Computer science = = = 
 
 Calculating machines were built in antiquity and improved throughout history by many mathematicians , including ( once again ) philosopher Gottfried Leibniz . In the early 19th century , Charles Babbage designed a programmable computer ( the Analytical Engine ) , although it was never built . Ada Lovelace speculated that the machine " might compose elaborate and scientific pieces of music of any degree of complexity or extent " . ( She is often credited as the first programmer because of a set of notes she wrote that completely detail a method for calculating Bernoulli numbers with the Engine . ) 
 The first modern computers were the massive code breaking machines of the Second World War ( such as Z3 , ENIAC and Colossus ) . The latter two of these machines were based on the theoretical foundation laid by Alan Turing and developed by John von Neumann . 
 
 = = The birth of artificial intelligence 1952 – 1956 = = 
 
 In the 1940s and 50s , a handful of scientists from a variety of fields ( mathematics , psychology , engineering , economics and political science ) began to discuss the possibility of creating an artificial brain . The field of artificial intelligence research was founded as an academic discipline in 1956 . 
 
 = = = Cybernetics and early neural networks = = = 
 
 The earliest research into thinking machines was inspired by a confluence of ideas that became prevalent in the late 30s , 40s and early 50s . Recent research in neurology had shown that the brain was an electrical network of neurons that fired in all @-@ or @-@ nothing pulses . Norbert Wiener 's cybernetics described control and stability in electrical networks . Claude Shannon 's information theory described digital signals ( i.e. , all @-@ or @-@ nothing signals ) . Alan Turing 's theory of computation showed that any form of computation could be described digitally . The close relationship between these ideas suggested that it might be possible to construct an electronic brain . 
 Examples of work in this vein includes robots such as W. Grey Walter 's turtles and the Johns Hopkins Beast . These machines did not use computers , digital electronics or symbolic reasoning ; they were controlled entirely by analog circuitry . 
 Walter Pitts and Warren McCulloch analyzed networks of idealized artificial neurons and showed how they might perform simple logical functions . They were the first to describe what later researchers would call a neural network . One of the students inspired by Pitts and McCulloch was a young Marvin Minsky , then a 24 @-@ year @-@ old graduate student . In 1951 ( with Dean Edmonds ) he built the first neural net machine , the SNARC . Minsky was to become one of the most important leaders and innovators in AI for the next 50 years . 
 
 = = = Turing 's test = = = 
 
 In 1950 Alan Turing published a landmark paper in which he speculated about the possibility of creating machines that think . He noted that " thinking " is difficult to define and devised his famous Turing Test . If a machine could carry on a conversation ( over a teleprinter ) that was indistinguishable from a conversation with a human being , then it was reasonable to say that the machine was " thinking " . This simplified version of the problem allowed Turing to argue convincingly that a " thinking machine " was at least plausible and the paper answered all the most common objections to the proposition . The Turing Test was the first serious proposal in the philosophy of artificial intelligence . 
 
 = = = Game AI = = = 
 
 In 1951 , using the Ferranti Mark 1 machine of the University of Manchester , Christopher Strachey wrote a checkers program and Dietrich Prinz wrote one for chess . Arthur Samuel 's checkers program , developed in the middle 50s and early 60s , eventually achieved sufficient skill to challenge a respectable amateur . Game AI would continue to be used as a measure of progress in AI throughout its history . 
 
 = = = Symbolic reasoning and the Logic Theorist = = = 
 
 When access to digital computers became possible in the middle fifties , a few scientists instinctively recognized that a machine that could manipulate numbers could also manipulate symbols and that the manipulation of symbols could well be the essence of human thought . This was a new approach to creating thinking machines . 
 In 1955 , Allen Newell and ( future Nobel Laureate ) Herbert A. Simon created the " Logic Theorist " ( with help from J. C. Shaw ) . The program would eventually prove 38 of the first 52 theorems in Russell and Whitehead 's Principia Mathematica , and find new and more elegant proofs for some . Simon said that they had " solved the venerable mind / body problem , explaining how a system composed of matter can have the properties of mind . " ( This was an early statement of the philosophical position John Searle would later call " Strong AI " : that machines can contain minds just as human bodies do . ) 
 
 = = = Dartmouth Conference 1956 : the birth of AI = = = 
 
 The Dartmouth Conference of 1956 was organized by Marvin Minsky , John McCarthy and two senior scientists : Claude Shannon and Nathan Rochester of IBM . The proposal for the conference included this assertion : " every aspect of learning or any other feature of intelligence can be so precisely described that a machine can be made to simulate it " . The participants included Ray Solomonoff , Oliver Selfridge , Trenchard More , Arthur Samuel , Allen Newell and Herbert A. Simon , all of whom would create important programs during the first decades of AI research . At the conference Newell and Simon debuted the " Logic Theorist " and McCarthy persuaded the attendees to accept " Artificial Intelligence " as the name of the field . The 1956 Dartmouth conference was the moment that AI gained its name , its mission , its first success and its major players , and is widely considered the birth of AI . 
 
 = = The golden years 1956 – 1974 = = 
 
 The years after the Dartmouth conference were an era of discovery , of sprinting across new ground . The programs that were developed during this time were , to most people , simply " astonishing " : computers were solving algebra word problems , proving theorems in geometry and learning to speak English . Few at the time would have believed that such " intelligent " behavior by machines was possible at all . Researchers expressed an intense optimism in private and in print , predicting that a fully intelligent machine would be built in less than 20 years . Government agencies like ARPA poured money into the new field . 
 
 = = = The work = = = 
 
 There were many successful programs and new directions in the late 50s and 1960s . Among the most influential were these : 
 
 = = = = Reasoning as search = = = = 
 
 Many early AI programs used the same basic algorithm . To achieve some goal ( like winning a game or proving a theorem ) , they proceeded step by step towards it ( by making a move or a deduction ) as if searching through a maze , backtracking whenever they reached a dead end . This paradigm was called " reasoning as search " . 
 The principal difficulty was that , for many problems , the number of possible paths through the " maze " was simply astronomical ( a situation known as a " combinatorial explosion " ) . Researchers would reduce the search space by using heuristics or " rules of thumb " that would eliminate those paths that were unlikely to lead to a solution . 
 Newell and Simon tried to capture a general version of this algorithm in a program called the " General Problem Solver " . Other " searching " programs were able to accomplish impressive tasks like solving problems in geometry and algebra , such as Herbert Gelernter 's Geometry Theorem Prover ( 1958 ) and SAINT , written by Minsky 's student James Slagle ( 1961 ) . Other programs searched through goals and subgoals to plan actions , like the STRIPS system developed at Stanford to control the behavior of their robot Shakey . 
 
 = = = = Natural language = = = = 
 
 An important goal of AI research is to allow computers to communicate in natural languages like English . An early success was Daniel Bobrow 's program STUDENT , which could solve high school algebra word problems . 
 A semantic net represents concepts ( e.g. " house " , " door " ) as nodes and relations among concepts ( e.g. " has @-@ a " ) as links between the nodes . The first AI program to use a semantic net was written by Ross Quillian and the most successful ( and controversial ) version was Roger Schank 's Conceptual dependency theory . 
 Joseph Weizenbaum 's ELIZA could carry out conversations that were so realistic that users occasionally were fooled into thinking they were communicating with a human being and not a program . But in fact , ELIZA had no idea what she was talking about . She simply gave a canned response or repeated back what was said to her , rephrasing her response with a few grammar rules . ELIZA was the first chatterbot . 
 
 = = = = Micro @-@ worlds = = = = 
 
 In the late 60s , Marvin Minsky and Seymour Papert of the MIT AI Laboratory proposed that AI research should focus on artificially simple situations known as micro @-@ worlds . They pointed out that in successful sciences like physics , basic principles were often best understood using simplified models like frictionless planes or perfectly rigid bodies . Much of the research focused on a " blocks world , " which consists of colored blocks of various shapes and sizes arrayed on a flat surface . 
 This paradigm led to innovative work in machine vision by Gerald Sussman ( who led the team ) , Adolfo Guzman , David Waltz ( who invented " constraint propagation " ) , and especially Patrick Winston . At the same time , Minsky and Papert built a robot arm that could stack blocks , bringing the blocks world to life . The crowning achievement of the micro @-@ world program was Terry Winograd 's SHRDLU . It could communicate in ordinary English sentences , plan operations and execute them . 
 
 = = = The optimism = = = 
 
 The first generation of AI researchers made these predictions about their work : 
 1958 , H. A. Simon and Allen Newell : " within ten years a digital computer will be the world 's chess champion " and " within ten years a digital computer will discover and prove an important new mathematical theorem . " 
 1965 , H. A. Simon : " machines will be capable , within twenty years , of doing any work a man can do . " 
 1967 , Marvin Minsky : " Within a generation ... the problem of creating ' artificial intelligence ' will substantially be solved . " 
 1970 , Marvin Minsky ( in Life Magazine ) : " In from three to eight years we will have a machine with the general intelligence of an average human being . " 
 
 = = = The money = = = 
 
 In June 1963 , MIT received a $ 2 @.@ 2 million grant from the newly created Advanced Research Projects Agency ( later known as DARPA ) . The money was used to fund project MAC which subsumed the " AI Group " founded by Minsky and McCarthy five years earlier . DARPA continued to provide three million dollars a year until the 70s . DARPA made similar grants to Newell and Simon 's program at CMU and to the Stanford AI Project ( founded by John McCarthy in 1963 ) . Another important AI laboratory was established at Edinburgh University by Donald Michie in 1965 . These four institutions would continue to be the main centers of AI research ( and funding ) in academia for many years . 
 The money was proffered with few strings attached : J. C. R. Licklider , then the director of ARPA , believed that his organization should " fund people , not projects ! " and allowed researchers to pursue whatever directions might interest them . This created a freewheeling atmosphere at MIT that gave birth to the hacker culture , but this " hands off " approach would not last . 
 
 = = The first AI winter 1974 – 1980 = = 
 
 In the 70s , AI was subject to critiques and financial setbacks . AI researchers had failed to appreciate the difficulty of the problems they faced . Their tremendous optimism had raised expectations impossibly high , and when the promised results failed to materialize , funding for AI disappeared . At the same time , the field of connectionism ( or neural nets ) was shut down almost completely for 10 years by Marvin Minsky 's devastating criticism of perceptrons . Despite the difficulties with public perception of AI in the late 70s , new ideas were explored in logic programming , commonsense reasoning and many other areas . 
 
 = = = The problems = = = 
 
 In the early seventies , the capabilities of AI programs were limited . Even the most impressive could only handle trivial versions of the problems they were supposed to solve ; all the programs were , in some sense , " toys " . AI researchers had begun to run into several fundamental limits that could not be overcome in the 1970s . Although some of these limits would be conquered in later decades , others still stymie the field to this day . 
 Limited computer power : There was not enough memory or processing speed to accomplish anything truly useful . For example , Ross Quillian 's successful work on natural language was demonstrated with a vocabulary of only twenty words , because that was all that would fit in memory . Hans Moravec argued in 1976 that computers were still millions of times too weak to exhibit intelligence . He suggested an analogy : artificial intelligence requires computer power in the same way that aircraft require horsepower . Below a certain threshold , it 's impossible , but , as power increases , eventually it could become easy . With regard to computer vision , Moravec estimated that simply matching the edge and motion detection capabilities of human retina in real time would require a general @-@ purpose computer capable of 109 operations / second ( 1000 MIPS ) . As of 2011 , practical computer vision applications require 10 @,@ 000 to 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 MIPS . By comparison , the fastest supercomputer in 1976 , Cray @-@ 1 ( retailing at $ 5 million to $ 8 million ) , was only capable of around 80 to 130 MIPS , and a typical desktop computer at the time achieved less than 1 MIPS . 
 Intractability and the combinatorial explosion . In 1972 Richard Karp ( building on Stephen Cook 's 1971 theorem ) showed there are many problems that can probably only be solved in exponential time ( in the size of the inputs ) . Finding optimal solutions to these problems requires unimaginable amounts of computer time except when the problems are trivial . This almost certainly meant that many of the " toy " solutions used by AI would probably never scale up into useful systems . 
 Commonsense knowledge and reasoning . Many important artificial intelligence applications like vision or natural language require simply enormous amounts of information about the world : the program needs to have some idea of what it might be looking at or what it is talking about . This requires that the program know most of the same things about the world that a child does . Researchers soon discovered that this was a truly vast amount of information . No one in 1970 could build a database so large and no one knew how a program might learn so much information . 
 Moravec 's paradox : Proving theorems and solving geometry problems is comparatively easy for computers , but a supposedly simple task like recognizing a face or crossing a room without bumping into anything is extremely difficult . This helps explain why research into vision and robotics had made so little progress by the middle 1970s . 
 The frame and qualification problems . AI researchers ( like John McCarthy ) who used logic discovered that they could not represent ordinary deductions that involved planning or default reasoning without making changes to the structure of logic itself . They developed new logics ( like non @-@ monotonic logics and modal logics ) to try to solve the problems . 
 
 = = = The end of funding = = = 
 
 The agencies which funded AI research ( such as the British government , DARPA and NRC ) became frustrated with the lack of progress and eventually cut off almost all funding for undirected research into AI . The pattern began as early as 1966 when the ALPAC report appeared criticizing machine translation efforts . After spending 20 million dollars , the NRC ended all support . In 1973 , the Lighthill report on the state of AI research in England criticized the utter failure of AI to achieve its " grandiose objectives " and led to the dismantling of AI research in that country . ( The report specifically mentioned the combinatorial explosion problem as a reason for AI 's failings . ) DARPA was deeply disappointed with researchers working on the Speech Understanding Research program at CMU and canceled an annual grant of three million dollars . By 1974 , funding for AI projects was hard to find . 
 Hans Moravec blamed the crisis on the unrealistic predictions of his colleagues . " Many researchers were caught up in a web of increasing exaggeration . " However , there was another issue : since the passage of the Mansfield Amendment in 1969 , DARPA had been under increasing pressure to fund " mission @-@ oriented direct research , rather than basic undirected research " . Funding for the creative , freewheeling exploration that had gone on in the 60s would not come from DARPA . Instead , the money was directed at specific projects with clear objectives , such as autonomous tanks and battle management systems . 
 
 = = = Critiques from across campus = = = 
 
 Several philosophers had strong objections to the claims being made by AI researchers . One of the earliest was John Lucas , who argued that Gödel 's incompleteness theorem showed that a formal system ( such as a computer program ) could never see the truth of certain statements , while a human being could . Hubert Dreyfus ridiculed the broken promises of the 60s and critiqued the assumptions of AI , arguing that human reasoning actually involved very little " symbol processing " and a great deal of embodied , instinctive , unconscious " know how " . John Searle 's Chinese Room argument , presented in 1980 , attempted to show that a program could not be said to " understand " the symbols that it uses ( a quality called " intentionality " ) . If the symbols have no meaning for the machine , Searle argued , then the machine can not be described as " thinking " . 
 These critiques were not taken seriously by AI researchers , often because they seemed so far off the point . Problems like intractability and commonsense knowledge seemed much more immediate and serious . It was unclear what difference " know how " or " intentionality " made to an actual computer program . Minsky said of Dreyfus and Searle " they misunderstand , and should be ignored . " Dreyfus , who taught at MIT , was given a cold shoulder : he later said that AI researchers " dared not be seen having lunch with me . " Joseph Weizenbaum , the author of ELIZA , felt his colleagues ' treatment of Dreyfus was unprofessional and childish . Although he was an outspoken critic of Dreyfus ' positions , he " deliberately made it plain that theirs was not the way to treat a human being . " 
 Weizenbaum began to have serious ethical doubts about AI when Kenneth Colby wrote DOCTOR , a chatterbot therapist . Weizenbaum was disturbed that Colby saw his mindless program as a serious therapeutic tool . A feud began , and the situation was not helped when Colby did not credit Weizenbaum for his contribution to the program . In 1976 , Weizenbaum published Computer Power and Human Reason which argued that the misuse of artificial intelligence has the potential to devalue human life . 
 
 = = = Perceptrons and the dark age of connectionism = = = 
 
 A perceptron was a form of neural network introduced in 1958 by Frank Rosenblatt , who had been a schoolmate of Marvin Minsky at the Bronx High School of Science . Like most AI researchers , he was optimistic about their power , predicting that " perceptron may eventually be able to learn , make decisions , and translate languages . " An active research program into the paradigm was carried out throughout the 60s but came to a sudden halt with the publication of Minsky and Papert 's 1969 book Perceptrons . It suggested that there were severe limitations to what perceptrons could do and that Frank Rosenblatt 's predictions had been grossly exaggerated . The effect of the book was devastating : virtually no research at all was done in connectionism for 10 years . Eventually , a new generation of researchers would revive the field and thereafter it would become a vital and useful part of artificial intelligence . Rosenblatt would not live to see this , as he died in a boating accident shortly after the book was published . 
 
 = = = The neats : logic and symbolic reasoning = = = 
 
 Logic was introduced into AI research as early as 1958 , by John McCarthy in his Advice Taker proposal . In 1963 , J. Alan Robinson had discovered a simple method to implement deduction on computers , the resolution and unification algorithm . However , straightforward implementations , like those attempted by McCarthy and his students in the late 60s , were especially intractable : the programs required astronomical numbers of steps to prove simple theorems . A more fruitful approach to logic was developed in the 1970s by Robert Kowalski at the University of Edinburgh , and soon this led to the collaboration with French researchers Alain Colmerauer and Philippe Roussel who created the successful logic programming language Prolog . Prolog uses a subset of logic ( Horn clauses , closely related to " rules " and " production rules " ) that permit tractable computation . Rules would continue to be influential , providing a foundation for Edward Feigenbaum 's expert systems and the continuing work by Allen Newell and Herbert A. Simon that would lead to Soar and their unified theories of cognition . 
 Critics of the logical approach noted , as Dreyfus had , that human beings rarely used logic when they solved problems . Experiments by psychologists like Peter Wason , Eleanor Rosch , Amos Tversky , Daniel Kahneman and others provided proof . McCarthy responded that what people do is irrelevant . He argued that what is really needed are machines that can solve problems — not machines that think as people do . 
 
 = = = The scruffies : frames and scripts = = = 
 
 Among the critics of McCarthy 's approach were his colleagues across the country at MIT . Marvin Minsky , Seymour Papert and Roger Schank were trying to solve problems like " story understanding " and " object recognition " that required a machine to think like a person . In order to use ordinary concepts like " chair " or " restaurant " they had to make all the same illogical assumptions that people normally made . Unfortunately , imprecise concepts like these are hard to represent in logic . Gerald Sussman observed that " using precise language to describe essentially imprecise concepts doesn 't make them any more precise . " Schank described their " anti @-@ logic " approaches as " scruffy " , as opposed to the " neat " paradigms used by McCarthy , Kowalski , Feigenbaum , Newell and Simon . 
 In 1975 , in a seminal paper , Minsky noted that many of his fellow " scruffy " researchers were using the same kind of tool : a framework that captures all our common sense assumptions about something . For example , if we use the concept of a bird , there is a constellation of facts that immediately come to mind : we might assume that it flies , eats worms and so on . We know these facts are not always true and that deductions using these facts will not be " logical " , but these structured sets of assumptions are part of the context of everything we say and think . He called these structures " frames " . Schank used a version of frames he called " scripts " to successfully answer questions about short stories in English . Many years later object @-@ oriented programming would adopt the essential idea of " inheritance " from AI research on frames . 
 
 = = Boom 1980 – 1987 = = 
 
 In the 1980s a form of AI program called " expert systems " was adopted by corporations around the world and knowledge became the focus of mainstream AI research . In those same years , the Japanese government aggressively funded AI with its fifth generation computer project . Another encouraging event in the early 1980s was the revival of connectionism in the work of John Hopfield and David Rumelhart . Once again , AI had achieved success . 
 
 = = = The rise of expert systems = = = 
 
 An expert system is a program that answers questions or solves problems about a specific domain of knowledge , using logical rules that are derived from the knowledge of experts . The earliest examples were developed by Edward Feigenbaum and his students . Dendral , begun in 1965 , identified compounds from spectrometer readings . MYCIN , developed in 1972 , diagnosed infectious blood diseases . They demonstrated the feasibility of the approach . 
 Expert systems restricted themselves to a small domain of specific knowledge ( thus avoiding the commonsense knowledge problem ) and their simple design made it relatively easy for programs to be built and then modified once they were in place . All in all , the programs proved to be useful : something that AI had not been able to achieve up to this point . 
 In 1980 , an expert system called XCON was completed at CMU for the Digital Equipment Corporation . It was an enormous success : it was saving the company 40 million dollars annually by 1986 . Corporations around the world began to develop and deploy expert systems and by 1985 they were spending over a billion dollars on AI , most of it to in @-@ house AI departments . An industry grew up to support them , including hardware companies like Symbolics and Lisp Machines and software companies such as IntelliCorp and Aion . 
 
 = = = The knowledge revolution = = = 
 
 The power of expert systems came from the expert knowledge they contained . They were part of a new direction in AI research that had been gaining ground throughout the 70s . " AI researchers were beginning to suspect — reluctantly , for it violated the scientific canon of parsimony — that intelligence might very well be based on the ability to use large amounts of diverse knowledge in different ways , " writes Pamela McCorduck . " [ T ] he great lesson from the 1970s was that intelligent behavior depended very much on dealing with knowledge , sometimes quite detailed knowledge , of a domain where a given task lay " . Knowledge based systems and knowledge engineering became a major focus of AI research in the 1980s . 
 The 1980s also saw the birth of Cyc , the first attempt to attack the commonsense knowledge problem directly , by creating a massive database that would contain all the mundane facts that the average person knows . Douglas Lenat , who started and led the project , argued that there is no shortcut ― the only way for machines to know the meaning of human concepts is to teach them , one concept at a time , by hand . The project was not expected to be completed for many decades . 
 Chess playing programs HiTech and Deep Thought defeated chess masters in 1989 . Both were developed by Carnegie Mellon University ; Deep Thought development paved the way for the Deep Blue . 
 
 = = = The money returns : the fifth generation project = = = 
 
 In 1981 , the Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry set aside $ 850 million for the Fifth generation computer project . Their objectives were to write programs and build machines that could carry on conversations , translate languages , interpret pictures , and reason like human beings . Much to the chagrin of scruffies , they chose Prolog as the primary computer language for the project . 
 Other countries responded with new programs of their own . The UK began the ₤ 350 million Alvey project . A consortium of American companies formed the Microelectronics and Computer Technology Corporation ( or " MCC " ) to fund large scale projects in AI and information technology . DARPA responded as well , founding the Strategic Computing Initiative and tripling its investment in AI between 1984 and 1988 . 
 
 = = = The revival of connectionism = = = 
 
 In 1982 , physicist John Hopfield was able to prove that a form of neural network ( now called a " Hopfield net " ) could learn and process information in a completely new way . Around the same time , David Rumelhart popularized a new method for training neural networks called " backpropagation " ( discovered years earlier by Paul Werbos ) . These two discoveries revived the field of connectionism which had been largely abandoned since 1970 . 
 The new field was unified and inspired by the appearance of Parallel Distributed Processing in 1986 — a two volume collection of papers edited by Rumelhart and psychologist James McClelland . Neural networks would become commercially successful in the 1990s , when they began to be used as the engines driving programs like optical character recognition and speech recognition . 
 
 = = Bust : the second AI winter 1987 – 1993 = = 
 
 The business community 's fascination with AI rose and fell in the 80s in the classic pattern of an economic bubble . The collapse was in the perception of AI by government agencies and investors – the field continued to make advances despite the criticism . Rodney Brooks and Hans Moravec , researchers from the related field of robotics , argued for an entirely new approach to artificial intelligence . 
 
 = = = AI winter = = = 
 
 The term " AI winter " was coined by researchers who had survived the funding cuts of 1974 when they became concerned that enthusiasm for expert systems had spiraled out of control and that disappointment would certainly follow . Their fears were well founded : in the late 80s and early 90s , AI suffered a series of financial setbacks . 
 The first indication of a change in weather was the sudden collapse of the market for specialized AI hardware in 1987 . Desktop computers from Apple and IBM had been steadily gaining speed and power and in 1987 they became more powerful than the more expensive Lisp machines made by Symbolics and others . There was no longer a good reason to buy them . An entire industry worth half a billion dollars was demolished overnight . 
 Eventually the earliest successful expert systems , such as XCON , proved too expensive to maintain . They were difficult to update , they could not learn , they were " brittle " ( i.e. , they could make grotesque mistakes when given unusual inputs ) , and they fell prey to problems ( such as the qualification problem ) that had been identified years earlier . Expert systems proved useful , but only in a few special contexts . 
 In the late 80s , the Strategic Computing Initiative cut funding to AI " deeply and brutally . " New leadership at DARPA had decided that AI was not " the next wave " and directed funds towards projects that seemed more likely to produce immediate results . 
 By 1991 , the impressive list of goals penned in 1981 for Japan 's Fifth Generation Project had not been met . Indeed , some of them , like " carry on a casual conversation " had not been met by 2010 . As with other AI projects , expectations had run much higher than what was actually possible . 
 
 = = = The importance of having a body : Nouvelle AI and embodied reason = = = 
 
 In the late 80s , several researchers advocated a completely new approach to artificial intelligence , based on robotics . They believed that , to show real intelligence , a machine needs to have a body — it needs to perceive , move , survive and deal with the world . They argued that these sensorimotor skills are essential to higher level skills like commonsense reasoning and that abstract reasoning was actually the least interesting or important human skill ( see Moravec 's paradox ) . They advocated building intelligence " from the bottom up . " 
 The approach revived ideas from cybernetics and control theory that had been unpopular since the sixties . Another precursor was David Marr , who had come to MIT in the late 70s from a successful background in theoretical neuroscience to lead the group studying vision . He rejected all symbolic approaches ( both McCarthy 's logic and Minsky 's frames ) , arguing that AI needed to understand the physical machinery of vision from the bottom up before any symbolic processing took place . ( Marr 's work would be cut short by leukemia in 1980 . ) 
 In a 1990 paper , " Elephants Don 't Play Chess , " robotics researcher Rodney Brooks took direct aim at the physical symbol system hypothesis , arguing that symbols are not always necessary since " the world is its own best model . It is always exactly up to date . It always has every detail there is to be known . The trick is to sense it appropriately and often enough . " In the 80s and 90s , many cognitive scientists also rejected the symbol processing model of the mind and argued that the body was essential for reasoning , a theory called the embodied mind thesis . 
 
 = = AI 1993 – present = = 
 
 The field of AI , now more than a half a century old , finally achieved some of its oldest goals . It began to be used successfully throughout the technology industry , although somewhat behind the scenes . Some of the success was due to increasing computer power and some was achieved by focusing on specific isolated problems and pursuing them with the highest standards of scientific accountability . Still , the reputation of AI , in the business world at least , was less than pristine . Inside the field there was little agreement on the reasons for AI 's failure to fulfill the dream of human level intelligence that had captured the imagination of the world in the 1960s . Together , all these factors helped to fragment AI into competing subfields focused on particular problems or approaches , sometimes even under new names that disguised the tarnished pedigree of " artificial intelligence " . AI was both more cautious and more successful than it had ever been . 
 
 = = = Milestones and Moore 's Law = = = 
 
 On 11 May 1997 , Deep Blue became the first computer chess @-@ playing system to beat a reigning world chess champion , Garry Kasparov . The super computer was a specialized version of a framework produced by IBM , and was capable of processing twice as many moves per second as it had during the first match ( which Deep Blue had lost ) , reportedly 200 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 moves per second . The event was broadcast live over the internet and received over 74 million hits . 
 In 2005 , a Stanford robot won the DARPA Grand Challenge by driving autonomously for 131 miles along an unrehearsed desert trail . Two years later , a team from CMU won the DARPA Urban Challenge by autonomously navigating 55 miles in an Urban environment while adhering to traffic hazards and all traffic laws . In February 2011 , in a Jeopardy ! quiz show exhibition match , IBM 's question answering system , Watson , defeated the two greatest Jeopardy ! champions , Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings , by a significant margin . 
 These successes were not due to some revolutionary new paradigm , but mostly on the tedious application of engineering skill and on the tremendous power of computers today . In fact , Deep Blue 's computer was 10 million times faster than the Ferranti Mark 1 that Christopher Strachey taught to play chess in 1951 . This dramatic increase is measured by Moore 's law , which predicts that the speed and memory capacity of computers doubles every two years . The fundamental problem of " raw computer power " was slowly being overcome . 
 
 = = = Intelligent agents = = = 
 
 A new paradigm called " intelligent agents " became widely accepted during the 90s . Although earlier researchers had proposed modular " divide and conquer " approaches to AI , the intelligent agent did not reach its modern form until Judea Pearl , Allen Newell and others brought concepts from decision theory and economics into the study of AI . When the economist 's definition of a rational agent was married to computer science 's definition of an object or module , the intelligent agent paradigm was complete . 
 An intelligent agent is a system that perceives its environment and takes actions which maximize its chances of success . By this definition , simple programs that solve specific problems are " intelligent agents " , as are human beings and organizations of human beings , such as firms . The intelligent agent paradigm defines AI research as " the study of intelligent agents " . This is a generalization of some earlier definitions of AI : it goes beyond studying human intelligence ; it studies all kinds of intelligence . 
 The paradigm gave researchers license to study isolated problems and find solutions that were both verifiable and useful . It provided a common language to describe problems and share their solutions with each other , and with other fields that also used concepts of abstract agents , like economics and control theory . It was hoped that a complete agent architecture ( like Newell 's SOAR ) would one day allow researchers to build more versatile and intelligent systems out of interacting intelligent agents . 
 
 = = = " Victory of the neats " = = = 
 
 AI researchers began to develop and use sophisticated mathematical tools more than they ever had in the past . There was a widespread realization that many of the problems that AI needed to solve were already being worked on by researchers in fields like mathematics , economics or operations research . The shared mathematical language allowed both a higher level of collaboration with more established and successful fields and the achievement of results which were measurable and provable ; AI had become a more rigorous " scientific " discipline . Russell & Norvig ( 2003 ) describe this as nothing less than a " revolution " and " the victory of the neats " . 
 Judea Pearl 's highly influential 1988 book brought probability and decision theory into AI . Among the many new tools in use were Bayesian networks , hidden Markov models , information theory , stochastic modeling and classical optimization . Precise mathematical descriptions were also developed for " computational intelligence " paradigms like neural networks and evolutionary algorithms . 
 
 = = = AI behind the scenes = = = 
 
 Algorithms originally developed by AI researchers began to appear as parts of larger systems . AI had solved a lot of very difficult problems and their solutions proved to be useful throughout the technology industry , such as data mining , industrial robotics , logistics , speech recognition , banking software , medical diagnosis and Google 's search engine . 
 The field of AI receives little or no credit for these successes . Many of AI 's greatest innovations have been reduced to the status of just another item in the tool chest of computer science . Nick Bostrom explains " A lot of cutting edge AI has filtered into general applications , often without being called AI because once something becomes useful enough and common enough it 's not labeled AI anymore . " 
 Many researchers in AI in 1990s deliberately called their work by other names , such as informatics , knowledge @-@ based systems , cognitive systems or computational intelligence . In part , this may be because they considered their field to be fundamentally different from AI , but also the new names help to procure funding . In the commercial world at least , the failed promises of the AI Winter continue to haunt AI research , as the New York Times reported in 2005 : " Computer scientists and software engineers avoided the term artificial intelligence for fear of being viewed as wild @-@ eyed dreamers . " 
 
 = = = Where is HAL 9000 ? = = = 
 
 In 1968 , Arthur C. Clarke and Stanley Kubrick had imagined that by the year 2001 , a machine would exist with an intelligence that matched or exceeded the capability of human beings . The character they created , HAL 9000 , was based on a belief shared by many leading AI researchers that such a machine would exist by the year 2001 . 
 Marvin Minsky asks " So the question is why didn 't we get HAL in 2001 ? " Minsky believes that the answer is that the central problems , like commonsense reasoning , were being neglected , while most researchers pursued things like commercial applications of neural nets or genetic algorithms . John McCarthy , on the other hand , still blames the qualification problem . For Ray Kurzweil , the issue is computer power and , using Moore 's Law , he predicts that machines with human @-@ level intelligence will appear by 2029 . Jeff Hawkins argues that neural net research ignores the essential properties of the human cortex , preferring simple models that have been successful at solving simple problems . There are many other explanations and for each there is a corresponding research program underway . 
 
 
 = Cyclone Graham = 
 
 Cyclone Graham of the 2002 – 03 Australian region cyclone season was a weak tropical storm that affected Australia during late February and early March 2003 . Graham originated from an area of convection that emerged onto water after sitting over Australia on 23 February . The interaction with a monsoon trough formed an area of low pressure that developed into Tropical Cyclone Graham on 27 February . The storm moved slowly to the east @-@ southeast , and after turning to the south it peaked as a tropical storm and made landfall on Western Australia the next day . The cyclone weakened as it moved inland , and dissipated on 1 March . The storm dropped heavy rainfall and caused high winds , which produced flooding and downed trees . One fatality occurred , though no significant damages were reported . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 On 23 February 2003 , an area of convection that was situated over land for roughly a week emerged over open waters along the northern coast of Australia . The strengthening of a deep , persistent monsoon trough contributed to cyclogenesis , and a low pressure area formed . By 25 February , the low developed a banding feature in which the highest winds were located . Though the storm was located in an area of unfavorable wind shear , the Australian Bureau of Meteorology ( BoM ) began to issue gale warnings on the system at 0100 UTC the next day , while the low was located several hundred miles north @-@ northeast of Port Hedland . The disturbance was initially nearly stationary as it showed signs of organization due to relaxed shear , and at 0700 UTC on 27 February , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) designated the storm as Tropical Cyclone Graham , as it had attained 80 km / h ( 50 mph ) 10 @-@ minute maximum sustained winds . The first warning was issued on Graham later that day . 
 Initially exhibiting characteristics of a monsoonal low , a mid @-@ level ridge to the south of Graham caused strong westerly winds that moved the storm slowly east @-@ southeastward . However , a deep trough eroded the ridge , allowing the cyclone to move more towards the south . According to the JTWC , the storm had intensified late on 28 February , though at the same time the BoM noted the slight weakening of the storm . Graham reached its peak intensity that day while nearing the coast . 
 The storm made landfall at Western Australia 's Eighty Mile Beach at 1400 UTC on 28 February , and began to weaken . The storm had dissipated on 1 March ; the BoM issued their last advisory on the cyclone at 0400 UTC that day , while similarly , the JTWC issued their last advisory just two hours later . The storm 's remnants died out in the country 's desert . 
 
 = = Impact = = 
 
 In advance of the cyclone , the communities of Wallal , Sandfire , Punmu and Telfer were put on alert . A warning was issued for Bidyadanga , Pardoo and Cotton Creek . The storm 's landfall in Western Australia brought heavy rainfall and high winds . The storm dropped 163 mm ( 6 @.@ 4 in ) of rain at Telfer in one night , over half the town 's annual average ; total rainfall reached 175 mm ( 6 @.@ 9 in ) there . The heavy rain caused flooding and road closures , and swelled a river passing through Fitzroy Crossing , though the river only topped its banks slightly . Near that town , at Blue Bush Creek , while a group of people attempted to cross floodwaters , two men were swept away . Both men were rescued , though one died before emergency services arrived . In addition to the flooding , a number of trees were downed . No significant damages were reported . 
 Following the storm , the name Graham was retired from the Australian region basin . 
 
 
 = Languedoc @-@ Roussillon wine = 
 
 Languedoc @-@ Roussillon wine , including the vin de pays labeled Vin de Pays d 'Oc , is produced in southern France . While " Languedoc " can refer to a specific historic region of France and Northern Catalonia , usage since the 20th century ( especially in the context of wine ) has primarily referred to the northern part of the Languedoc @-@ Roussillon région of France , an area which spans the Mediterranean coastline from the French border with Spain to the region of Provence . The area has around 700 @,@ 000 acres ( 2 @,@ 800 km2 ) under vines and is the single biggest wine @-@ producing region in the world , being responsible for more than a third of France 's total wine production . In 2001 , the region produced more wine than the United States . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The history of Languedoc wines can be traced to the first vineyards planted along the coast near Narbonne by the early Greeks in the fifth century BC . Along with parts of Provence , these are the oldest planted vineyards in France . The region of Languedoc has belonged to France since the thirteenth century and the Roussillon was acquired from Spain in the mid @-@ seventeenth century . The two regions were joined as one administrative region in the late 1980s . 
 From the 4th century through the 18th and early 19th centuries , the Languedoc had a reputation for producing high quality wine . In Paris during the 14th century , wines from the St. Chinian area were prescribed in hospitals for their " healing powers " . During the advent of the Industrial Age in the late 19th century , production shifted towards mass @-@ produced le gros rouge — cheap red wine that could satisfy the growing work force . The use of highly prolific grape varieties produced high yields and thin wines , which were normally blended with red wine from Algeria to give them more body . 
 The phylloxera epidemic in the 19th century severely affected the Languedoc wine industry , killing off many of the higher quality Vitis vinifera that were susceptible to the louse . American rootstock that was naturally resistant to phylloxera did not take well to the limestone soil on the hillside . In place of these vines , acres of the lower quality Aramon , Alicante Bouschet and Carignan were planted . 
 During both World Wars the Languedoc was responsible for providing the daily wine rations given to French soldiers . In 1962 , Algeria gained its independence from France , bringing about an end to the blending of the stronger Algerian red wine to mask the thin le gros rouge . This event , coupled with French consumers moving away from cheap red wines in the 1970s , has contributed to several decades of surplus wine production in France , with Languedoc as the largest contributor to the European " wine lake " and recurring European Union subsidies aimed at reducing production . These developments prompted many Languedoc producers to start refocusing on higher quality , but has also led to many local and regional protests , including violent ones from the infamous Comité Régional d 'Action Viticole ( CRAV ) . 
 Despite the general reputation as a mass producer and a consensus that the region is in the midst of an economic crisis , parts of the Languedoc wine industry are experiencing commercial success due to outside investment and an increased focus on quality . Sales have been improved by many vineyards that concentrate on creating a good brand name rather than relying on the sometimes infamous regional designations . Some vineyards have adopted the youngest batch of AOC classifications developed in the late 1990s , while other vineyards eschew designated blends entirely and are instead shifting toward bottling single varietal wines , a practice increasingly demanded by consumers in the large New World wine market . 
 
 = = Climate and geography = = 
 
 The Languedoc @-@ Roussillon region shares many terrain and climate characteristics with the neighboring regions of Southern Rhone and Provence . The region stretches 150 miles ( 240 km ) from the Banyuls AOC at the Spanish border and Pyrenees in the west , along the coast of the Mediterranean Sea to the Rhone River and Provence in the east . The northern boundaries of the region sit on the Massif Central with the Cévennes mountain ranges and valleys dominating the area . Many vineyards are located along the Hérault River . 
 Vineyards in the Languedoc are generally planted along the coastal plains of the Mediterranean while those in the Roussillon are to be found in the narrow valleys around the Pyrenees . The peak growing season ( between May and August ) is very dry and the majority of annual rainfall occurs during the winter . In the Languedoc , the plains area is the most arid and hottest region of France . The region 's Mediterranean climate is very conducive to growing a large amount of a wide variety of grapes , with vintners in the area excelling in mass production . The average annual temperature is 57 ° F ( 14 ° C ) . The tramontane inland wind from the northwest often accentuates the dry climate ; drought is the most common threat to vine production , with French AOC and European Union regulation prohibiting the use of irrigation . In December 2006 , the French government responded to global warming concerns and relaxed some of the irrigation regulations . 
 In 1999 severe weather had damaging effects on the wine producing industry , including hailstorms in May that affected Roussillon and a rain surge in mid November that saw a year 's worth of rain fall in 36 hours in the areas of Corbières and Minervois in the western Languedoc . 
 The composition of soil in the Languedoc varies from the chalk , limestone and gravel based soils inland to more alluvial soils near the coast . Some of the more highly rated vineyards are laid on top of ancient riverbed stones similar to those of Châteauneuf @-@ du @-@ Pape . 
 
 = = Appellations = = 
 
 The five best known appellations in the Languedoc include Languedoc AOC ( formerly known as the Coteaux du Languedoc ) , Corbières AOC , Faugères , Minervois AOC , and Saint @-@ Chinian AOCs . The vast majority of Languedoc wines are produced by wine cooperatives which number more than 500 . However , the appellation system in the region is undergoing considerable changes with both new appellations being created and existing ones changing . One recent change is that the Coteaux du Languedoc has changed name to Languedoc and been extended to include also the Roussillon . 
 Within the larger Languedoc AOC appellations are several sub @-@ districts , or Cru 's , with distinct wine styles of their own . Some of these sub @-@ districts have pending AOC applications to become appellations in their own right and some have been granted sub @-@ appellations to the umbrella appellation Languedoc AOC . These include the Quatourze , La Clape , Montpeyroux , St. Saturnin , Picpoul de Pinet , Terrasses du Larzac , and Pic St.-Loup. 
 The boundary of the eastern Languedoc with the Southern Rhône Valley wine region was moved slightly in 2004 , with the result that Costières de Nîmes AOC is now a Rhône appellation rather than a Languedoc one . In that year , INAO moved the responsibility for oversight of this appellation 's wine to the regional committee of the Rhône valley . Local producers of Côtes du Rhône @-@ styled wines made from Syrah and Grenache lobbied for this change since the local winemaking traditions did not coincide with administrative borders , and presumably due to the greater prestige of Rhône wines in the marketplace . Such changes of borders between wine regions are very rare , so out of habit , Costières de Nîmes remains listed as a Languedoc wine in many publications . 
 
 = = Grapes = = 
 
 The Languedoc @-@ Roussillon area is home to numerous grape varieties , including many international varieties like Merlot , Cabernet Sauvignon , Sauvignon blanc , and Chardonnay . The traditional Rhône grapes of Mourvedre , Grenache , Syrah , and Viognier are also prominent . 
 Chardonnay is a major white grape , used in the Vin de Pays d 'Oc and the sparkling Crémant de Limoux . Others include Chenin blanc and Mauzac , which is also the principal grape in the sparkling Blanquette de Limoux . The sweet fortified wines of the Muscat de Frontignan and Muscat de St @-@ Jean Minervois regions are made with the Muscat Blanc à Petits Grains grapes . In the Muscat de Rivesaltes AOC , fortified wines are made from Muscat of Alexandria grapes . 
 Among the reds , Grenache , Syrah , Carignan , Cinsault , and Mourvedre are major grapes of the Corbières , Faugères , Fitou , and Minervois AOCs . Cinsault is also commonly used in rosé production along with Lladoner Pelut , Picpoul noir , Terret noir , and Grenache . Grenache is also the main grape used in the fortified wines of the Banyuls and Rivesaltes region . Some of the oldest vines in France are Carignan grapes . Winemakers often use carbonic maceration to soften the tannins . 
 Other varieties that can be found include Roussanne , Marsanne , Vermentino , Bourboulenc , Clairette blanche , Grenache blanc , Grenache gris , Picpoul , Maccabéo , and Rolle . 
 
 = = Wines and taxonomy = = 
 
 Wines from the Languedoc can carry an enormous number of names , ranging from broad regional designations like Vin de Pays d 'Oc to very specific geographical classifications with restrictions on grape variety , like Corbières and Minervois . Since the 1990s , the INAO has been creating smaller AOC classifications which take into account the intricate microclimates and soil variations in the Languedoc @-@ Roussillon . Younger appellations like the Cabardes and subregions like Minervois la Livinière , Corbières @-@ Boutenac and St @-@ Chinian @-@ Berlou are much smaller in scope . While these new appellations have been praised for consistently improving their product , others have criticized the additions for further complicating an already esoteric system of classification . 
 The majority of wine produced in the Languedoc are labeled vin ordinaire . There is also sizable production of Vins Doux Naturels . 
 
 = = = Vins de Pays = = = 
 
 The introduction of the vins de pays , a classification produced under less stringent regulations than those of an AOC , opened up the Languedoc wine industry to the labeling of varietal wines and the blending of international varieties such as Cabernet Sauvignon , Merlot , Syrah and Chardonnay . Examples include Vin de pays d 'Oc , Vin de pays d 'Aude , Vin de pays de l 'Hérault , and Vin de Pays du Gard . Winemakers such as Guy Anderson , Thierry Boudinaud and E. & J. Gallo Winery capitalized on this new horizon , producing wines like FAT bastard and Red Bicyclette . 
 
 = = = Vins Doux Naturels = = = 
 
 Vins Doux Naturels are " naturally sweet " wines that have been fortified with brandy to stop fermentation , leaving residual sugar to add sweetness to the wine . The majority of Languedoc sweet white wines are made with a variety of Muscat grapes . The red fortified wines of the Banyuls are made from Grenache grapes , normally have an alcohol level between 16 and 17 % and carry residual sugars in the 8 to 12 % range . 
 In Banyuls , winemakers use various methods to " bake " their wines to encourage deep raisin colors . Some winemakers utilize a solera system of transporting the wine among different size barrels of various ages that are left out in the sun to warm . Others will put the wine in large glass jars to expose it to direct sunlight . In addition to the dark color , the resulting wines often have a nutty , rancid taste called rancio . In the Banyuls Grand Cru AOC the wine is required to be aged in wood barrels for two and a half years . 
 
 = = = Crémant de Limoux = = = 
 
 The crémant produced in the Languedoc is made according to the Méthode Traditionnelle - formerly known as méthode champenoise , the same method used to produce the Champagne , including a second fermentation in the bottle to encapture the carbon dioxide produced by the yeast - in the small villages around the town of Limoux . The wines are normally composed of 70 % Mauzac and a 30 % combination of Chardonnay and Chenin blanc . AOC regulations require a year of aging on the lees . The Blanquette de Limoux , when labelled méthode ancestrale , is composed entirely of Mauzac , undergoes only one fermentation and is aged approximately three months less on the lees before the bottling , the actual date being determined by the moon 's cycle . 
 
 
 = Silver Bullet ( roller coaster ) = 
 
 Silver Bullet is a western @-@ themed steel inverted roller coaster designed by Bolliger & Mabillard located at Knott 's Berry Farm , an amusement park in Buena Park , California . The $ 16 million roller coaster was announced on December 1 , 2003 and opened on December 7 , 2004 . A first rider auction was also held where people would bid on seats to be the first riders . The track is approximately 3 @,@ 125 feet ( 952 m ) long and the lift hill is about 146 feet ( 45 m ) tall . The ride lasts two minutes and thirty seconds and features six inversions including a vertical loop , cobra roll , zero @-@ g roll , and two corkscrews . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 On May 28 , 2003 , a trademark for the name " Silver Bullet " was filed by Cedar Fair , the owners of the park . Construction for the new roller coaster began in September 2003 with the relocation of The Church of Reflections . As part of a $ 85 million investment in all Cedar Fair parks , Silver Bullet was announced to the public on December 1 , 2003 . The final piece of track was placed on September 30 , 2004 . On November 5 , 2004 , Knott 's Berry Farm launched a " First Rider Auction " in which people from anywhere in the world would bid against each other in order to be one of the first public riders on Silver Bullet on December 7 , 2004 . Although sixty seats were made available , only 13 of these received bids . Out of those bids , the highest bid was $ 200 ( US ) , and a total of $ 1643 was raised with all the money going to the Speech & Language Development Center of Buena Park . After construction and testing was completed , the roller coaster opened first to the media , then to the public on December 7 , 2004 though the initial scheduled opening was on Christmas Eve of 2004 . Silver Bullet was also one of four attractions that opened at Knott 's Berry Farm in the same year and carries a western theme . 
 
 = = Ride experience = = 
 
 Silver Bullet 's layout passes through three of the park 's themed areas : Ghost Town , Fiesta Village , and Indian Trails . 
 After the train departs from the station , it makes a 90 degree right turn before beginning to climb the 146 @-@ foot ( 45 m ) lift hill . Once at the top , the train goes through a pre @-@ drop before entering the 109 @-@ foot ( 33 m ) downward right drop . Once at the bottom , the train enters a 105 @-@ foot ( 32 m ) loop . After exiting the loop , the train makes a banked right turn leading into the cobra roll . Almost immediately after , the train goes through a zero @-@ gravity roll followed by a downward left helix . Then , the train enters the first of two corkscrews which are separated by a banked left turn . Next , the train enters an upward left helix ( the beginning of the helix is close to water ) before entering the brake run . The train then makes a right turn into a second , shorter , brake run which leads straight back to the station . One cycle lasts approximately two minutes and thirty seconds . 
 
 = = = Track = = = 
 
 The steel track of Silver Bullet is approximately 3 @,@ 125 feet ( 952 m ) long , and the height of the lift is approximately 146 feet ( 45 m ) high . Silver Bullet , along with all of Bolliger & Mabillard 's other roller coasters , was manufactured by Clermont Steel Fabricators located in Batavia , Ohio and erected by Coan Construction Company . The track is filled with sand to reduce the noise made by the trains . Silver Bullet was also the first Bolliger & Mabillard inverted roller coaster to use magnetic brakes in the brake run . The track and supports of the lift hill are red , with the remaining track being yellow with red rails and the remaining supports colored white . 
 
 = = = Trains = = = 
 
 Silver Bullet operates with two steel and fiberglass trains . Each train has eight cars that can seat four riders in a single row , for a total of 32 riders per train . The seats are coloured light blue , with orange over @-@ the @-@ shoulder restraints and tri @-@ color wheel coverings ( red , orange , and yellow ) . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Joel Taylor from Amusement Business praised the ride saying , " In all , it 's an exhilarating 2 1 / 2 minutes from start to finish . " He was also impressed with the ride 's smoothness and overall excitement , stating that the ride is , " smooth and comfortable while delivering twisting , stomach @-@ churning excitement . " 
 
 = = = Awards = = = 
 
 Since Silver Bullet 's debut in 2004 , it has consistently been ranked in the top 140 positions in Mitch Hawker 's Best Roller Steel Coaster Poll . It peaked at position 99 in 2010 . The roller coaster has never placed on the Golden Ticket Awards . 
 ^ No Steel Roller Coaster Poll was held in 2011 . 
 
 
 = Blackburn Firecrest = 
 
 The Blackburn B @-@ 48 Firecrest , given the SBAC designation YA.1 , was a single @-@ engine naval strike fighter built by Blackburn Aircraft for service with the British Fleet Air Arm during World War II . It was a development of the troubled Firebrand , designed to Air Ministry Specification S.28 / 43 , for an improved aircraft more suited to carrier operations . Three prototypes were ordered with the company designation of B @-@ 48 and the informal name of " Firecrest " , but only two of them actually flew . The development of the aircraft was prolonged by significant design changes and slow deliveries of components , but the determination by the Ministry of Supply in 1946 that the airframe did not meet the requirements for a strike fighter doomed the aircraft . Construction of two of the prototypes was continued to gain flight @-@ test data and the third was allocated to strength testing . The two flying aircraft were sold back to Blackburn in 1950 for disposal and the other aircraft survived until 1952 . 
 
 = = Design = = 
 
 The Firebrand required significant effort by Blackburn to produce a useful aircraft and the first discussions on a redesign of the aircraft with a laminar @-@ flow wing took place in September 1943 . The new wing was estimated to reduce the weight of the wing by 700 lb ( 318 kg ) and increase the aircraft speed by 13 mph ( 21 km / h ) . The extent of redesign increased and this led to a new fuselage and other improvements . In October 1943 , Blackburn 's design staff , led by G.E. Petty , started work on this development of the Firebrand which led to Specification S.28 / 43 being issued by the Air Ministry on 26 February 1944 covering the new aircraft . The specification was designed around a Bristol Centaurus 77 radial engine with contra @-@ rotating propellers that allowed the size of the rudder to be reduced . 
 The new design , given the company designation B @-@ 48 , was known unofficially by Blackburn as the " Firecrest " but was always known by its specification number by the Air Ministry and Navy . It was a low @-@ winged , single @-@ seat , all @-@ metal monoplane . Aft of the cockpit the fuselage was an oval @-@ shaped stressed @-@ skin semi @-@ monocoque , but forward it had a circular @-@ section , tubular @-@ steel frame . The cockpit of the Firecrest was moved forward and raised the pilot 's position so that he now looked over the wing leading edge , and down the nose . The canopy was adapted from the Hawker Tempest fighter . In the rear fuselage was a single 52 @-@ imperial @-@ gallon ( 240 l ; 62 US gal ) fuel tank with two 92 @-@ imperial @-@ gallon ( 420 l ; 110 US gal ) fuel tanks in the centre wing section . The aircraft had a redesigned , thinner , inverted gull wing of laminar flow aerofoil section . The wing consisted of a two @-@ spar centre section with just over 6 @.@ 5 degrees of anhedral and outer panels with 9 degrees of dihedral . It could be hydraulically folded in two places to allow more compact storage in the hangar decks of aircraft carriers . Four Fowler flaps were fitted to give good low @-@ speed handling for landing and the wing had retractable dive brakes on both surfaces . In the course of the redesign the structure was simplified which reduced weight by 1 @,@ 400 lb ( 635 kg ) and even after the fuel capacity was increased by 70 imperial gallons ( 320 l ; 84 US gal ) the gross weight was still 900 pounds ( 410 kg ) less than that of the Firebrand . 
 Work on two prototypes was authorised in November 1943 , but proposals for alternative engines delayed progress . In 1945 , it was decided that as well as adding another Centaurus @-@ engined prototype , there should be three prototypes with the Napier E.122 ( a development of the Sabre ) as Specification S.10 / 45 . The Ministry believed that this would enable Blackburn to develop their knowledge of aerodynamic and structural design and support the engine development at Napier . However , it was found that the S.10 / 45 aircraft could only be balanced if the E.122 powerplant was placed behind the pilot . The necessary redesign and 1 @,@ 000 @-@ pound ( 454 kg ) weight increase , coupled with the limited funds available to the Royal Navy , meant that it could no longer be justified and the S.10 / 45 was cancelled on 8 October . While in final design , the Centaurus 77 engine with contra @-@ rotating propellers was cancelled in January 1946 and a conventional 2 @,@ 825 @-@ horsepower ( 2 @,@ 107 kW ) Centaurus 57 was substituted . This engine was found to require flexible mounts and was modified into the Centaurus 59 . The vertical stabiliser and rudder had to be enlarged from 33 to 41 square feet ( 3 @.@ 1 to 3 @.@ 8 m2 ) to counteract the new engine 's torque . In September 1946 a strength analysis conducted by the Ministry of Supply revealed that the aircraft would require strengthening to serve as a strike fighter and that a costly redesign would be required to bring it up to requirements . This would have made it comparable in weight and performance to the Westland Wyvern which had already flown so no contract was placed for production aircraft . 
 Delayed by the late delivery of its propeller , the first prototype was rolled out at Brough in February 1947 and then taken by road to RAF Leconfield where it made its maiden flight on 1 April that year . All three prototypes were completed by the end of September and the third prototype had been modified to reduce the outer @-@ wing dihedral to 3 degrees . Both the second and third prototypes remained unflown when the Ministry of Supply ordered that flying be ceased and work on the aircraft be stopped . Later in the month , however , the third prototype was allocated to tests of powered aileron controls , as testing of the first prototype had shown that while adequate at cruise speed , the ailerons were heavy both at low and high speed . The second prototype was allocated to structural testing . 
 The third prototype made its maiden flight in early 1948 , but the pace of the flight testing was leisurely with only 7 hours and 40 minutes completed by 30 November , over half of which were connected with air show performances . Testing concluded in March 1949 when the officer in charge concluded that there was no further purpose to the tests . While the Firecrest was faster than the Firebrand , and gave its pilot a much better view from the cockpit , it was otherwise disappointing , with test pilot and naval aviator Captain Eric Brown claiming that the Firecrest was even less manoeuvrable than the sluggish Firebrand , while the powered ailerons gave lumpy controls , leading to instability in turbulent air . 
 
 = = Operational history = = 
 
 Operational experience had found Blackburn 's Firebrand strike fighter to be far from suited to carrier operations . In particular , the pilot sat near the wing 's trailing edge , looking over a very long and wide nose which gave a particularly poor view for landing . The Firecrest had also been rendered obsolete by the arrival of gas turbine engines , and while Blackburn did draw up proposals for turboprop @-@ powered derivatives of the Firecrest , ( as the B @-@ 62 ( Y.A.6 ) with the Armstrong Siddeley Python engine ) , these went unbuilt , with orders instead going to Westland for the Wyvern . The two flying prototypes remained in use until 1949 , being sold back to Blackburn in 1950 , and were later scrapped . 
 
 = = Aircraft = = 
 
 RT651 
 One of two prototypes ordered on 1 January 1944 to Specification S.28 / 43 . The airframe was sold by the Controller of Supplies ( Air ) to Blackburn on 17 April 1950 . 
 RT656 
 The second of two prototypes ordered on 1 January 1944 , it was used for structural testing before being disposed of in 1952 . 
 VF172 
 A third aircraft was ordered on 18 April 1945 and it was used for research into power @-@ boosted ailerons during February 1948 . The airframe was sold to Blackburn on 17 October 1949 . 
 Three further prototypes were ordered on 14 March 1945 against Specification S.10 / 45 and powered by Napier E.122 engine , but the order was cancelled and the aircraft were not built . 
 
 = = Operators = = 
 
 United Kingdom 
 Fleet Air Arm ( never entered service ) 
 
 = = Specifications = = 
 
 Data from Blackburn Aircraft since 1909 
 General characteristics 
 Crew : one pilot 
 Length : 39 ft 3 ½ in ( 11 @.@ 98 m ) 
 Wingspan : 44 ft 11 ½ in ( 13 @.@ 71 m ) 
 Height : 14 ft 6 in ( 4 @.@ 42 m ) 
 Wing area : 361 @.@ 5 ft ² ( 33 @.@ 60 m ² ) 
 Empty weight : 10 @,@ 513 lb ( 4 @,@ 779 kg ) 
 Loaded weight : 15 @,@ 280 lb ( 6 @,@ 645 kg ) 
 Powerplant : 1 × Bristol Centaurus 59 18 @-@ cylinder radial engine , 2 @,@ 475 hp ( 1 @,@ 846 kW ) 
 Performance 
 Maximum speed : 380 mph ( 330 knots , 612 km / h ) at 19 @,@ 000 ft ( 5 @,@ 790 m ) 
 Cruise speed : 213 mph ( 185 knots , 343 km / h ) at 15 @,@ 000 ft ( 4 @,@ 600 m ) 
 Range : 900 mi ( 783 nmi , 1 @,@ 450 km ) 
 Service ceiling : 31 @,@ 600 ft ( 9 @,@ 630 m ) 
 Rate of climb : 2 @,@ 500 ft / min ( 12 @.@ 7 m / s ) 
 Armament 
 Guns : Provision for 2 × .50 in ( 12 @.@ 7 mm ) M2 Browning machine guns under or in wing ( not fitted to prototypes ) 
 Rockets : 8 × RP @-@ 3 rocket projectiles on underwing rails 
 Bombs : 1 × 2 @,@ 097 lb ( 951 kg ) torpedo , or 
 2 × 250 lb ( 110 kg ) bombs , one under each wing , in lieu of torpedo 
 
 
 = Magadheera = 
 
 Magadheera ( English : Great Warrior ) is a 2009 Indian Telugu @-@ language romantic @-@ action film , written by K. V. Vijayendra Prasad and directed by S. S. Rajamouli . Based on the theme of reincarnation , the film was produced by Allu Aravind of Geetha Arts . The film stars Ram Charan and Kajal Aggarwal , while Dev Gill and Srihari appear in prominent roles . The plot revolves around four people : a valiant warrior in charge of the princess ' safety ; the princess who loves him ; her cousin who lusts after her ; and an emperor who wants to conquer their kingdom . They all die before their wishes are fulfilled and are reborn after 400 years , at which point the warrior kills the scheming cousin with the support of the reformed emperor and wins over the princess . 
 Made on a budget of ₹ 350 million , the production was launched on 2 March 2008 while principal photography commenced on 19 March 2008 . The cinematography was done by K. K. Senthil Kumar , and was edited by Kotagiri Venkateshwara Rao . Production design was done by R. Ravinder , while the action sequences were choreographed by Peter Hein and the duo of Ram — Lakshman . The visual effects were designed by R. C. Kamalakannan , with assistance from Adel Adili and Pete Draper . It is the first Telugu film to list a " visual effects producer " in its credits . The soundtrack was composed by M. M. Keeravani , who collaborated with Kalyani Malik to score the background music . 
 Magadheera was released on 31 July 2009 across 1250 screens worldwide , to critical acclaim , and collected a distributor 's share of ₹ 731 million . The film grossed ₹ 1 @.@ 5 billion worldwide and remained the highest @-@ grossing Telugu film of all time for five years , until it was surpassed by Attarintiki Daredi in 2013 . Its 1000 @-@ day theatrical run surpassed Chandramukhi ( 2005 ) as the longest running South Indian film . It is also the first Telugu film to have a home media release in Blu @-@ ray . The film won the National Award for Best Choreography and Best Special Effects at the 57th National Film Awards as well as winning six Filmfare Awards , nine Nandi Awards and ten CineMAA Awards . The film 's success catapulted the lead actors into stardom . 
 The film was dubbed into Tamil as Maaveeran and Malayalam as Dheera : The Warrior , and was released simultaneously on 27 May 2011 in more than 100 and 50 screens respectively , with both versions being commercially successful . In 2014 , the film was further remade in Bengali as Yoddha : The Warrior by Raj Chakraborty with Dev and Mimi Chakraborty portraying the lead roles . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Harsha , a dirt @-@ bike racer , is taking an auto rickshaw to the airport in the rain . He spots the blurry outline of a woman trying to flag the auto down , and gestures to her that it is already occupied . As he does , their fingers accidentally touch , and Harsha feels an electric current passing through him , which triggers a few fleeting images . Later , feeling that this was the girl he was destined to be with , he enquires about her to a woman named Indira ( called " Indu " ) , without realising that she is the same girl . Indu , thinking that he is stalking her , misdirects him . She and her friends take advantage of Harsha , duping him out of his finances . Meanwhile , Indu 's distant cousin Raghuveer , lusts after her . He manipulates Indu and her father into trusting him . However , whenever he attempts to touch a sleeping Indu , he sees visions of a warrior slitting his throat . Raghuveer consults a tantrik , Ghora , who reveals to him that in a prior life , he was a prince who lusted after Indu , and was killed by her lover , a warrior . Raghuveer is determined to find the reincarnation of the warrior and kill him . Meanwhile , Harsha discovers how Indu and her friends have been defrauding him , and she falls in love with him . 
 Raghuveer discovers that Harsha is the reincarnation of the warrior . He murders Indu 's father and frames Harsha , causing Indu to hate Harsha . As Raghuveer and Indu leave in a helicopter , Harsha tries to catch them but fails ; falling into a lake , he faces a near @-@ death experience and learns about his past life in 1609 . In that year , Emperor Sher Khan is preparing to invade the kingdom of Udayghar when he hears of the brave warrior Kala Bhairava ( Harsha ) , commander of the Udayghad army . King Vikram Singh 's daughter , Mithravindha Devi ( Indu ) , loves Bhairava , but he holds himself back . Her cousin , Ranadev Billa ( Raghuveer ) , lusts after Mithra and plans a competition between himself and Bhairava ; the winner will marry her and the loser will be banished from Udayghad . Bhairava 's victory leads to Ranadev 's banishment . Vikram Singh , however , secretly requests that Bhairava not marry his daughter , because Bhairava has a high chance of dying in battle , and he does not wish to see Mithra widowed . Though shocked , Bhirava concedes to the king 's request and publicly declines to marry Mithra , leaving her distraught . 
 Bhairava then takes Mithra , his soldiers , and his caretakers to the Bhairavakona temple atop a cliff to seek blessings from God . Mithra demands Bhairava admit his love for her . When he does not respond , she upsets the sacred items they have brought for the puja and , using her own blood , paints an image on a nearby rock of Bhairava leaving his true love to do his duty . An injured soldier arrives to tell Bhairava that Ranadev and Sher Khan 's army have killed Vikram Singh and are now rushing toward them . They arrive shortly , and Sher Khan challenges Bhairava to battle his soldiers . Bhairava boldly accepts the challenge and kills a hundred soldiers , but is severely injured in the process . Sher Khan , impressed by Bhairava 'a bravery , has a change of heart . However , Ranadev continues attacking , eventually wounding Mithra fatally , but he is in turn killed by Bhairava . A dying Mithra asks Bhairava to confess his love , but before he can respond , she dies and falls off the cliff . Distraught , he follows her and falls to his own death . 
 After learning about his past life , Harsha is rescued from the lake by a fisherman named Solomon ( who is the reincarnation of Sher Khan ) and , with Soloman 's help , visits Udayghad . He gains access to Raghuveer 's palace and overhears Ghora telling Raghuveer that if Indu 's memories of the past are not revived within the day they can never be revived , and she will be with Raghuveer forever . Harsha kidnaps Indu and takes her to Bhairavakona and in the process , Ghora is accidentally killed by Raghuveer . Raghuveer arrives by helicopter and asks Indu to come with him ; however Indu sees Mithra 's painting , and her past @-@ life memories are revived ; she reunites with Harsha . Harsha fights Raghuveer , and with the help of Solomon , manages to kill him . 
 
 = = Cast = = 
 
 Ram Charan as Kala Bhairava and Harsha . Kala Bhairava is the commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the Udayghad army who dies in battle in 1609 . His reincarnation , Harsha , is a dirt @-@ bike racer in 2009 , who falls in love with Indu . When Harsha discovers his past life , he saves Indu from her cousin Raghuveer , who killed her father and framed Harsha as the murderer . 
 Kajal Aggarwal as Mithravinda Devi and Indu . Mithravinda Devi is the crown princess of Udayghad who is in love with Bhairava and also dies in 1609 . In 2009 , her reincarnation is Indira ( alias Indu ) , a carefree student . She falls in love with Harsha but believes him to be her father 's murderer because of Raghuveer 's deception . She reunites with Harsha in the end after remembering her past life . 
 Dev Gill as Ranadev Billa and Raghuveer . Ranadev Billa is Mithravinda 's cousin who lusts after her and is jealous of Bhairava . He , after killing Mithravinda , is killed by Bhairava . His reincarnation , Raghuveer , is Indu 's cousin who lusts after her . He is the first to remember his past life , and murders Indu 's father in both eras . He is finally killed by Harsha . 
 Srihari as Sher Khan and Solomon . Sher Khan is a Muslim emperor who invades Udayghad . He realises Bhairava 's potential just before his death but fails to save him . His reincarnation , Solomon , is a fisherman who is a native to Srikakulam . He helps Harsha to reunite with Indu , and plays a vital role in Raghuveer 's death . 
 Rao Ramesh as Ghora , a hunchbacked old tantrik who advises Raghuveer . He helps Raghuveer in remembering his past . His conversation with Raghuveer helps Harsha to remind Indu of her past . Ghora is accidentally killed by Raghuveer . 
 Sarath Babu as Vikram Singh , the king of Udayghad and father of Mithravinda . He respects Bhairava for his valour but believes that he will die in battle and consequently requests that Bhairava hold back his love for Mithra . Vikram is murdered by Ranadev when Sher Khan invades the kingdom . 
 Surya as Bhoopathi Varma , Indu 's father . Raghuveer manipulates him for access to Indu and kills him just before he accepts Harsha 's proposal to marry Indu . 
 Sunil as Harsha 's gullible friend . He accompanies him most of the time and constantly warns him about Indu exploiting him financially . 
 Sameer as Maan Singh , the commander @-@ in @-@ chief of Sher Khan 's army who informs Sher Khan about Bhairava 's strengths . 
 Cameo appearances 
 Chiranjeevi in a cameo appearance in the item song " Bangaru Kodipetta " . 
 Mumaith Khan as Reshma , the dirt bike race organiser . She also appears in " Bangaru Kodipetta " . 
 Kim Sharma as Hamsa , a dancer who appears in the item song " Jorsey " . 
 Brahmanandam as Indu 's neighbour . 
 Hema as Sasikala . 
 Saloni Aswani as Solomon 's girlfriend . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Development = = = 
 
 K. V. Vijayendra Prasad was watching a Marathi film where two warriors Sivaji and Tanaji are attacked by Mughal Army . Once the duo can reach Sinhagad fort , they can kill the army together effectively . While Sivaji escapes to the fort for support , Tanaji fights with the army and dies in the process leaving Sivaji in grief . Prasad took this as an inspiration and wrote a story on the theme of reincarnation of a bodyguard who serves a queen . He fights 100 warriors and dies in his attempt to re @-@ enthrone his queen after she is overthrown by her conspirators . He is reborn after 400 years and fulfils his ambition of placing her on the throne by making her a Chief Minister or a popular social worker like Medha Patkar . It was subsequently rejected and after fifteen years , his son director S. S. Rajamouli selected this script , but made several changes to it . Rajamouli re @-@ characterised the queen as a princess to create a vital love story for the film , as he felt that the relationship between a queen and a bodyguard would be only about loyalty and honesty . 
 Production for the film was officially launched on 2 March 2008 at FNCC in Hyderabad . B. V. S. N. Prasad co @-@ produced the film with Allu Aravind under his production banner , Geetha Arts . M. Rathnam was announced as the dialogue writer while Rajamouli 's usual associates K. K. Senthil Kumar , Kotagiri Venkateswara Rao and M. M. Keeravani worked on the film 's cinematography , editing and music respectively . 
 After many potential titles , Magadheera was considered and finalised in early February 2009 . Tamil and Malayalam dubbed versions were planned in mid February 2009 . The film 's Tamil dubbed version was titled as Maaveeran , named after the 1986 Tamil film . Geetha Arts collaborated with Udhayanidhi Stalin for the Tamil version and distributed it under his production banner , Red Giant Movies . K. Bhagyaraj wrote the dialogues for Maaveeran . The Malayalam version was titled Dheera — The Warrior and was distributed by Pallavi films . 
 
 = = = Casting = = = 
 
 After considering several actresses ( including Tamannaah ) for the princess role , Kajal Aggarwal was selected by Rajamouli as the female lead opposite Ram Charan after conducting a photoshoot in his office . Rajamouli said that he wanted to cast her as the female lead in Yamadonga ( 2007 ) after her Telugu debut Lakshmi Kalyanam ( 2007 ) , but she was unavailable . He added that he wanted somebody " good looking , who would look like a princess and who had dates available " and finalised her because she met all of these prerequisites . After conducting her photoshoot , Rajamouli explained the story and Mithra 's characterisation to her in 45 minutes . He said she needed to treat the hero arrogantly , but do so out of love for the hero . Kajal kept this in mind and acted accordingly while playing the dual roles of a princess from 400 years ago and a modern @-@ day college student . Kajal called both her roles " unique and challenging " . 
 Dev Gill was selected to portray the film 's antagonist . Rajamouli was criticised for selecting him considering Gill 's previous film , Krishnarjuna ( 2008 ) , but remained adamant about casting him . He said that he had to cast a good looking man as the film 's villain because the heroine needed to find him trustworthy . For this film , Gill had to practice horse riding in Ramoji Film City ; Ram Charan was already an experienced equestrian . Srihari was cast in his role in the film in early April 2008 . Kim Sharma was selected to perform one of the two item numbers in the film in early June 2008 . Saloni Aswani made a cameo appearance in the film and shot for three days . She was subsequently signed for Rajamouli 's next project , Maryada Ramanna ( 2010 ) , before Magadheera was even released . 
 Rao Ramesh was cast as a tantrik who helps Gill 's character in the present era . Mumaith Khan was selected for another item number , a remix version of the hit song " Bangaru Kodipetta " from Gharana Mogudu ( 1992 ) ; Gharana Mogudu 's music was also composed by M. M. Keeravani . Chiranjeevi made a special appearance after the song , making Magadheera the first film he appeared in after his entry into politics . When Rajamouli suggested the idea of a cameo appearance , Chiranjeevi was initially hesitant till the director narrated the complete sequence and the importance of the song . 
 
 = = = Costume designs = = = 
 
 Regarding his looks in the film , Ram Charan said , " Personality wise there isn ’ t really much difference to Kalabhairava but I have to tell you minor changes like the shape of my mustache , a slight voice modulation , the background scale , the atmosphere and even the ‘ Chandrabindu ’ worked wonders on screen and gave a totally different look and feel and I felt like it was an altogether different side of me . When I was told of the characterization of ‘ Kalabhairava ’ , I had an impression of a young , passionate soldier and naturally it had to have a great body and an authoritative voice . So , we also worked on it . We actually went to Rajasthan and observed the local culture and their way of dressing , we researched a lot about their costumes , history and great personalities 400 years ago and planned it accordingly . " Ram Charan sported a long hairdo for both of his characters in the film . 
 To design the armour used by Charan in his role as Kalabhairava , art director R. Ravinder wanted the precise measurements of Charan 's body ; they used plaster of Paris to make a mould of Charan 's body shape from which they created a statue . They designed costumes for the statue and had Charan try them on once they were satisfied with the designs . In an interview with Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com , the film 's stylist , Rama Rajamouli , said that it took one month to develop the right look for the olden period before she began working on the materials and costumes for the film . She added that all of the film 's costumes were designed by her and stitched in Hyderabad , and that Kajal 's costumes were heavily detailed as she needed to look rich , elegant and bright . Rajamouli had some disagreements with cinematographer K. K. Senthil Kumar over the colours of the costumes . Her decision of having Kajal wear a dress of baby pink and pista green during the war sequence at Bhairavakona was initially opposed by Rajamouli , but later agreed to after the director saw the final edit . She also used minimal jewellery for the princess 's outfits . 
 
 = = = Filming = = = 
 
 The film 's principal photography was expected to begin on 26 February 2008 , and then on 15 March 2008 , but finally began on 19 March 2008 in Rajasthan . Initial shooting occurred for 10 days in Rann of Kutch , Gujarat . Art director Ravinder went to Chennai and gave details of their requirements to a prominent chariot @-@ making specialist . After rejecting the maker 's first iron skeletons , Ravinder opted to design them himself , and prepared three models of chariots with different heights to be used , depending on the camera ’ s location and other technical requirements . He used fibre material for the iron skeleton 's exteriors . For a scene in which neither the hero nor the villain was present on the chariot , Ravinder measured a short person and designed a hidden chamber in which he could sit and secretly control the horses . While the chariot race sequence was shot in Dholavira , the sequence in which the chariot sinks in quicksand was shot at a set comprising three acres in Ramoji Film City . 
 K. K. Senthil Kumar scouted for locations in Gujarat , looking for dry , open lands to shoot the chariot race sequence . They found salt lands with white sands in Dholavira . To shoot the sequence there , they wanted a light weight vehicle to follow the horses ; they bought a Maruti van , removed the vehicle 's top and mounted the camera along with a jimmy jib atop it . A part of the song Dheera Dheera was also shot there , requiring filmmakers to plant a dry tree and a couple of oxen for use in the song 's backdrop . An item number featuring Kim Sharma and Ram Charan was shot in late June 2008 in a specially erected fisherman colony . It was set up on the first floor of Annapurna Studios and cost less than ₹ 3 million . Ravinder explained , " The set should look like an outdoor location , but need to be constructed in an indoor floor . I constructed exteriors of around 28 houses in that floor with detailed interior plan for the house of Srihari . I also constructed a small boat and a big wheeled fish with thermocol . When director wanted smoke @-@ effect for a shot I held the heavy smoke machine on my shoulders in a low angle for the required effect . " 
 After filming key parts of the film in Rajasthan , suburbs of Hyderabad , and at Badami in Karnataka , filming continued in Ramoji Film City in a specially erected set named Bhairavakona in late October 2008 . Two more schedules , one from 3 – 10 December and one in January , were also shot at the Bhairavakona set . The sequence of Charan killing 100 warriors , also at Bhairavakona , included a bridge . As the set did not permit for shooting with low angles , a separate half @-@ bridge was erected at Bhoot Bangla in Road No. 22 of Banjara Hills . The bridge , which had a height of 60 feet ( 18 m ) and a length of 100 feet ( 30 m ) , was constructed on top of a rocky hill using steel beams as the skeleton and wooden material as support . It was built in around 20 days by over 60 men amid heavy rains . 20 trucks of black soil were transported from Ramoji Film City for the bridge set , as that type of soil was only available in the former location . 
 After the completion of shooting at the arena set in Ramoji Film City , the arena set was demolished and a set for heroine 's house was constructed in its place . This was the last set constructed for this film . By late September 2008 , 70 % of the film 's shoot was complete . The remix version of " Bangaru Kodipetta " was shot by Ram Charan and Mumaith Khan under the supervision of Prem Rakshith at Chennai Port , although Visakhapatnam Port was first considered . Filming continued in and around Hyderabad very discreetly in November 2008 . Stunt sequences by Ram Charan and some stuntmen were shot in mid @-@ December 2008 at Hyderabad . By mid February 2009 , the film 's scripted part had been wrapped up , with only some songs left to shoot . The song " Nakosam Nuvvu " was shot in Switzerland while " Panchadara Bomma Bomma " was shot at Golkonda Fort in Hyderabad . Both songs were duets shot by Ram Charan and Kajal . K. K. Senthil Kumar said in an interview that Magadheera could not have been made in eight months because of its long pre @-@ production and post @-@ production phases . Over two lakhs worth of props , including swords , daggers , knives , bows and arrows , pouches , armour , footwear and other accessories , were used in the film . They were designed by 160 workers , including welders , molders , carpenters , painters , cobblers , artists , tailors and leather men , who worked for two months in the Geetha Arts Studio . Five people were appointed exclusively to look after these props . However , during the film 's shoot both Peter Hein and Ram Charan suffered major injuries . The former fell down from a height of 80 — 90 feet during the composition of a stunt and was advised a bed rest for four months . Charan faced severe leg fractures , while Rajamouli said that Peter " met with an accident on the sets , had two broken ribs , fractured hands and jaw and lost all his teeth . Within a month , he was back on the sets with his face and body covered in bandages and plaster . He could barely lift his hands to shoot . " 
 
 = = = Visual effects = = = 
 
 R. C. Kamalakannan was the VFX producer of this film . Magadheera was the first Telugu film in which the position of " Visual Effects Producer " was used in the credits . He was assisted by a team of five experts from abroad and a 62 dedicated group members apart from 130 people from the company EFX in Chennai and Hyderabad . Special effects and CG was used for about 1 hour and 40 minutes out of the total 2 hours and 35 minutes in the film . 15 % of the frames in the film 's scenes of Udayghad city were actually shot with a camera ; the rest were CG extension . For the scenes in the stadium , CG extension was slightly above 50 % . For the stadium , Italian concept artist Marco Rolandi began with a CAD drawing and made his first 3D concept in 5 days . It took five months for Marco to reach the design shown in the film and as imagined by Rajamouli . Simultaneously , Iranian 3D technical director Adel Adili , who worked with Kamalakannan for Anji ( 2004 ) , Yamadonga and Arundathi ( 2009 ) , was working on the 3D Udayghad city . He started with a city @-@ plan and added streets , buildings , mountains , temples , palaces , water bodies , a huge waterfall , rivers , gates , a moat and trees , all of which were planned and received Rajamouli 's approval before being executed to full scale . Adili redesigned Marco 's 3D stadium to suit Indian aesthetics and made it fit perfectly within the city . 
 Pete Draper , who worked with Kamalakanna in Ghajini ( 2008 ) , was selected as the pipeline technical director of the film . At that time , Kamalakannan was in Iran finalising the CG stadium and City with Adili . The majority of the film was shot in anamorphic format , but a Super 35 camera gate and lens were used for the stadium episode to minimise distortion . Post @-@ production of the stadium scenes were given to Prasad EFX , and the film set up their own render farm in Chennai . The post process was done in several stages after the scan . The live stadium had only 7 steps , in which live people were positioned in 6 steps while the remaining 12 steps were CG extension . Adili created 3D CG people to fill the CG steps and their actions in a library of 3000 frames . 
 Draper designed the birds in two flows : one flow kept flying around the stadium , while the other flow took off from a position dome and landed on a target dome . Rajamouli used those birds in several shots . Upon finishing the stages of the stadium composite , Kamalakannan flew to Iran again to work with Adel for the 3D city shots which were created entirely in CG . Adili designed 3D horses for the hero and villain and Draper designed the 3D people flocking behind the horses . About Adili 's work , Kamalakannan said , " When we started the city @-@ shot renders , it has taken several hours to render one frame . But Adili re @-@ corrected the geometry and applied several path breaking ideas , so even on 24 July , just a week before the film release , we were able to do corrections , render and submit . " ₹ 40 million ( US $ 590 @,@ 000 ) was spent solely on VFX for Magadheera . 
 
 = = = Piracy = = = 
 
 During the film 's shoot at Ramoji Film City in late November 2008 , a 500 square feet ( 46 m2 ) film can , containing two or three scenes , was discovered missing from Rainbow lab . The filmmakers filed a case at Hayathnagar police station . Security personnel and film unit members searched , but failed to recover the reels . Rajamouli 's unit said it was not important if the scenes from the can were aired online since they were not crucial scenes , were all on a blue matte and lacked finishing . Later , raw footage from the film was seen on the internet but no details about the culprits were found . After the photographs and small video clips were leaked on the Internet , some of the film unit members felt that the loss might have been a ploy on the part of the producers to create hype . 
 
 = = Themes and influences = = 
 
 The film is based on the concept of reincarnation and eternal love . According to Rediff , the rewritten script 's basic storyline is that " Love remains eternal and it will follow generations and generations . There is always a big victory for Love . " The film 's flashback sequences were used as a flip switch between the film 's olden and present day eras . Initially the film featured a scene in which the present day heroine accidentally receives a dupatta preserved in a museum that is used in the flashbacks as the dupatta Bhairava and Ranadheer race for . However , separate dupattas were used in the film as Rajamouli felt that getting the dupatta from the flashback would complicate the narrative . 
 In her book Bimal Roy 's Madhumati : Untold Stories from Behind the Scenes , writer Rinki Bhattacharya compared the reincarnation theme of Magadheera with that of Madhumati ( 1958 ) , Karz ( 1980 ) , Karan Arjun ( 1995 ) and Om Shanti Om ( 2007 ) . Touching the heroine unleashes locked memories within the hero that transport him to Rajasthan in 1609 from contemporary Hyderabad . Bhattacharya also compared Magadheera to another Telugu film , Mooga Manasulu ( 1964 ) . Rajamouli told Subhash K. Jha that he was inspired by Karan Arjun to make films based on reincarnation . 
 
 = = Music = = 
 
 M. M. Keeravani composed the film 's soundtrack . It features six songs including the remixed version of his own composition " Bangaru Kodipetta " from the film Gharana Mogudu . The soundtrack of the Tamil dubbed version , Maaveeran , had three additional tracks . The Telugu soundtrack was launched at Shilpakala Vedika in Hyderabad on 28 June 2009 . The Tamil version was launched on 25 April 2011 in Chennai . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 Geetha Arts released the film on 31 July 2009 , with 625 digital UFO prints in 1250 theatres across the globe , making Magadheera the biggest release for a Telugu film in history . Its release included more than 1000 screens in Andhra Pradesh alone . The film opened up with 25 prints overseas in almost 40 locations . Magadheera was the first Telugu film to be released on 21 screens in North America . Huge vinyl posters featuring Ram Charan and his father , cameo performer Chiranjeevi , were put up at all of the theatres in Krishna District . Posters also featured the head of Chiranjeevi 's political party , former MLA Vangaveeti Radhakrishna , which added political importance to the release . The Tamil dubbed version Maaveeran and Malayalam dubbed version Dheera — The Warrior were released in more than 100 screens and 50 screens respectively on 27 May 2011 . 
 
 = = = Distribution = = = 
 
 Raju Hirwani , the owner of Supreme Music , ventured into overseas distribution with Magadheera . He distributed the film in the USA via Blue Sky Cinemas Inc . The distribution rights of non @-@ US countries , including the UK , Ireland , Middle East , Australia , New Zealand and Singapore , were acquired by Krishna Productions . The theatrical rights of Australia and New Zealand were sold to Tollyfilmz . The film 's Singaporean rights were sold to Pragati films . Gulf and Kuwait theatrical rights were sold to K. A. Chowdary and Basheer respectively . Red Giant Movies distributed Maaveeran while Pallavi films distributed Dheera — The Warrior . The film 's Karnataka distributor , Vijayakumar , was disciplined for breaking the rules of the Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce by simultaneously releasing a non @-@ Kannada film in more than 21 screens in the state . The proceeds of 21 screens were given to him while the rest was confiscated by the Chamber of Commerce . The KFCC also suspended Vijaykumar , who was KFCC 's secretary for distribution , from its executive committee . 
 Joint collector Gaurav Uppal convened a meeting of film exhibitors and distributors , warning them against black @-@ marketing tickets to Magadheera . This was after local leaders , attempting to acquire a maximum number of tickets , blocked and booked tickets to the film in advance , to enthuse their supporters during the local civic polls in Guntur . Special teams of revenue , police and commercial tax officers were appointed to keep watch at ticket counters and ensure that each person was issued only one ticket . Priority was ordered to be given for the sanitation , safety and comfort of the viewers . Authorities in Vijayawada ensured the strict checking and prevention of black @-@ marketing of tickets . However , Ram Charan 's fans resorted to sloganeering and an impromptu protest demonstration in the office of Revenue Divisional Officer K. Hymavathi in Machilipatnam . They demanded the screening of a benefit show and the advance sale of tickets after being rejected by the management of the twin theatres , Siri Venkata and Siri Krishna , where the film was screened . Their plea was rejected by the officer , who said that the tickets would be issued only to those who came in queue and that no special concessions would be made for fans . 
 
 = = = Mishaps = = = 
 
 On 9 August 2009 , two persons , identified as NIT student M. Praveen Kumar and Ganesh , were killed and 15 others sustained severe injuries after being electrocuted while jostling for tickets for Magadheera at the theatre Bhavani in Kazipet , Warangal . The screening of Magadheera at theatres in Vizianagaram was prohibited by the then minister Botsa Satyanarayana until safety measures were complied with . Satyanarayana 's announcement followed the death of five people in Salur Village due to an electrical accident at the Lakshmi theatre screening Magadheera . 
 
 = = = Accusation of plagiarism = = = 
 
 Folk lyricist Vangapandu Prasada Rao alleged that his 40 @-@ year @-@ old folk song " Em Pillado Eldamostavaa " , which was featured in T. Krishna 's Ardharathri Swatanthram ( 1986 ) , was used by film director Rajamouli and Allu Aravind in the Magadheera song " Jorsey " without Rao 's consent . Activists of PDSU , POW and PYL staged a protest demonstration in front of the Ashok 70 MM theatre in Nizamabad , where the film was screened , to demand the removal of the song . The protesters said that the song was written by Rao during the famous Srikakulam armed struggle four decades prior and had been misused to portray an obscene duet in the film . They added that the song was used without the permission of the writer and that the depiction defeated the very purpose of the song , which was written in a revolutionary spirit . They demanded a public apology by the makers to Rao . A few reports stated that Rao demanded Aravind pay him compensation of ₹ 5 million . 
 After the completion of the film 's 175 day run , novelist S. P. Chary accused the film of being based on a novel that he had written and published as a serial under the title Chanderi in a monthly magazine in 1998 . He demanded that filmmakers compensate him for using his idea without consent , and threatened to take legal action if the producers did not heed his demands , or remade the film in another language . He added that he deserved to be credited for the story and alleged that Allu Arjun and Allu Sirish were trying to postpone his acknowledgment by discussing the issue with him . 
 
 = = = Home media = = = 
 
 Magadheera was the first Telugu film in India to have a home media release in Blu @-@ ray format . During the release announcement , Allu Sirish said that although they initially were reluctant to go for it , given the fact that there were approximately only 2500 Blu @-@ ray devices in Andhra Pradesh , the overwhelming demand for it made him rethink the decision . He added , " Sharing this vision with us was Sri Balaji Videos , the largest home @-@ video label in Andhra Pradesh . Together , we 're bringing out Magadheera on Blu @-@ ray . Though Bhavani Videos released Nagarjuna 's King ( 2008 ) on Blu @-@ ray , it was only for the overseas market . This makes Magadheera the first Blu @-@ ray film to be released in India and with a bonus disc with additional footage . We 're also a holding a press event on this regard to officially announce the launch of the movie on DVD and Blu @-@ ray . " 
 A press note announced that the DVDs would be available beginning the third week of March 2010 while the Blu @-@ ray would be available 2 weeks later . The launch ceremony took place in a Marriott Hotel on 27 February 2010 . The first DVD was released by M. M. Keeravani and was presented by journalist Pasupuleti Ramarao . The DVD was released in NTSC video format and Dolby Digital 5 @.@ 1 surround audio format on 5 March 2010 . The Blu @-@ ray disc released on 13 April 2010 . Magadheera held the top position in sales for its 720p Blu @-@ ray edition with 5 @.@ 1 Dolby digital sound format as of July 2014 . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Critical reception = = = 
 
 Suresh Krishnamoorthy of The Hindu summarised , " Magadheera is not for the weak @-@ hearted , those who do not like the sight of blood and neither is it for those who like movies with storylines that are much @-@ closer @-@ to @-@ everyday- reality . But Rajamouli excels in story @-@ telling . The way he has used the flashback as a flip switch , going back and forth and taking the viewer through a 400 @-@ year journey in a jiffy is interesting . The rest is about how well technology , creativity , imagination and innovation are leveraged to present what is an eye @-@ pleasing experience for viewers . " B. V. S. Prakash of The Times of India wrote , " Despite a few narrative lapses , the much @-@ hyped semi @-@ periodic epic lives up to expectations . Unlike his previous action @-@ centric films , director Rajamouli dishes a heart @-@ touching love story in a lavish canvas convincingly . Also kudos for the way he has visualised and presented the film . " He added , " After not @-@ so @-@ impressive Chirutha , Ram Charan Tej returns as a valiant soldier and breathes life into the larger @-@ than @-@ life role with ease . Similarly , Kajal known for simple lover girl roles transforms into a determined princess and truly impresses . Dev Gil is adequate as the ruthless villain " , and rated the film 3 out of 5 . 
 Oneindia Entertainment stated , " S. S. Rajamouli has chosen a fantastic love story for his movie Magadheera and linked it to a love story that dated back to some 400 years . He has filled complete energy in the film and no doubt , the graphic works and modern technology are perfectly used for the movie . As a whole , the film reminds the audiences of watching a Hollywood movie with perfect local flavor " , and called the film 's screenplay by Rajamouli a highlight . Upperstall.com stated " Magadheera is not an epic , not a legend , not even a cult movie , but it is certainly an artistic extravaganza and a sensory treat . Like we said before , a must watch ! A mast watch ! " . 
 Radhika Rajamani of Rediff.com called the film " technically brilliant " and wrote " A reincarnation story is not often seen in Telugu cinema and SS Rajamouli uses this theme for Ram Charan Teja 's second film Magadheera . It 's a magnum opus production with great technical work . The graphics are excellent for a Telugu movie . Overall , the movie is a mainstream one with good packaging . " She rated the film 3 out of 5 . Sify called the film a " brilliant entertainer " and wrote , " Set against the backdrop of an eerie theme — reincarnation — Magadheera unfolds on the screen with multiple shades of entertainment . When the movie was launched last year , director Rajamouli dared to reveal the central theme of the story . He has succeeded in his attempt , as he was able to keep the screenplay and narration gripping from start to finish . The second half has the soul in it . " Sify summarised , " In short , the movie encompasses some of the best commercial elements that Telugu audience have seen in the recent past . " 
 IndiaGlitz called the film " royal and spellbinding " and opined , " The film deserves a special credit for many reasons , notable among them is the grandeur of the movie and the amazing technical aspects . This is surely a path breaker in terms of Telugu film making and with the likes of ' Arundhati ' , Tollywood sure is proud to have this one in its league . It is a valiant attempt to bring such genre to the modern day audience and present it with finesse so that it fits the historical angle and the today 's angle . " However , Rajamouli was accused of lifting scenes from films like Gladiator ( 2000 ) , Troy ( 2004 ) , The Myth ( 2005 ) and 300 ( 2007 ) . 
 
 = = = Box office = = = 
 
 The film collected a share of approximately ₹ 200 million ( US $ 3 @.@ 0 million ) in its first week in Andhra Pradesh alone , of which a share of ₹ 71 million ( US $ 1 @.@ 1 million ) was collected in Nizam region . Sixteen centres collected ₹ 10 million ( US $ 150 @,@ 000 ) , each of which was an all @-@ time state record . It collected a share of ₹ 381 @.@ 5 million ( US $ 5 @.@ 7 million ) in 21 days in Andhra Pradesh . By the end of its four @-@ week run , the film was declared a blockbuster and collected a share of ₹ 435 @.@ 6 million ( US $ 6 @.@ 5 million ) in 28 days and ₹ 470 @.@ 8 million ( US $ 7 @.@ 0 million ) in 35 days . The film completed a 50 @-@ day run in 302 centres on 18 September 2009 . By then , the film had collected ₹ 650 million ( US $ 9 @.@ 7 million ) and stood strong . 
 The film completed its 100 @-@ day run in 223 centres and grossed over ₹ 1 @.@ 25 billion ( US $ 19 million ) without satellite and audio rights . By then it had surpassed Rajinikanth 's Sivaji ( 2007 ) , which grossed ₹ 650 million ( US $ 9 @.@ 7 million ) in Tamil Nadu , and stood second to Ghajini ( 2008 ) , which reached ₹ 2 billion ( US $ 30 million ) . The film completed a 175 @-@ day run in 3 centres and , by then , collected a share of ₹ 580 million ( US $ 8 @.@ 6 million ) . The film completed a 365 @-@ day run in Vijayalakshmi theatre in Kurnool on 31 July 2010 and a 1000 @-@ day run in the same theatre on 26 April 2012 . The film collected a share of ₹ 731 million ( US $ 11 million ) at the worldwide box office in its lifetime with a gross of ₹ 1 @.@ 5 billion ( US $ 22 million ) . It was declared the highest grosser in the history of Telugu cinema and stood in the first place in the list of Telugu films with highest worldwide shares . It held that position until 2013 when Attarintiki Daredi pushed it to the second spot . 
 More than 50 % of the film 's lifetime collections were from the Nizam region . The film also did well in the overseas box office . It was released in New Jersey with three prints on three screens and collected a record share of more than 150 @,@ 000 dollars , turning the highest amount raised overseas by a Telugu film ; the previous record holder was Trivikram Srinivas ' Jalsa ( 2008 ) , which collected more than 100 @,@ 000 dollars . It grossed 102 @,@ 000 dollars in its first two days in New Jersey and a share of 95 @,@ 000 dollars in Virginia with two prints as of mid August 2009 . It collected a share of 78 @,@ 000 dollars in the San Francisco Bay Area with a single print . It managed to sell 2300 tickets in Minneapolis ; the previous record for tickets sold there for a Telugu film was 1200 . The film 's overseas records were beaten two years later by Dookudu ( 2011 ) , although disputes have arisen over which film holds the Tollywood all @-@ time sales record . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Magadheera 's success turned Kajal into one of the most sought @-@ after actresses in Telugu cinema and catapulted her into the foray of leading Telugu actresses . The film was also considered a fate changer in the career of Ram Charan . The role of Sher Khan played by Srihari was considered as one of the best roles in his career and also catapulted S. S. Rajamouli to stardom . Dev Gill attained stardom with this film and went on to work in several South Indian films as an antagonist . After the release of Magadheera , people began recognising him as Ranadheer . According to writer Gopimohan , Magadheera started a trend of experimentation with period , socio @-@ fantasy and spiritual themes that was continued in films like Panchakshari ( 2010 ) , Nagavalli ( 2010 ) , Anaganaga O Dheerudu ( 2011 ) , Mangala ( 2011 ) , Sri Rama Rajyam ( 2011 ) and Uu Kodathara ? Ulikki Padathara ? ( 2012 ) . 
 The props used in this film , including weapons like swords and shields , were auctioned by Movie Artist Association . Actors , technicians , and the general public were invited to bid and the proceeds were used to aid poor artists in the Telugu film industry . Actor Sivaji Raja started the bidding by offering ₹ 50 @,@ 000 for the sword that Ram Charan used and comedian Venu Madhav started the bidding for the shield with ₹ 25 @,@ 000 . B. V. S. N. Prasad bid for both the sword and knife for ₹ 100 @,@ 000 . The bidding started on 7 May 2010 online in the association 's official website and ended on 16 May . The winners were declared on 20 May 2010 . After Magadheera , S. S. Rajamouli worked on a small budget film Maryada Ramanna ( 2010 ) which , according to Crazy Mohan , was similar to the act of S. S. Vasan directing the small budget film Mr. Sampat ( 1952 ) after Chandralekha ( 1948 ) . Rajamouli explained his decision by saying , " I decided that my next project would be Maryada Ramanna during the Magadheera shooting itself because it is a 1 and half year project that demands lot of physical labor and mental strain . I didn 't want to commit another physically exhausting film immediately after Magadheera . Maryada Ramanna gave us time to recharge our batteries so that we could come up with another huge project . " He revealed Maryada Ramanna 's plot before its launch to minimise the expectations of his audience after Magadheera 's success . 
 Tammareddy Bharadwaja said " Ever since Arundhati and Magadheera did well at the box office , the rest of the industry started following their footsteps . Also , since there is an irrational craze to make high budget films right now , producers are turning towards mythological films . It is the only genre where you can boast of spending crores for creating the sets and the look of the film . But what they don 't realize is that if these films flop , the blow to the producer will be severe . " Films like Anaganaga O Dheerudu ( 2011 ) and Shakti ( 2011 ) were commercial failures and Badrinath ( 2012 ) was an average grosser ; all being fantasy films in which the protagonist is a warrior . The promos of Badrinath looked similar to Magadheera and the former 's director V. V. Vinayak along with its male lead Allu Arjun kept insisting that Badrinath is dissimilar to Magadheera . Producer Natti Kumar said " If a hero delivers a hit , producers run after him for five years and burn their fingers only after six or eight flops . It 's the same story with movies . Since Magadheera became a hit , every other hero and director wants to do period film where there is scope to spend crores . They don 't work on the script , story or relevance . It is a pure display of graphics , heroes ' abs and grandeur . The plot is lost . Magadheera worked because it was a novel genre then , but why will people want to see the same things again ? " . 
 Janani Iyer cited the character of Mithravinda played by Kajal in the film as one of her dream roles . Ram Gopal Varma refused to call Magadheera a film and instead termed it as an event that comes " once in a blue moon " . While commenting on Mahesh Babu 's Aagadu ( 2014 ) , he said that Magadheera looked like a 750 crore film when compared to Aagadu if the latter was a 75 crore film and added , " My comparison between " Aagadu " and " Magadheera " is mainly because they both are the most expensive films for their own individual times . " Reviewing the Tamil film Anegan ( 2014 ) , few critics opined that the film had traces of Magadheera mainly due to the theme of reincarnation . The Tamil dubbed version of the Telugu film Yevadu ( 2014 ) , which featured Charan in one of the lead roles and Kajal in a crucial cameo , was titled Magadheera . 
 
 = = Awards and nominations = = 
 
 The film won the National Award for Best Choreography and Best Special Effects at the 57th National Film Awards . The film also won six Filmfare Awards , nine Nandi Awards , and ten CineMAA Awards . 
 
 = = Remakes = = 
 
 Ram Charan decided not to debut in Bollywood with Magadheera 's Hindi remake , as he believed the film might not be recreated well . In an interview with The Times of India , Charan said , " When I met Anil Kapoor some time back , he told me I will ask Boney Kapoor to remake Magadheera with you in Hindi . But I said I don 't know if I would want to do the remake . Magadheera is a lovely film which can 't be recreated . " The film was remade in Bengali as Yoddha : The Warrior in 2014 ; it was directed by Raj Chakraborty with Dev and Mimi Chakraborty playing the lead roles . The 2014 Kannada film Brahma , according to its director R. Chandru , was inspired by Magadheera but was not a remake . In August 2014 , Shahid Kapoor expressed his desire to reprise Ram Charan 's role in a Hindi remake saying , " I have been wanting to do Magadheera for the longest . I have seen the film and loved it ..... I think it ’ s a killer subject . " In late November 2014 , Sajid Nadiadwala confirmed that he would direct the film 's Hindi remake with Kapoor as the lead . When asked by Subhash K. Jha the reason for not directing the Hindi remake , Rajamouli said " I 've already spent two years of my life on it . I ’ d rather make something else . Magadheera was my toughest film to make . Very tiring . " 
 
 
 = Hurricane Flossy ( 1956 ) = 
 
 Hurricane Flossy originated from a tropical disturbance in the eastern Pacific Ocean and moved across Central America into the Gulf of Mexico as a tropical depression on September 21 , 1956 , which became a tropical storm on September 22 and a hurricane on September 23 . The hurricane peaked with maximum sustained winds of 90 mph ( 150 km / h ) before it struck the central Gulf coast of the United States as a Category 1 hurricane on September 24 , and evolved into an extratropical cyclone on September 25 . It was the first hurricane to affect oil refining in the Gulf of Mexico . The tropical cyclone led to flooding in New Orleans , and broke a drought across the eastern United States . The death toll was 15 , and total damages reached $ 24 @.@ 8 million ( 1956 USD ) . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 A tropical disturbance moved northward , crossing Guatemala from the eastern Pacific ocean into the northwest Caribbean Sea between September 20 and September 21 . It became a tropical cyclone soon after emerging into the Caribbean , and moved across the Yucatán Peninsula as a tropical depression before becoming a tropical storm in the Gulf of Mexico on September 22 and a hurricane on September 23 . It turned sharply east @-@ northeast across the Mouth of the Mississippi river on September 24 as a minor hurricane . The storm continued east @-@ northeast and made landfall in Florida east of Pensacola . The system evolved into an extratropical cyclone soon after passing out of the Sunshine State and continued moving east to northeast hugging the Atlantic Seaboard to near the Virginia Capes before moving slowly through the shipping lanes between Canada and Bermuda , blocked by a high pressure system in southeast Canada . 
 
 = = Preparations = = 
 
 By the morning of September 22 , hurricane watches were posted for the upper Texas and Louisiana coasts . By the morning of September 24 , hurricane warnings were in effect from Grand Isle , Louisiana to Fort Walton Beach , Florida while storm warnings were in effect from Morgan City , Louisiana to St. Marks , Florida . The approach of the hurricane led to the evacuation of 15 aircraft from Florida to Ardmore Air Force Base , in Oklahoma . 
 
 = = Impact = = 
 
 
 = = = Gulf of Mexico = = = 
 
 This was the first hurricane to cause significant disruption to oil refining in the Gulf of Mexico . Several hundred active wells went out of service , and drilling came to a halt for a few days during and after the cyclone 's passage . One of Humble company 's tenders saw three @-@ quarters of its mooring chains compromised , which swung it around into an adjacent oil platform , causing $ 200 @,@ 000 in damage ( 1956 USD ) . The cost to downtime in production was greater than the damage Flossy created to the oil rigs . There was no loss of life . Due to the impact of Flossy on oil refining in the Gulf of Mexico , the American Petroleum Institute formed a committee called Fundamental Research on Weather Forecasting . Their goal was to use mathematical models and historic data to better predict hurricane formation and path . Studies went on into 1962 , but no reliable forecast mechanism was found . 
 
 = = = United States = = = 
 
 In Louisiana , wind @-@ blown sand from the beach spread over area highways due to the hurricane . A total of 16 @.@ 70 inches ( 424 mm ) of rainfall fell at Golden Meadow , Louisiana . Burrwood , Louisiana 's pressure fell to 29 @.@ 03 inHg ( 983 @.@ 1 hPa or mb ) . Hundreds lost their homes in the storm . The storm surge was significant enough to submerge Grand Isle , Louisiana . At Ostrica Lock , the storm tide reached 13 feet ( 4 @.@ 0 m ) . Extensive coastal erosion was caused by the cyclone across the Mississippi Delta . In New Orleans , Louisiana , about 2 @.@ 5 square miles ( 6 @.@ 5 km2 ) were flooded as portions of the seawall were overtopped . Cattle drowned across the region , and crops such as citrus , sugar cane , and pecan were heavily damaged . 
 Winds as high as 66 mph ( 106 km / h ) struck coastal Mississippi . A total of 16 @.@ 30 inches ( 414 mm ) of rain fell at Gulf Shores . In Montgomery , Alabama , the tent used to house the Eastern Hills Baptist Church was destroyed . Across northern Florida , southern Alabama , and Georgia , Flossy was considered drought @-@ breaking . In southwest Georgia , high winds from Flossy damaged the corn and cotton crops . The lowest pressure reported was 28 @.@ 93 inches / 979 @.@ 8 hPa or mb at Pensacola Naval Air Station . The storm tide at Laguna Beach , Florida , reached 7 @.@ 4 feet ( 2 @.@ 3 m ) above mean sea level . As tides damaged some piers and small craft , and resulted in severe beach erosion . At least three tornadoes touched down throughout northern Florida in association with Flossy . One damaged or destroyed numerous structures in Gulf County ; two others in Jefferson and Suwannee counties caused little or no damage . 
 Further northeast , rains brought by Flossy helped relieve drought conditions across the Carolinas , and were considered beneficial . Winds as high as 45 miles per hour ( 72 km / h ) were recorded in Washington , D.C .. The gas screw vessel Mary Anne was lost at the Hampton Roads Naval Base . High tides caused by the then @-@ extratropical cyclone led to water 2 @.@ 5 feet ( 0 @.@ 76 m ) deep in sections of Norfolk . The Back River Light collapsed during the storm , 127 years after it was built . Severe flooding occurred along the state 's coastline , including interior bays . This occurred despite efforts to curb the storm surge with 500 tons ( 454 tonnes ) of broken rock . 
 Total damages to Louisiana , Florida , Alabama , the Carolinas , and Virginia was $ 24 @.@ 8 million ( 1956 USD ) . 
 
 
 = Battle of Binh Gia = 
 
 The Battle of Binh Gia ( Vietnamese : Trận Bình Giã ) , which was part of a larger communist campaign , was conducted by the Viet Cong from December 28 , 1964 , to January 1 , 1965 , during the Vietnam War in Bình Giã . The battle took place in Phước Tuy Province ( now part of Bà Rịa – Vũng Tàu Province ) , South Vietnam . 
 The year of 1964 marked a decisive turning point in the Vietnam War . Following the ousting of President Ngô Đình Diệm in 1963 , South Vietnam 's top army generals continued to vie with each other for control of the country ’ s military @-@ dominated government instead of combating the emerging forces of the National Liberation Front , also known as the Viet Cong . The fragility of the South Vietnamese government was reflected on the battlefield , where its military experienced great setbacks against the Viet Cong . Taking advantage of Saigon 's political instability , Communist leaders in Hanoi began preparing for war . Even though key members of North Vietnam 's Politburo disagreed on the best strategy to reunite their country , they ultimately went ahead to prepare for armed struggle against South Vietnam and their American supporters . 
 Towards the end of 1964 , the National Liberation Front commenced a series of large @-@ scale military operations against the Army of the Republic of Vietnam , as ordered by the North Vietnamese government . As part of their Winter @-@ Spring Offensive , the Viet Cong unleashed its newly created 9th Division against the South Vietnamese forces at Bình Giã , fighting a large set @-@ piece battle for the first time . Over a period of four days , the Viet Cong 9th Division held its ground and mauled the best units the South Vietnamese army could send against them , only breaking after intense attack by U.S. bombers . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 In 1964 , the political establishment in South Vietnam was still in turmoil . Following the coup that ousted Ngô Đình Diệm , the military situation quickly worsened as the National Liberation Front ( NLF , also known as Viet Cong ) gained significant ground in the countryside because the Military Revolutionary Council which governed South Vietnam , lacked direction both in terms of policy and planning . Furthermore , General Dương Văn Minh , as the Chairman of the Military Revolutionary Council , and his civilian Prime Minister Nguyễn Ngọc Thơ favoured a political resolution instead of using military force , which brought them into conflict with the United States over the best strategy to end the Communist threat in South Vietnam . As a result , both men became increasingly unpopular among the military generals who held real political power in Saigon . On January 30 , 1964 , General Nguyễn Khánh successfully ousted Dương Văn Minh from the Military Revolutionary Council without firing a single shot . For much of the year , Khánh spent most of his efforts on consolidating political power , instead of fighting the Viet Cong . 
 In contrast to the political unrest in Saigon , the Communist leadership in North Vietnam were far more concerned about the best strategy to fight the South Vietnamese government and their American supporters . While all leaders in Hanoi shared the same goal of eventual reunification of their homeland , different factions within the Communist Party disagreed on the best method to achieve their desired goal . Members of North Vietnam 's Politburo were divided by the issues surrounding the Soviet strategy of peaceful co @-@ existence versus the Chinese strategy of supporting national liberation movements in emerging countries . Despite their differences of opinion , the Communist Party leadership ultimately made preparations for armed struggle in South Vietnam . From Hanoi 's perspective , the military regime in Saigon was able to hold out because the Communist main forces were still not ready to fight a conventional war , so North Vietnam must focus on the development of its military force in the shortest period of time . In the meantime , however , the war must be kept at its current level in order to prevent the full involvement of the United States military . 
 On October 11 , 1964 , the National Liberation Front in South Vietnam was ordered to carry out a series of military operations as part of the Communist winter @-@ spring offensive . The NLF Nam Bo ( Mekong Delta ) Regional Command established a sub @-@ command under the leadership of Trần Đình Xu , with Nguyễn Hòa as the deputy commander , and Lê Trọng Tấn as the political commissar . Their mission was to inflict damage on the regular units of the Army of the Republic of Vietnam ( ARVN ) and destroy the strategic hamlets constructed by the former Ngô Đình Diệm regime . The National Liberation Front in South Vietnam identified the regions of Bình Long @-@ Phước Long and Bà Rịa @-@ Long Khánh , along Route 14 , as the main targets for their offensive . Meanwhile , the Central Military Commission in Hanoi appointed General Nguyen Chi Thanh as the commander of North Vietnamese military operations in southern Vietnam . Other high @-@ ranking officers such as Major Generals Lê Trọng Tấn and Trần Độ , and Colonel Hoàng Cầm were sent to South Vietnam to supervise the military build @-@ up which would commence in November 1964 . 
 
 = = Prelude = = 
 
 In July 1964 , the 271st and 272nd Regiments of the People 's Liberation Armed Forces ( PLAF ) , began moving into the provinces of Bình Dương , Bình Long and Phước Long to carry out their mission . During the first phase of their campaign , the Viet Cong regiments overran several strategic hamlets at Xan Sang , Cam Xe , Dong Xa , and Thai Khai . Between August and September 1964 , Viet Cong regiments executed deep thrusts into Bình Dương and Châu Thành to apply additional pressure on South Vietnamese outposts situated on Route 14 . During the second phase of their campaign , the Viet Cong ambushed two South Vietnamese infantry companies and destroyed five armoured vehicles , which consisted of M24 Chaffee light tanks and M @-@ 113 APCs . The PLAF defeated regular South Vietnamese units at the strategic hamlets of Bình Mỹ and Bình Co . 
 Following the completion of the initial stages in their campaign , the Viet Cong forces were ordered to regroup and prepare for the next offensive in the Long Khánh region . Viet Cong soldiers from the two regiments were assembled in War Zone D , where they were trained to attack well @-@ fortified enemy strongholds . On November 20 , 1964 , the Viet Cong reached the Long Khánh battlefield , having completed a 200 kilometres march from War Zone D. On the battlefield the Viet Cong 186th Battalion ( from Military Region 5 ) , the 500th and 800th Battalions ( from Military Region 7 ) , and the 445th Company also joined the offensive . To kick @-@ start their offensive in the Baria @-@ Long Khánh region , the Viet Cong selected Bình Giã as their next target . Bình Giã was a small village located in Phước Tuy Province , about 67 kilometres away from South Vietnam 's capital of Saigon . 
 During the war about 6 @,@ 000 people lived in Bình Giã , and most of whom were staunchly anti @-@ communist . The inhabitants of Bình Giã were Roman Catholic refugees who had fled from North Vietnam in 1954 during Operation Passage to Freedom because of fears of Communist persecution . To prepare for their main battle , the Viet Cong 272nd Regiment was ordered to block Inter @-@ provincial Road No. 2 and 15 , and destroy any South Vietnamese units attempting to reach Bình Giã from the south @-@ western flank of the battlefield . In the days leading up to the battle , the Viet Cong often came out to harass the local militia forces . On December 9 , 1964 , the 272nd Regiment destroyed an entire South Vietnamese mechanised rifle company along Inter @-@ provincial Road No. 2 , destroying 16 M @-@ 113 APCs . On December 17 , the 272nd Regiment destroyed another six armoured vehicles on Inter @-@ provincial Road No. 15 . 
 
 = = Battle = = 
 
 During the early hours of December 28 , 1964 , elements of the Viet Cong 271st Regiment and the 445th Company , signaled their main attack on Bình Giã by penetrating the village 's eastern perimeter . There , they clashed with members of the South Vietnamese Popular Force militiamen , which numbered about 65 personnel . The South Vietnamese militia fighters proved no match for the Viet Cong and their overwhelming firepower , so they quickly retreated into underground bunkers , and called for help . Once the village was captured , Colonel Ta Minh Kham , the Viet Cong regimental commander , established his command post in the main village church and waited for fresh reinforcements , which came in the form of heavy mortars , machine guns and recoil @-@ less rifles . To counter South Vietnamese helicopter assaults , Colonel Kham 's troops set up a network of defensive fortifications around the village , with trenches and bunkers protected by land mines and barbed wire . The local Catholic priest , who was also the village chief , sent a bicycle messenger out to the Bà Rịa district headquarters to ask for a relief force . In response , the Bà Rịa district chief sent out elements of two Vietnamese Rangers battalions to retake Bình Giã . On December 29 , two companies of the ARVN 33rd Ranger Battalion and a company from the 30th Ranger Battalion were airlifted into area located west of Bình Giã , by helicopters from the U.S. 118th Aviation Company to face an enemy force of unknown size . 
 However , as soon as the soldiers from the 30th and 33rd Ranger Battalions arrived at the landing zone , they were quickly overwhelmed by the Viet Cong in a deadly ambush . The entire 30th Ranger Battalion was then committed to join the attack , but they too did not initially succeed in penetrating the strong Viet Cong defensive lines . Several more companies of the Rangers then arrived for an attack from multiple directions . Two companies of the 33rd Ranger Battalion advanced from the northeast . One of them came to the outskirts of the village but was unable to break through the enemy defenses . The other one , trying to outflank the enemy , had been lured into a kill zone in open terrain at the coffee plantation and were quickly obliterated in an ambush by the three VC battalions using heavy weapons . The two companies suffered a 70 percent casualty rate , and survivors were forced to retreat to the nearby Catholic church . The 30th Rangers had more success by assaulting from the western direction and succeeded in fighting their way into the village , aided by local residents . It however also suffered heavy losses , with the battalion commander and his American adviser severely wounded . The local civilians in Bình Giã retrieved weapons and ammunition from the dead Rangers , and hid the wounded government soldiers from the Viet Cong . The 38th Ranger Battalion , on the other hand , landed on the battlefield unopposed by the Viet Cong , and they immediately advanced on Bình Giã from the south . Soldiers from the 38th Rangers spent the whole day fighting but they could not break through their enemies ' defences to link up with the survivors hiding in the church , and fell back after calling in mortar fire to decimate Viet Cong fighters moving to encircle them . 
 The morning of December 30 , the 4th South Vietnamese Marine Battalion moved out to Biên Hòa Air Base , waiting to be airlifted into the battlefield . The 1 / 4th Marine Battalion was the first unit to arrive on the outskirts of Bình Giã , but the 1st Company commander decided to secure the landing zone , to wait for the rest of the battalion to arrive instead of moving on to their objective . After the rest of the 4th Marine Battalion had arrived , they marched towards the Catholic church to relieve the besieged Rangers . About one and a half hours later , the 4th Marine Battalion linked up with the 30th , 33rd and 38th Ranger Battalions , as the Viet Cong began withdrawing to the northeast . That afternoon the 4th Marine Battalion recaptured the village , but the Viet Cong was nowhere to be seen , as all their units had withdrawn from the village during the previous night , linking with other Viet Cong elements in the forest to attack the government relief forces . On the evening of December 30 , the Viet Cong returned Bình Giã and attacked from the south @-@ eastern perimeter of the village . The local villagers , who discovered the approaching Viet Cong , immediately sounded the alarm to alert the ARVN soldiers defending the village . The South Vietnamese were able to repel the Viet Cong , with support from U.S. Army helicopter gunships flown out from Vung Tau airbase . 
 While pursuing the Viet Cong , a helicopter gunship from the U.S. 68th Assault Helicopter Company was shot down and crashed in the Quảng Giao rubber plantation , about four kilometres away from Bình Giã , killing four of its crewmen . On December 31 , the U.S. Marines Advisory Group sent a team of four personnel , led by Captain Donald G. Cook , to Bình Giã to observe conditions on the battlefield . At the same time , the 4th Marine Battalion was ordered to locate the crashed helicopter and recover the bodies of the dead American crewmen . Acting against the advice of his American advisor , Major Nguyễn Văn Nho , commander of the 4th Marine Battalion , sent his 2 / 4th Marine Battalion company out to the Quảng Giao rubber plantation . Unknown to the 4th Marine Battalion , the Viet Cong 271st Regiment had assembled in the plantation . About one hour after they had departed from the village of Bình Giã , the commander of the 2 / 4th Marine Battalion reported via radio that his troops had found the helicopter wreckage , and the bodies of four American crewmen . Shortly afterwards , the Viet Cong opened fire and the 2 / 4th Marine Battalion was forced to pull back . In an attempt to save the 2nd Company , the entire 4th Marine Battalion was sent out to confront the Viet Cong . As the lead element of the 4th Marine Battalion closed in on the Quảng Giao plantation , they were hit by accurate Viet Cong artillery fire , which was soon followed by repeated human wave attacks . Having absorbed heavy casualties from the Viet Cong 's ambush , the 2 / 4th Marine Battalion had to fight their way out of the plantation with their bayonets fixed . During the entire ordeal , the company did not receive artillery support because the plantation was beyond the range of 105mm artillery guns based in Phước Tuy and Bà Rịa . They however escaped with the crucial support of the U.S. aircraft and helicopters whose rocket attacks forced the enemy to pull back and halted their attempt at pursuit . 
 In the morning of December 31 , the 4th Marines Battalion returned to the crash site with the entire force and the American graves were located and their corpses were dug up . At about 3 pm , a single U.S. helicopter arrived on the battlefield to evacuate the casualties , but they only picked up the bodies of the four American crewmen , while South Vietnamese casualties were forced to wait for another helicopter to arrive . At 4 pm , Major Nguyễn Văn Nho ordered the 4th Marine Battalion to carry their casualties back to the village , instead of continuing to wait for the helicopters . As the 4th Marine Battalion began their return march , three Viet Cong battalions , with artillery support , suddenly attacked them from three directions . The battalion 's commanding and executive officers were immediately killed and air support was not available . Two ARVN Marine companies managed to fight their way out of the ambush and back to Bình Giã , but the third was overrun and almost completely wiped out . The fourth company desperately held out at a hilltop against Viet Cong artillery barrages and large infantry charges , before slipping out through the enemy positions at dawn . The 4th Marines Battalion of 426 men lost a total of 117 soldiers killed , 71 wounded and 13 missing . Among the casualties were 35 officers of the 4th Marine Battalion killed in action , and the four American advisers attached to the unit were also wounded . Backed by U.S. Air Force bombers , on January 1 three battalions of ARVN Airborne reinforcements arrived , they were too late as most of the Viet Cong had already withdrawn from the battlefield . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 The battle of Bình Giã reflected the Viet Cong 's growing military strength and influence , especially in the Mekong Delta region . It was the first time the National Liberation Front launched a large @-@ scale operation , holding its ground and fighting for four days against government troops equipped with armor , artillery and helicopters , and aided by U.S. air support and military advisers . The Viet Cong demonstrated that , when well @-@ supplied with military supplies from North Vietnam , they had the ability to fight and inflict damage even on the best ARVN units . For the first time in their history , the NLF was able to control a government stronghold for several days , and inflict heavy casualties on regular units of the South Vietnamese army in a large set @-@ piece battle . 
 The Viet Cong suffered light casualties with only 32 soldiers officially confirmed killed , and they did not leave a single casualty on the battlefield . In recognition of the 271st Regiment 's performance during the Bình Giã campaign , the NLF High Command bestowed the title ' Bình Giã Regiment ' on the unit to honour their achievement . Following the Bình Giã campaign , the NLF went on to occupy Hoài Đức District and the strategic hamlets of Đất Đỏ , Long Thành and Nhơn Trạch along Inter @-@ provincial Road No. 2 and 15 . They also expanded the Hát Dịch base area , which was located in Bà Rịa and Bình Thuận provinces , to protect the important sea transportation routes used by the Vietnam People 's Navy to supply Viet Cong units around the regions of the Mekong River . 
 Unlike their adversaries , the South Vietnamese military suffered heavily in their attempts to recapture the village of Bình Giã and secure the surrounding areas . The South Vietnamese and their American allies lost the total of about 201 personnel killed in action , 192 wounded and 68 missing . In just four days of fighting , two of South Vietnam 's elite Ranger companies were destroyed and several others suffered heavy losses , while the 4th Marine Battalion was rendered ineffective as a fighting force . At that stage of the war , Bình Giã was the worst defeat experienced by any South Vietnamese army . Despite the humiliating defeat inflicted on them , the South Vietnamese army stubbornly considered the battle as their victory and erected a monument at the site of the battle to acknowledge the sacrifices of the soldiers who had fallen to retake Bình Giã . 
 
 = = Order of battle ( ground forces ) = = 
 
 
 = = = Viet Cong = = = 
 
 271st Regiment ( renamed the 1st PLAF Regiment and became part of the 9th Division on 2 Sep 1965 ) 
 272nd Regiment ( renamed the 2nd PLAF Regiment and became part of the 9th Division on 2 Sep 1965 ) 
 186th Battalion 
 500th Battalion 
 514th Battalion 
 800th Battalion 
 445th Company 
 80th Artillery Detachment 
 
 = = = Army of the Republic of Vietnam = = = 
 
 1st Airborne Battalion 
 3rd Airborne Battalion 
 7th Airborne Battalion 
 4th Marine Battalion 
 29th Ranger Battalion 
 30th Ranger Battalion 
 33rd Ranger Battalion 
 35th Ranger Battalion 
 38th Ranger Battalion 
 Two artillery platoons and one section of M @-@ 24 tanks in support . 
 
 
 = June 1941 uprising in eastern Herzegovina = 
 
 In June 1941 , Serbs in eastern Herzegovina rebelled against the authorities of the Independent State of Croatia ( Croatian : Nezavisna Država Hrvatska , NDH ) , an Axis puppet state established during World War II on the territory of the defeated Kingdom of Yugoslavia . As the NDH imposed its authority , members of the fascist Ustaše ruling party began a campaign of persecution against Serbs throughout the country . In eastern Herzegovina , the Ustaše perpetrated a series of massacres and attacks against the majority Serb population commencing in the first week of June . Between 3 and 22 June 1941 , spontaneous clashes occurred between NDH authorities and groups of Serbs in the region . 
 The German invasion of the Soviet Union began on 22 June . Over the next two days , the sporadic revolts by Serbs against the NDH in eastern Herzegovina erupted into mass rebellion , triggered by Ustaše persecution , Serb solidarity with the Russian people , hatred and fear of the NDH authorities , and other factors . Serb rebels , under the leadership of both local Serbs and Montenegrins , attacked police , gendarmerie , Ustaše and Croatian Home Guard forces in the region . In the first few days , the rebels captured gendarmerie posts in several villages , set up roadblocks on the major roads and ambushed several military vehicles . On the night of 26 June , the rebels mounted a sustained attack on the town of Nevesinje in an attempt to capture it , but the garrison held out until the morning of 28 June when NDH troops broke through the rebel roadblocks . 
 On 28 June , the rebels ambushed a truckload of Italian soldiers , prompting the Italian Army commander in the NDH to warn the NDH government that he would take unilateral action to secure communication routes . A further gendarmerie post was destroyed by the rebels , and in the evening the rebels captured the village of Avtovac , looting and burning it , and killing dozens of non @-@ Serb civilians . The following day an Italian column cleared the rebels from Avtovac and relieved the hard @-@ pressed NDH garrison in the town of Gacko . From 3 July , an NDH force of over 2 @,@ 000 fanned out from Nevesinje , clearing towns , villages and routes of rebels . The rebel forces did not put up any significant opposition to the clearing operation , and either retreated into nearby Montenegro , or hid their weapons in the mountains and went home . By 7 July , NDH forces had regained full control of all towns and major transport routes in eastern Herzegovina . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 The Independent State of Croatia ( NDH ) was founded on 10 April 1941 , during the invasion of Yugoslavia by the Axis powers . The NDH consisted of most of modern @-@ day Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina , together with some parts of modern @-@ day Serbia . It was essentially an Italo – German quasi @-@ protectorate , as it owed its existence to the Axis powers , who maintained occupation forces within the puppet state throughout its existence . In the immediate aftermath of the Yugoslav surrender on 17 April , former Royal Yugoslav Army troops returned to their homes in eastern Herzegovina with their weapons . This was a significant security concern for the fledgling NDH government due to the proximity of the border with Montenegro , the close relationship between the people of eastern Herzegovina and Montenegro , and widespread banditry in the region . On the day after the surrender , the commander of the NDH armed forces , Vojskovođa ( Marshal ) Slavko Kvaternik issued a proclamation demanding the surrender of all weapons to NDH authorities by 24 April . 
 On 24 April , the NDH created five military command areas , including Bosnia Command and Adriatic Command , both of which were initially headquartered in Sarajevo . Each of the five military commands included several district commands . Adriatic Command included the districts of Knin and Sinj in the Dalmatian hinterland , and Mostar and Trebinje in eastern Herzegovina . The NDH began to mobilise soldiers for the Home Guard , with six battalions identified to join Adriatic Command . The battalions were mobilised from areas outside of eastern Herzegovina , and were to be ready by 20 May . The aggressive actions of the Ustaše fifth column during the Axis invasion made Serb civilian leaders in eastern Herzegovina apprehensive about the NDH , and they attempted to obtain Italian protection , and urged the Italians to annex eastern Herzegovina to the neighboring Italian @-@ occupied territory of Montenegro . A collaborationist " Interim Advisory Committee " of Montenegrin separatists was advocating the establishment of an " independent " Montenegrin state , and a similar committee of separatist Serbs was formed in eastern Herzegovina . A delegation from that committee arrived in Cetinje in Montenegro on 6 May to ask for Italian protection . Similarly , a delegation of Muslims from eastern Herzegovina travelled to Sarajevo , the historic Bosnian capital , to urge the NDH authorities to link eastern Herzegovina to that city . 
 Due to the poor response to the demand for the surrender of weapons , the deadline was extended several times until a date of 8 July was fixed . On 17 May , courts @-@ martial were established to try those that were arrested in possession of weapons , and those found guilty were immediately executed by firing squad . The precedent for this brutal repressive measure against Serbs had already been established by the Germans . It was clear from the outset that the NDH weapons laws were not being enforced as strictly against Croats as they were against Serbs . Securing the border between eastern Herzegovina and Montenegro was considered a high priority due to concerns that the Montenegrin Federalist Party had revived Montenegrin claims to parts of the NDH that had been promised to the Kingdom of Montenegro in the 1915 Treaty of London . 
 The Italians handed over the administration of eastern Herzegovina to the NDH government on 20 May 1941 , following the signing of the Treaties of Rome , which ceded formerly Yugoslav territory along the Adriatic coast to Italy . The Italians did not immediately withdraw all their troops from the region . The NDH moved quickly to establish its authority in the towns and districts of eastern Herzegovina , which included appointing mayors and prefects , the creation of local units of the Ustaše Militia , and deploying hundreds of gendarmes , Croatian Home Guards and Ustaše Militia units from outside eastern Herzegovina . These forces were brought in to maintain order . The academic Professor Alija Šuljak was appointed the Ustaše commissioner for eastern Herzegovina . 
 On 20 May , the recently formed Home Guard battalions began to deploy into the Adriatic Command area . On 27 May , 6 officers and 300 gendarmes of the Sarajevo @-@ based 4th Gendarmerie Regiment were deployed into parts of eastern Herzegovina . They established platoon strength posts in Nevesinje , Trebinje , Gacko and Bileća , with their headquarters also in Bileća . The Dubrovnik @-@ based 2nd Gendarmerie Regiment established posts in Stolac and Berkovići . The headquarters of Adriatic Command was transferred to Mostar in late May , and General Ivan Prpić was appointed as its commander . 
 By 29 May , the battalions of Adriatic Command were in their garrison locations : the 6th Battalion at Mostar , the 7th Battalion at Trebinje , and the 10th Battalion in the Dubrovnik area . The other two Adriatic Command battalions were deployed to Knin and Sinj far to the west . The 18th Battalion was allocated as a reserve and was garrisoned in Mostar . Main Ustaše Headquarters was tasked to recruit one battalion for duties within the Adriatic Command area . Home Guard battalions had a standard structure , consisting of a headquarters company , three infantry companies , a machine gun platoon and a communications section , while battalions of the Ustaše Militia consisted of a headquarters , three companies and a motorised section . Even after the establishment of NDH authorities in eastern Herzegovina , Italian forces maintained their presence in the region . The 55th Regiment of the 32nd Infantry Division Marche remained garrisoned in Trebinje , with the 56th Regiment based in Mostar . The 49th MVSN Legion ( Blackshirts ) were also stationed in Bileća . The Italians maintained a troop presence in Nevesinje until 17 June , and conducted almost daily motorised patrols throughout eastern Herzegovina . 
 The NDH authorities established new administrative sub @-@ divisions , organising the state into counties ( Croatian : velike župe ) and then districts ( Croatian : kotar ) . Eastern Herzegovina was covered by the counties of Hum and Dubrava . Hum County included the districts of Mostar and Nevesinje , and Dubrava County included the districts of Bileća , Gacko , Stolac , Ravno and Trebinje . The Župan ( county prefect ) of Hum was Josip Trajer with his seat in Mostar , and the Župan of Dubrava was Ante Buć , based in Dubrovnik . 
 According to the Yugoslav census of 1931 , the population of eastern Herzegovina comprised 4 per cent Croats , 28 per cent Muslims , and 68 per cent Serbs . According to Professor Jozo Tomasevich , the estimated population of the districts of Bileća , Gacko and Nevesinje was only around 1 @.@ 1 per cent Croat , so in those areas nearly all the NDH government appointments and local Ustaše units were staffed by Muslims , an ethnic group that made up about 23 @.@ 7 per cent of the local population . The poor Muslim peasants of eastern Herzegovina largely sided with the Ustaše . The NDH government immediately tried to strengthen their position by vilifying the Serbs , who , according to Tomasevich , comprised around 75 per cent of the population . 
 
 = = Prelude = = 
 
 The Ustaše began to impose the new laws on the Serb population of the NDH . On 28 May , a group of ten young Ustaše students from the University of Zagreb arrived in Trebinje and began removing signs written in the Cyrillic script used by Serbs . On 1 June , in several towns and villages in eastern Herzegovina , Serbs were shot and businesses belonging to Serb merchants and others were seized . On that day , the Ustaše students in Trebinje shot nine Serbs and arrested another fifteen , apparently due to their links to the inter @-@ war Chetnik Association . Differences began to appear between the brutal treatment of Serbs by the Ustaše and the more careful approach of the other NDH authorities such as the Home Guard , who were aware of the potential danger created by Ustaše methods . In early June , the NDH authorities began operations to confiscate weapons from the population , meeting with immediate resistance . On 1 June , the residents of the village of Donji Drežanj , near Nevesinje , refused to co @-@ operate with weapons collectors . In response , the Ustaše killed a number of Serbs and burned their homes . 
 On 3 June , there were several incidents in which armed villagers spontaneously retaliated against the local authorities . That afternoon , 20 Ustaše were entering Donji Drežanj to confiscate firearms when they were attacked by a group of armed villagers . The villagers withdrew after a short firefight , with one of their number being captured . Reinforcements from the Home Guard and gendarmerie soon arrived , along with more Ustaše who burned another 20 houses and shot a woman . On the night of 4 / 5 June , a group under the control of the Ustaše commissioner for the Gacko district , Herman Tonogal , killed 140 Serbs in the village of Korita , near Bileća , and threw their bodies into a nearby sinkhole . Another 27 Serbs from the village were killed between this massacre and 9 June , and over 5 @,@ 000 head of livestock were stolen and distributed to Muslim villages in the Gacko area for the exclusive use of the Ustaše . The estimated number of Serbs killed at Korita vary from 133 to 180 . 
 In the immediate aftermath , Serbs and Montenegrins from the local area attacked villages , and Adriatic Command sent the 2nd Company of the 7th Battalion from Bileća to reinforce the Ustaše . After a brief clash near Korita , during which the Ustaše and gendarmerie lost one killed and several wounded , the rebels withdrew across the nearby border into Montenegro . The 2nd Company of the 7th Battalion spent the night in the village of Stepen before establishing itself as the Avtovac garrison the following day . Due to its exposure to fire from rebels overlooking their location , the gendarmes were unable to re @-@ occupy their post in Stepen , which meant that the Stepen – Korita road was no longer secure . On 8 June , the district office in Gacko reported to Adriatic Command that they had taken 200 Serbs as hostages and issued a proclamation to the population to cease fighting and surrender their weapons . As this proclamation met with no response , on 10 June the Ustaše Commissioner for Bosnia and Herzegovina , Jure Francetić , had 19 hostages shot ( one escaped ) . On 12 June , the gendarmerie in Ravno shot four people on the orders of the Ustaše commissioner for Ljubinje . Such actions led to Serb peasants leaving their villages to seek safety in more remote areas , and Muslim villagers became increasingly nervous about their Serb neighbours . 
 In mid @-@ June , the commander of the 2nd Company of the 7th Battalion at Bileća wrote to Adriatic Command complaining about the activities of the Ustaše , referring to them as " armed scum and animals " who were dishonouring " honest Croats " . When the Italians heard that the Ustaše had burned two villages across the border in Montenegro , they sent an intelligence officer to Gacko to investigate the unrest . He did not accept the explanation of the gendarmerie commander in Gacko , who claimed that the violence was caused by " personal hatred and revenge " , and met with rebels . The rebels did not attack him or his security escort , and told him that the reason behind the rebellion was that " Croats and Turks are beating us and throwing us into a pit " . He concluded that the cause of the unrest was the attempt to disarm the Serb community . 
 On 17 and 18 June , Tonogal and Lieutenant Colonel Aganović , gendarmerie commander for eastern Herzegovina , made an attempt to calm the situation by visiting villages east of the Gacko – Avtovac road to re @-@ establish peace in the area . They received a written message from four villages that they did not acknowledge the NDH authorities , and wanted the message to be passed on to the Italians . The residents of the villages of Jasenik and Lipnik were willing to talk and return to work , but they asked that the gendarmerie not visit their villages , as this would tempt the Montenegrins to attack . Aganović assessed that while this was probably true , their request was insincere . The gendarmerie commander in Bileća believed that the reason for the rebellion was that the local Serbs were wedded to the idea of Greater Serbia , and did not accept that their villages were part of the NDH . This approach essentially meant that local Serbs wanted the NDH authorities to leave them alone and not impose on their lives . According to the historian Davor Marijan , this was a poor choice that gave the Ustaše an excuse to take radical action . 
 The response of the NDH authorities to resistance had been to burn down the villages where this had occurred , and there were mass shootings of Serbs , which escalated the level of violence even further . In late May and June , 173 Serbs had been rounded up , tortured and killed in Nevesinje , and in early June , another 140 Serbs had been killed at Ljubinje . In response , Serbs attacked Ustaše officials and facilities , and conducted raids themselves , killing Muslim villagers . 
 
 = = Uprising = = 
 
 The NDH authorities only had weak forces in eastern Herzegovina at the time the mass uprising occurred , roughly equal to two Croatian Home Guard battalions , as well as gendarmerie posts in some towns . This was barely adequate to guard important locations , and was insufficient for offensive action . Deployed forces consisted of one company of the 10th Battalion in Trebinje , the headquarters and a reinforced company of the 7th Battalion in Bileća ( the balance of the battalion being divided between Gacko and Avtovac ) , and a company of the 6th Battalion in Nevesinje . The remainder of the 10th Battalion was deploying to Trebinje at the time the rebellion broke out . 
 
 = = = 23 – 24 June = = = 
 
 The first indication that the situation had changed significantly was on 23 June , when a group of 200 Ustaše clashed with a group of rebels they estimated to number between 600 and 1 @,@ 000 . After an extended firefight near the village of Stepen , 5 km ( 3 @.@ 1 mi ) north of Korita , during which they suffered several casualties , the Ustaše also burned down four villages . They then entered two Muslim @-@ majority villages in the area and arrested 13 Serbs who had not been involved in the earlier fighting . The arrested Serbs were transported north to Avtovac and shot . That night , all adult Serbs above the age of 16 in Gacko , 4 @.@ 5 km ( 2 @.@ 8 mi ) northwest of Avtovac , were arrested , and 26 were immediately shot . The rest were transported 50 km ( 31 mi ) west to a camp in Nevesinje . Over the period 23 – 25 June , 150 Serbs from the village of Ravno , 30 km ( 19 mi ) southwest of Ljubinje , were arrested and killed at the gendarmerie post , and the remainder of the population fled to the hills . 
 On 23 and 24 June , spontaneous mass gatherings occurred at several villages in the Gacko and Nevesinje districts . These rallies were prompted by the news of the German invasion of the Soviet Union , and those attending them voted to fight against the Ustaše . Professor Marko Attila Hoare states that the full @-@ scale uprising resulted from the Ustaše retaliation against attempts of the Serbs of eastern Herzegovina to defend themselves , combined with the launching of the German invasion on 22 June . At dawn on 24 June , the area of Nevesinje descended into full @-@ scale revolt , with around 400 armed rebels engaging the Home Guard garrison . By 24 June , the uprising had reached a massive scale across eastern Herzegovina , with between 1 @,@ 500 and 3 @,@ 000 armed rebels in total , including some Montenegrins . 
 
 = = = 25 June = = = 
 
 On the morning of 25 June , the company of the 6th Battalion at Nevesinje reported that rebels were gathering to attack the town ; Nevesinje 's Ustaše commissioner claimed that the rebel force numbered 5 @,@ 000 , and were led by a former Yugoslav Army colonel . About 10 : 00 , the town was attacked from the south and southwest . In response , the Home Guard despatched two more companies of the 6th Battalion from Mostar to Nevesinje . That morning , reports also arrived from Bileća and Stolac that rebels were approaching the village of Berkovići from the north , and had captured the gendarmerie post at Gornji Lukavac . About 11 : 30 , the Ustaše commissioner for Stolac reported that 3 @,@ 000 Montenegrins had gathered between Nevesinje and Stolac , and he requested the immediate supply of 150 rifles for his men . A rebel attack on the gendarmerie post in the village of Divin near Bileća was repulsed around midday . A platoon of Home Guard reinforcements and weapons for the Ustaše arrived at Stolac in the afternoon , and Bileća was held throughout the day . 
 Reports of the uprising reached Kvaternik during 25 June , but he dismissed them and the reports of 5 @,@ 000 rebels , cancelling Adriatic Command 's redeployment of the 21st Battalion from Slavonski Brod as well as a request to the Italians for air reconnaissance support . He stated that the suppression of the uprising could be handled by local forces . Loss of communication with Nevesinje resulted in rumours that the town had fallen to the rebels . The gendarmerie post at Fojnica ( near Gacko ) was captured on the afternoon of 25 June , with the survivors escaping to Gacko . Newspapers reported rumours that Gacko and Avtovac had fallen to the rebels . Having already despatched a reinforced company towards Nevesinje from Sarajevo earlier in the day , Adriatic Command ordered the rest of the battalion to follow . The initial company group had already reached Kalinovik some 60 kilometres ( 37 mi ) from Nevesinje , and the rest of the battalion was expected to spend the night of 25 / 26 June there before arriving in Nevesinje around noon on 26 June . Kvaternik received an updated report on the situation in eastern Herzegovina during the night , and Prpić travelled from Sarajevo to Mostar to take control of operations , to find that information about the situation in eastern Herzegovina was unclear , but suggested that NDH forces could be facing serious difficulties . 
 
 = = = 26 June = = = 
 
 On the morning of 26 June , the company of the 6th Battalion that had been sent from Mostar continued towards Nevesinje , but almost immediately came under fire from a rebel group . With the assistance of Ustaše , the Home Guard were able to hold their ground , but they were unable to break through to Nevesinje . That afternoon , two aircraft of the Air Force of the Independent State of Croatia ( Croatian : Zrakoplovstvo Nezavisne Države Hrvatske , ZNDH ) from Sarajevo conducted an armed reconnaissance over eastern Herzegovina , and discovered that NDH forces still held Nevesinje . They observed barricades across the Mostar – Nevesinje road , and strafed a group of 50 rebels north of Nevesinje near the village of Kifino Selo . Prpić bolstered the force on the Mostar – Nevesinje road with the 17th Battalion , recently arrived from Sarajevo , and sent his deputy , Colonel Antun Prohaska to command it . The 17th Battalion joined that force at 20 : 00 . About 17 : 00 , the company of the 11th Battalion reached Nevesinje from Kalinovik , and a further company of the battalion was despatched from Sarajevo , along with the battalion commander . 
 In the southern part of the area of operations around Stolac , the situation was significantly calmer than around Nevesinje , although a group of 200 Ustaše at Berkovići were falsely claiming that they were being surrounded by rebels at night . Despite this claim , they had suffered no casualties . Regardless , Prpić sent them ammunition and a platoon of the 18th Battalion . At 19 : 00 on 26 June , Francetić arrived at Prpić 's headquarters in Mostar to be briefed on the situation . He resolved that he would travel to Berkovići the following day and take personal command of the Ustaše unit there . 
 Around Gacko and Avtovac in the north , the day had been quiet . When the commander of the 2nd Company of the 7th Battalion at Gacko reported rebels gathering near the town , Prpić sent a truck @-@ mounted platoon with an ammunition resupply . The platoon was ambushed en route , with 14 Home Guardsmen being captured . Gacko was reinforced later in the day from troops in Avtovac . On the night of 26 June , the Nevesinje garrison was subjected to a sustained attack by the rebels , but held out . 
 The NDH authorities in Trebinje heard rumours that the Serbs could start an uprising there on 28 June , the feast day of Saint Vitus , and warned NDH forces in the region to be prepared for a revolt . As a result of these reports , the Poglavnik ( leader ) of the NDH , Ante Pavelić , issued orders threatening that anyone who spread these rumours would be court @-@ martialled . On the eve of the feast day , both the gendarmerie and Ustaše took several hostages in case the rumours were true . Later , the gendarmerie released their hostages , but the 19 hostages held by the Ustaše were killed . In contrast to the actions of the Ustaše , the Home Guard units in the area tried to calm the situation down . 
 
 = = = 27 – 28 June = = = 
 
 On the morning of 27 June , Prpić launched a three @-@ pronged assault to clear the routes to Nevesinje . Prohaska commanded the push east along the Mostar – Nevesinje road by a force close to two battalions , Francetić led his unit of Ustaše north from Berkovići through the mountains via Odžak to approach Nevesinje from the south , and two companies of the 11th Battalion thrust southwest along the road from Plužine . Once this task was complete , the NDH forces were to vigorously pursue the rebels and destroy them . 
 The Prohaska group deployed with one company on the road , and elements of the 17th Battalion and 70 Ustaše on the left flank . Their attack commenced about 10 : 00 , and although they faced strong resistance from the rebels , aided by strafing and bombing by ZNDH aircraft , they reached villages on the outskirts of Nevesinje after fighting that lasted until dawn on 28 June . One Home Guard battalion halted and took up a defensive stance , and the commander was threatened with dismissal by Prpić before he resumed the attack . Francetić 's Ustaše unit also faced heavy fighting , and had to call for ammunition resupply on two occasions . One of the resupply vehicles was ambushed by rebels between Stolac and Berkovići , and some ammunition was finally delivered by passenger car during the night . Elsewhere , rebels attacked Gacko and Avtovac , and one ZNDH aircraft was shot down by rebel machine gun fire near Avtovac . That night , Prpić telephoned Kvaternik and advised him that the imposition of martial law was necessary to restore order to Herzegovina . Army Chief of Staff General Vladimir Laxa was immediately appointed by Pavelić to control both Hum and Dubrava counties , which incorporated much of eastern Herzegovina . 
 On 28 June , Laxa became the overall commander of all NDH authorities in Hum and Dubrava counties , which included Ustaše , Home Guard , civil administration , gendarmerie and police . Military courts were established to deal with those resisting the NDH authorities . Armed guards were posted at the entrance to towns and villages , and any armed civilians were to be disarmed and brought to military authorities . Laxa issued an order that gave the rebels until 2 July to submit to the authorities . On that day , after the Prohaska group broke through to Nevesinje from Mostar , Prohaska sent a company of the 6th Battalion to Kifino Selo to meet the two companies of the 11th Battalion advancing from Plužine . Despite ZNDH air support , the company of the 6th Battalion was attacked by rebels near the entrance to Kifino Selo and the majority broke and ran . Prohaska had to send reserves to block the road between Nevesinje and Kifino Selo , and the companies from the 11th Battalion began to reconnoitre the rebel positions towards Odžak . 
 Also on that morning , the 200 Home Guard troops and about 50 armed locals in Avtovac were attacked from three directions by rebels . They recovered from their initial surprise and held the town during the day , but in the evening a renewed assault caused them to withdraw from Avtovac and retreat to the villages of Međuljići and Ključ . Upon capturing Avtovac , the rebels looted the village , burned down a large number of Muslim homes and killed 32 Muslim civilians , mostly women , children and the elderly . Gacko was also attacked by the rebels , with eight soldiers killed , and one officer and 12 soldiers wounded . Also on 28 June , two Italian Army trucks driving from Bileća to Avtovac were ambushed by rebels , who killed three soldiers and wounded 17 . Around 18 : 00 , the Italian command advised Kvaternik that they would be clearing the route from Bileća via Gacko to Nevesinje on an unspecified future date . During the fighting around Gacko , several ZNDH aircraft were forced to land due to pilot casualties and engine trouble . ZNDH air support operations were suspended due to lack of fuel and spares for the aircraft . 
 There was no improvement in the situation around Stolac , and an Ustaše unit made up of armed civilians proved to be of such low combat value that Laxa spoke to Francetić and criticised its performance . South of Bileća , rebels destroyed the gendarmerie post in a village , killing seven gendarmes . Dozens of gendarmes were sent from Trebinje to assist them , but they were stopped by rebels and withdrew into a village schoolhouse . In the afternoon a platoon of the 10th Home Guard Battalion was sent north from Trebinje to support the gendarmes , but they were attacked near the village of Mosko , and withdrew into a defensive position . They were reinforced by a second platoon during the night , and were given orders to clear the road from Trebinje to Bileća on the following morning ahead of the Italians . 
 
 = = = 29 – 30 June = = = 
 
 At dawn on 29 June , the rebels attacked the Ustaše in a village on the Mostar – Nevesinje road . Prohaska demanded help from Mostar , and planned to send a force from Nevesinje to assist . From Mostar , a company of the 21st Battalion was despatched to relieve the Ustaše , who had managed to hold off the rebels . The Home Guard company then took over the post from the Ustaše . The same day , two new battalions arrived in Mostar , the 23rd Battalion from Osijek and the 15th Battalion from Travnik . These reinforcements arrived just as Prpić received confirmation that Avtovac had been captured by the rebels . The remaining small garrison in Gacko , consisting of only 20 gendarmes and 30 Ustaše , were holding out but expecting more attacks by the rebels . In the morning , the attack by elements of the 10th Battalion stalled until the battalion commander , Lieutenant Colonel Julije Reš , personally took command of the operation , clearing the way for the Italians . The promised Italian intervention commenced about midday , and about 100 trucks of Italian soldiers arrived in Gacko about 17 : 00 . As they had passed through Avtovac , the rebels had left the town and withdrawn to villages to the east . About 18 : 00 , the 10th Battalion relieved the besieged gendarmes in the village schoolhouse . ZNDH aircraft from Mostar airfield flew reconnaissance sorties over the area and dropped leaflets over Stolac , Stepen , Avtovac , Gacko and Plužine . 
 After the garrison of Nevesinje had been relieved , Laxa directed his main effort towards the Gacko and Avtovac districts . Sensitive to the fact that the Italians had not respected the territorial borders of the NDH when they sent their column to Gacko , he considered it very important that Croatian military and political prestige be restored , otherwise the Italians might decide to remain in the area rather than withdraw to their garrison near the Adriatic coast . He planned to follow this consolidation by clearing the border areas with Montenegro then clearing the hinterland of any remaining rebels . For this last task he intended to deploy a yet @-@ to @-@ be @-@ formed special unit to be led by Lieutenant Colonel Josip Metzger . The task of re @-@ asserting NDH authority in the Gacko and Avtovac districts was allocated to Prohaska 's group , consisting of the 6th Battalion , one company of the 18th Battalion , two companies of the 17th Battalion , and the recently arrived 15th and 21st Battalions , which were to be sent to Nevesinje from Mostar . Prohaska was to act in concert with the 11th Battalion who were already in the vicinity of Plužine , just to the north of the Nevesinje – Gacko road . In preparation , the 15th Battalion was trucked to Nevesinje , and a company of the 17th Battalion conducted a coordinated attack with the 11th Battalion on rebel positions near Kifino Selo . This attack was defeated by the rebels , and a battalion commander was killed . 
 During the remainder of the day , the Italians collected the bodies of their dead from the rebel ambush on 28 June , and rescued some Home Guard troops that had escaped Avtovac , but then returned to Plana , just north of Bileća . The value of further operations in the Gacko and Avtovac areas was brought into question when the Italians reported that both towns had been burned to the ground , and all the inhabitants had been massacred . The Italians blamed Montenegrins attached to the rebels for the destruction and killings in the two towns . The Italian estimate of rebel strength was around 3 @,@ 000 armed with machine guns , artillery and anti @-@ aircraft guns . A German intelligence officer from Sarajevo arrived at Prpić 's headquarters in Mostar to receive a briefing on the situation . The small garrison of Gacko was anticipating an attack by rebels during the night , but in the afternoon 180 Home Guardsmen that had withdrawn from Avtovac arrived to bolster their position , and the night passed without incident . 
 
 = = = 1 – 7 July = = = 
 
 On 1 July , an Italian armoured unit arrived in Gacko to reinforce the garrison . An Ustaše operation to clear the insurgents from the Stolac district began on 3 July , meeting with success and opening of the road from Berkovci north to Odžak . The Ustaše did not go closer to Nevesinje as they were not in uniform , and were concerned that the Home Guards would mistake them for rebels . During this operation , three Ustaše were killed , including their commander , and the Ustaše fighters killed ten rebels and captured two . In the belongings of one of the captured rebels , the Ustaše located a report by the " National Movement for the Liberation of Nevesinje " ( Serbo @-@ Croatian : Narodni pokret za oslobođenje Nevesinja ) , which was apparently how the rebels referred to themselves . The report made it clear that the rebels were using military tactics and organisation , and hinted at co @-@ operation with the Italians . According to information gathered by the police , the local rebel leadership included former Mostar merchant Čedo Milić , the Bjelogrlić brothers from Avtovac , the Orthodox priest Father Mastilović from Nadinići , and a Captain Radović from Avtovac . Montenegrins involved in the leadership of the uprising included Colonel Bajo Stanišić , Major Minja Višnjić , and Radojica Nikčević from Nikšić . 
 Following the Italian intervention , Prpić was able to proceed with the task of clearing the wider area of Nevesinje from 3 July , ensuring NDH control of population centres and roads . On 5 July , he replaced his deputy Prohaska with Colonel Franjo Šimić , and assigned him a force consisting of the 6th , 11th , 15th and 17th Battalions , a company of the 18th Battalion and a troop of artillery . The force numbered 62 officers and 2 @,@ 062 men , with heavy weapons including four 100 mm Skoda houfnice vz 14 mountain howitzers , six heavy machine guns and twenty @-@ seven light machine guns . Šimić seized the crossroads near Kifino Selo and Plužine , securing it with one company of the 11th Battalion , then sent the 15th Battalion to Gacko and the 17th Battalion to Berkovići . A half company of the 21st Battalion secured the Mostar – Nevesinje road . Once this was completed , the major roads in eastern Herzegovina were secured . These operations proceeded without significant fighting , as some of the rebels retreated over the border with Montenegro , and others hid their weapons in the mountains and returned to their homes . By 7 July , NDH forces had regained full control over all the towns and transport routes in eastern Herzegovina . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 Tomasevich states that the uprising was a " spontaneous , unorganised outburst " that was doomed to failure , and involved neither the Chetniks of Draža Mihailović nor the Communist Party of Yugoslavia ( Serbo @-@ Croatian : Komunistička partija Jugoslavije , KPJ ) . He contends that the uprising was the result of several factors , including the Ustaše persecutions , fear and hatred of the NDH authorities , a local tradition of rebellion against the Ottoman Empire , the poor economic conditions in eastern Herzegovina , and news of the launching of Operation Barbarossa against the Soviet Union . Hoare concurs with Tomasevich that the uprising was in the tradition of the Herzegovinian rebellions against the Ottoman Empire during the 19th century , such as the uprisings in 1875 – 77 . Edmund Glaise @-@ Horstenau , the German Plenipotentiary General in the NDH , believed that the Italians might have deliberately avoided interfering in the uprising . General Renzo Dalmazzo , the commander of the Italian 6th Army Corps , blamed the Ustaše and Muslims for stoking the revolt . 
 In eastern Herzegovina , the KPJ had little impact until mid @-@ August 1941 , well after the initial revolt had been suppressed . During the lead @-@ up to the mass uprising , the KPJ organisation in Herzegovina would not commit itself , as it was waiting for orders from the provincial organisation in Sarajevo , which was expecting direction from the KPJ Central Committee to launch a general uprising across Yugoslavia . Once they became aware of the German attack on the Soviet Union , the KPJ in Herzegovina voted to join the mass uprising , but this only occurred on 24 June , when the uprising was already in full swing . According to Milazzo , the rebels remained a threat throughout eastern Herzegovina well into July , although the uprising in Herzegovina did not advance until the Bosnia @-@ wide revolt occurred at the end of July , by which time the KPJ was ready for active involvement in the fighting . 
 
 
 = Crush ( video game ) = 
 
 Crush is a platformer @-@ puzzle video game developed by Kuju Entertainment 's Zoë Mode studio and published by Sega in 2007 for the PlayStation Portable . Its protagonist is Danny , a young man suffering from insomnia , who uses an experimental device to explore his mind and discover the cause of his sleeplessness . Each level of the game , representing events from Danny 's life and inspired by artists such as Tim Burton and M.C. Escher , requires the player to control Danny as he collects his " lost marbles " and other thoughts . 
 Crush 's primary gameplay feature involves manipulating each game level between 3D and 2D views , allowing the player to reach platforms and locations inaccessible from within a different view . This element was noted by critics to be similar to one in Super Paper Mario , also released in 2007 , though the Zoë Mode team had envisioned the concept five years prior . Crush received positive reviews upon release , with critics praising its incorporation of this dimension @-@ shifting component alongside other aspects of the game presentation . Though Crush won several gaming awards , including PSP game of the month , it failed to meet the developer 's sales expectations . A port of the game for the Nintendo 3DS called Crush 3D was announced on January 19 , 2011 and was made available on January 13 , 2012 in Europe and on March 6 , 2012 in North America . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 While Crush and its Nintendo 3DS port Crush 3D retain the same gameplay mechanics and premise , the two versions feature different plots . 
 
 = = = PSP version = = = 
 
 ( Note : The voice actors for the story are unknown at the moment as Zoë Mode never credited them ) 
 The protagonist of the game , a young man named Danny , suffers from chronic insomnia caused by worry , stress , and repressed memories . He is admitted to a mental institution for it , where he consults a mad scientist , Dr. Reubens , who treats Danny with his Cognitive Regression Utilizing pSychiatric Heuristics ( C.R.U.S.H. ) device , which has a sentient female persona . The device 's helmet places Danny under hypnosis , during which he can regain control of his sanity by collecting his lost marbles , and facing his primal fears in the form of monsters ( i.e. cockroaches , slugs ) . Danny starts spilling the beans to Reubens about his city life ; moving into his first apartment and his suffering job as a chef ( because " the ladies love a man who can cook " ) . He heavily depends on Reubens for some serious help if he wants to get rid of his insomnia . Later , when C.R.U.S.H. projects the image of a bucket and shovel at the beach onto the helmet , he recalls his love life some few years ago with a girl named Tina Ash ( who Reubens mistakenly thought was Danny 's mother ) . Returning the next summer , Danny is jilted for a more handsome man . Devastated , Danny ends up sitting on the pier crying , inadvertently falling into the ocean below , but eventually rescued . Reubens claims Danny 's rejection made him " shy away from the fairer sex " , and tells him to get some rest . The next day , Dr. Reubens tunes up his machine to " match [ Danny 's ] abnormally low cognitive frequency . " Danny recommends he give them some time alone , but the word " alone " has Reubens allude to the time Danny was heavily abused as a young boy at a local funfair by three thugs , however , Danny discloses that he ditched his parents to go to the funfair alone , but they find and rescue him . He then promised his parents that he 'd " stay with them forever . " Dr. Reubens uses this evidence to come to a conclusion that homesickness is the cause of his insomnia , recommending that Danny moves back into his parents ' house , but his conclusion is proved wrong when Danny returns one more time . Dr. Reubens lashes out at Danny for wearing out his machine , demanding that Danny fess up to where he " buried [ his ] pain " and if he is merely " toying " with them . Pushing the limit , Reubens subjects Danny to regress all the way to his childhood , when he was only six years old , against Danny 's own will . Danny cries at the breaking point , dictating that Reubens stop " unlocking doors that should stay bolted , " but in the end , Danny mutters the words , " Come back , " implying that his parents went out on a date and left him at his house alone , with disturbing shadows of the night leaving Danny in psychological trauma . Danny discovers that his childhood fears at that time , principally being afraid of the dark , are the real cause his insomnia , sending him " spiraling back into [ his ] six @-@ year @-@ old self . " Reubens is full of disgust that his treatment was a complete waste and that Danny ruined his machine due to his nyctophobia , but tells Danny he 's cured . Right when Reubens begins to snap Danny out of hypnosis , C.R.U.S.H. , following suit in Reubens thoughts , goes over the edge and seems to attack Danny 's mind , with Reubens panicking and Danny 's life on the line while the screen fades to black at the start of the attempt . 
 
 = = = 3DS version = = = 
 
 Doctor ' Doc ' Doccerson ( instead of Reubens in the PSP version ) , is infuriated that all of his inventions failed , but today he ' shall surpass them all ' with his latest invention , C.R.U.S.H. He uses a tape recorder for his scientific narrative on the experiment . With the help of his best friend and protégé , Danny ( a running gag consists of him correcting Doc throughout the game ) , he enters his mind as his subject to C.R.U.S.H. , but after a few tests , Danny is trapped inside C.R.U.S.H. , where he can collect his lost marbles ( which will unlock new dressing gowns / robe designs ) and facing his fears in the form of monsters ( i.e. cockroaches , slugs ) . At one point , Doc tells Danny that C.R.U.S.H. will not let Danny out due to " unresolved feelings . " The two question that reasoning as they progress . Towards the end , C.R.U.S.H. interrupts contact between Danny and Doc , overly infatuated with Danny . Danny slowly admits to C.R.U.S.H. that she is simply a machine and compares it to " flirting with a parking meter . " C.R.U.S.H. , infuriated , sends Danny back to his childhood as a result . When Doc comes back into contact with Danny , Danny lashes out at Doc for building a machine " with the heart of a teenage girl " who " LOLd " at him . Doc , calming Danny down , explains how this " subconscious " is not really his , but old data , and suddenly Danny becomes shocked when he realizes he took the place of someone who underwent treatment with C.R.U.S.H. ( being the PSP Danny ) , but " she knows [ he 's ] not the same . " C.R.U.S.H. really wanted Danny to clear her head . In the ending , Danny finally escapes and is free out of C.R.U.S.H 's mind . He and Doc discuss C.R.U.S.H 's future , while Doc says that he 'll fix her . In a sudden plot twist , it turns out that they were not in the real world at all , but all the levels throughout the game are outside Doc 's lab . C.R.U.S.H. smiles and laughs into the camera , she winks and the screen cuts to black . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 Crush contains ten levels in each of the four locations , all based on an event in Danny 's past . The levels represent Danny 's mind : a dark city landscape with many tall buildings and the occasional street lamp , a hotel resting aside a seaside location , a dark and mysterious funfair , and a haunted childhood bedroom . Levels are mostly composed of platforms formed by blocks . The player 's goal in each level is to collect marbles , which give the player points based on their color . The exit from the level is opened once a predetermined number of points have been collected . Danny can crawl into narrow areas and jump a small height . 
 The main gameplay feature of Crush is the ability to transpose the layout of a level between 2D and 3D representations to reach seemingly inaccessible areas and solve the game 's puzzles . The player can switch the third @-@ person camera between four directional side views and a top @-@ down view at any time while in 3D . When in these views , the player can have Danny " crush " the level , collapsing all 3D elements into 2D ; crushing from side views results in a 2D platformer @-@ like view , while crushing from the top @-@ down view provides a 2D top @-@ down perspective . Crushing can connect and merge platforms on the same visual plane in the 3D view but separated by a large distance , creating pathways across the level in the 2D view . The player can also " uncrush " the level at any time . Certain blocks , when crushed , become either obstacles through which Danny cannot pass , or ledges the player can use to reach other parts of the level . Attempts to crush a level in any manner that would harm Danny are thwarted . However , uncrushing can leave Danny in a helpless state , such as hanging in mid @-@ air . 
 Enemy monsters inhabit the levels , but the player can crush them by flattening impassable blocks against them . The player may also encounter timers in the form of alarm clocks that will begin to elapse when crushed for the first time and can only be stopped when Danny jumps on them . Danny wakes from his mental explorations if he falls off the level or too high of a surface , is touched by a monster , or fails to stop a timer , but the C.R.U.S.H. device reinserts him at the start of the level or the last checkpoint Danny passed . 
 Throughout the levels are scattered large spheres and cylinders , which the player can roll when crushed appropriately . These can then be used as platforms or to depress switches . Jigsaw pieces can be collected to reveal concept art and extras in the game 's menus . Some of Danny 's " thoughts " , represented by glowing neon icons on the walls of the level , are only activated when the level is crushed in a manner that does not obscure them . Some thoughts allow Danny to jump higher or stop time . Once the player completes each level , they are graded by the duration of Danny 's stay on the level , how many times Danny " woke up " , and a bonus for collecting all marbles , the jigsaw piece , and a hidden thought trophy . The thought trophy , once completed by crushing , unlocks a level 's special challenge mode for later play which requires time @-@ limited completion of the level with an allotted number of crushes . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 In an interview , Zoë Mode executive producer Paul Mottram claimed that the game concept was envisioned in 2002 , but work did not actually begin until 2006 . The initial concept was built on the crushing mechanism between 2D and 3D , and they only had to create appropriate obstacles to prevent players from simply " crushing " across the level . Mottram noted that during the development of Crush , the gameplay of Super Paper Mario had not yet been revealed , and thus the team was surprised to learn that it shared a similar feature . 
 Mottram stated that the crushing mechanism had been developed and refined for six months before developing the story and characters ; the development team wanted to have " a normal person in an impossible situation " . The art and level design were inspired by Tim Burton , Mike Mignola , and M.C. Escher . The plot was originally more morbid than in the final product , with Danny dying and the rest of the game told as flashbacks . 
 The game levels were developed on a level editor on the PlayStation Portable , but Zoë Mode were not able to refine the editor in time for shipping . Mottram said " It would be great to see user generated content and this is something we have been seriously thinking about for the future " and that downloadable content " would work perfectly with the Crush level structure and I am sure that fans of the game would be eager to see more levels . " Mottram has stated they would like to market a sequel based on the highly positive feedback they had received ; however , with other Zoë Mode projects such as SingStar and Play taking precedence , he does not know when this could be . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Crush received generally positive reviews , with aggregate scores of 83 out of 100 from Metacritic and 82 % from Game Rankings . The game was highly praised for its innovative approach to gameplay . Ryan Davis of GameSpot appreciated Crush for owing " very little of its novel concept to games that preceded it " . Nick Suttner of 1UP called the game a " cognitively rewarding , expertly designed puzzle experience that truly plays like nothing else " . Reviews were mixed on the game 's learning curve . IGN 's Jeremy Dunham praised the ordering of the puzzle elements , that new gaming elements are introduced at " an ideal pace " , and that most puzzles have solutions where the player must " think ' outside the box ' " . Eurogamer 's Dan Whitehead commented that the game introduces these elements too quickly and " doesn 't give you much time to put the basics into practice " . Some critics found that elements of the game detracted from the game 's uniqueness . X @-@ Play 's Greg Orlando , while stating that this was " one of the most novel games ever made " , noted that it was " simply not very fun " , as it lacked many player incentives beyond manipulating the world and collecting objects on each level . Reviewers noted that some puzzles were awkward due to the selection of the PlayStation Portable 's controls . Reviewers found the game 's story poor , but this was overcome by the gameplay elements ; Charles Harold of the New York Times said " the minimal story is as forgettable as its puzzles are ingenious " . GamesRadar included it in their list of the 100 most overlooked games of its generation . Editor Jason Fanelli stated that the ability to switch from 2D to 3D was " one of the most unique ( at the time ) features we ’ ve ever seen . " 
 IGN awarded Crush PSP Game of the Month for May 2007 . GameSpy called Crush the third best PlayStation Portable game and the " PSP Puzzle Game of the Year " for its Game of the Year 2007 awards . Similarly , IGN awarded Crush the " Best PSP Puzzle Game " , " Most Innovative PSP Game " , and " Best PSP Game No One Played " awards in their Game of the Year 2007 selections . Crush won the 2007 Develop Conference Industry Award for " Best New Handheld IP " . According to Paul Mottram , positive reception of the game did not translate into high sales , but the game " will hopefully stick around for a while and continue to shift units " . 
 
 
 = Odyssey Number Five = 
 
 Odyssey Number Five is the fourth studio album by the Australian rock band Powderfinger , produced by Nick DiDia and released on 4 September 2000 by Universal Music . It won the 2001 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album , Best Group and Best Rock Album . The album was the band 's shortest yet , focusing on social , political , and emotional issues that had appeared in prior works , especially Internationalist . 
 The album produced four singles . The most successful , " My Happiness " , reached # 4 on the ARIA Singles Chart , won the 2001 ARIA Music Award for " Single of the Year " , and topped Triple J 's Hottest 100 in 2000 . The album also featured " These Days " , which topped Triple J 's Hottest 100 in 1999 . The album was also ranked at number 1 in Triple J 's Hottest 100 Australian Albums of All Time poll in 2011 . 
 Many critics lauded the album as Powderfinger 's best work ; one stated that the album was " the Finger 's Crowning Glory " , however , others were critical of the " imitation " contained in the album . Overall , the album won five ARIA Music Awards in 2001 and was certified platinum seven times , and earned an eighth in 2004 . Odyssey Number Five was Powderfinger 's first album to chart in the United States , and the band toured extensively around North America to promote its release . 
 
 = = Background , recording , and production = = 
 
 In a 1997 interview , Powderfinger bassist John Collins hinted that the group 's next album would be similar to their previous album , Internationalist , while frontman Bernard Fanning said in September 2000 that the lyrics on the album , like those on " Waiting for the Sun " , were his " most personal and direct yet " . Fanning said his lyrics were based on the " obstacles in the way of being in a relationship , especially in our work situation " . 
 Powderfinger worked with producer Nick DiDia on Odyssey Number Five , as they had done on Internationalist , finishing the album in August 2000 after six weeks of recording . The band spent this time ensuring higher quality songs than on Internationalist , which had featured out @-@ of @-@ tune guitars on " Passenger " . 
 Odyssey Number Five was Powderfinger 's shortest album when recorded , running for approximately 45 minutes . The focus of the album was on restraint , with more simplistic lyrics than previously , and with a plain and simple message intended . Fanning said of his songwriting ethic : " You try and make it something that ’ s got some substance , but also , you can never do that at the cost of it having relevance to what you ’ re singing . " Powderfinger manager Paul Piticco commented that " their ethos is to be pushing the limits of their songwriting ability " . 
 Like Powderfinger 's previous album Internationalist , Odyssey Number Five commented on social and political issues heavily , with the primary point of focus being Aboriginal affairs . The lyrics of " Like a Dog " attacked former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard 's Liberal government for its treatment of Indigenous Australians , and for breaking the " relaxed and comfortable " promise he made in the Australian federal election , 1996 . Lead singer Bernard Fanning related this to the band 's other ethical stances — refusing to appear on Hey Hey it 's Saturday , for its anti @-@ gay commentary , or not allowing Powderfinger songs to be used in jingles , amongst others — stating , " We 're not here to set an example . We just want to be happy with ourselves and not end up with a guilty conscience . " Fanning said that despite " Like a Dog " being about a political issue , it was not a political song , rather just Powderfinger " voicing our opinions " . The band worked with boxer Anthony Mundine on the song 's music video , whom Fanning praised as " the perfect lead , in terms of what the song is about and the fact that he ’ s prepared to speak up for what he believes in . " 
 As well as providing social commentary , Odyssey Number Five also discussed love , a recurring motif in Fanning 's songwriting . Fanning noted that one of the causes of this was his passion for soul and gospel music , stating that he " listen [ s ] to a lot of soul music that 's unashamedly about love and how good it makes you feel " . Lead guitarist Ian Haug agreed , and also noted that the band as a whole were fully committed to Fanning 's lyrics , stating " It 's really important for us to agree with what Bernard is singing . " 
 Odyssey Number Five marked Powderfinger 's first successful attempt to enter the United States market . Fanning told Billboard in a 2001 interview that the band were not taking anything for granted , however , stating , " In America , we haven 't really done any work yet to deserve any major popularity " , with the " vibes " on previous albums failing to reach the American mainstream . Powderfinger toured extensively around the country , performing in 22 cities . As a result of these efforts , " My Happiness " was briefly placed on rotation on KROQ @-@ FM and several other radio stations . The song ultimately peaked at # 23 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart . This success was assisted by the band appearing on the Late Show with David Letterman , and by supporting Coldplay on tour . Guitarist Darren Middleton summarised their work in the United States by stating " This year has been a bit of a blur . " 
 
 = = Album and single releases = = 
 
 Odyssey Number Five was released on 4 September 2000 , on the Grudge / Universal record labels . The album was released in the United Kingdom on Polydor , with 15 minutes of video and an additional track Nature Boy , at a later date . A sampler version was released in the United States in 2001 , containing five tracks . 
 Four singles were released from the album . " My Kind of Scene " was the first ; released as a promotional single in June 2000 . The track was written for the 2000 film Mission : Impossible II , and appeared on its soundtrack . Collins and Middleton recalled that the song was written and produced with photos of Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman on the wall of the band 's studio " as inspiration " . They noted that the band made three songs in response to the Mission : Impossible II request , and that " My Kind of Scene " was chosen over " Up & Down & Back Again " and " Whatever Makes You Happy " . 
 The second single from the album was " My Happiness " , released on 14 August 2000 in Australia . " My Happiness " entered the ARIA Singles Chart at # 4 , and spent 24 weeks on the chart , making it Powderfinger 's highest charting single in Australia . It peaked at # 7 on the New Zealand singles chart , and spent 23 weeks in the top 50 . Furthermore , " My Happiness " was Powderfinger 's first single to chart in the USA , reaching # 23 on the Modern Rock Tracks chart . 
 " Like a Dog " was released as the third single on 15 January 2001 . The song was heavy in political sentiment , akin to " The Day You Come " on Internationalist . The riff for the song was written by Ian Haug , and the song 's music video featured Australian Aboriginal boxer Anthony Mundine , and was based on the 1980 Martin Scorsese film Raging Bull . Drummer Jon Coghill said the song revolved around the question of " why the hell won ’ t John Howard say sorry to the Aboriginal people ! " " Like a Dog " spent one week on the ARIA Singles Chart , at # 40 . 
 Two songs from the album , " The Metre " and " Waiting for the Sun " , were released as a double A @-@ side to form the final single . The single was released on 21 August 2001 , and included a cover of Iron Maiden 's " Number of the Beast " . " Waiting for the Sun " was written by Fanning as a devotional , gospel style song . He said of the song ; " It ’ s about being in a relationship and being really heavily happy with it . " " The Metre " spent one week on the ARIA Singles Chart , at # 31 . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Odyssey Number Five mostly gained positive reviews , and was more successful than its predecessor , Internationalist . Entertainment Weekly reviewer Marc Weingarten gave the album a B + . He stated that album entered new " terrain " in guitar rock , complimenting the " scratching and clawing guitars " , drawing comparisons to Travis ( " prim " ) and Oasis ( " mock @-@ grandiose " ) . 
 Allmusic reviewer Dean Carlson disliked the album , giving it a rating of one and a half stars . He described it as " little more than a slightly off @-@ base perspective into the world of mid @-@ 90s American grunge " , and described it as highly similar to Neil Young . Carlson 's only praise was for songs " Odyssey # 5 " and " My Happiness " , stating that " [ t ] oo often , Powderfinger is too earnest , a bit too careful in their career " . Carlson noted that despite his critique , the album achieved some success in the American market . 
 Devon Powers of PopMatters complimented Fanning 's vocals , and said the focus of the album was " meaty , rolling ballads " . Powers said that many of the songs on the album were " the kind of songs you put on repeat for hours , or days " . The main critique was for the " faster numbers " , stating that " Like a Dog " " sounds mostly a little bored " . The review concluded by noting that the best songs on Odyssey were those not available as " fleeting radio singles and background music " . 
 Odyssey Number Five won the 2001 ARIA Awards for " Album of the Year " , " Highest Selling Album " , " Best Rock Album " , " Best Cover Art " , and " Best Group " . " My Happiness " won the award for " Single of the Year " , while " Like a Dog " was nominated for " Highest Selling Single " and " Best Video " . At the 2002 ARIA Awards , " The Metre " was nominated for " Best Group " . The album was named " Album of the Year " by Rolling Stone Australia readers , with " My Happiness " taking out " Song of the Year " and Powderfinger receiving " Band of the Year " . 
 
 = = Charts and certifications = = 
 
 
 = = Awards and nominations = = 
 
 
 = = = ARIA Awards = = = 
 
 
 = = = Other accolades = = = 
 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 All songs written by Powderfinger : 
 " Waiting for the Sun " – 3 : 54 
 " My Happiness " – 4 : 36 
 " The Metre " – 4 : 33 
 " Like a Dog " – 4 : 20 
 " Odyssey # 5 " – 1 : 44 
 " Up & Down & Back Again " – 4 : 24 
 " My Kind of Scene " – 4 : 37 
 " These Days " – 4 : 58 
 " We Should Be Together Now " – 3 : 42 
 " Thrilloilogy " – 6 : 10 
 " Whatever Makes You Happy " – 2 : 28 
 " Nature Boy " ( UK release ) – 3 : 37 
 
 = = Personnel = = 
 
 
 
 = Amanita muscaria = 
 
 Amanita muscaria , commonly known as the fly agaric or fly amanita , is a mushroom and psychoactive basidiomycete fungus , one of many in the genus Amanita . Native throughout the temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere , Amanita muscaria has been unintentionally introduced to many countries in the Southern Hemisphere , generally as a symbiont with pine and birch plantations , and is now a true cosmopolitan species . It associates with various deciduous and coniferous trees . 
 This iconic toadstool is a large white @-@ gilled , white @-@ spotted , usually red mushroom , and is one of the most recognisable and widely encountered in popular culture . Several subspecies with differing cap colour have been recognised , including the brown regalis ( often considered a separate species ) , the yellow @-@ orange flavivolvata , guessowii , formosa , and the pinkish persicina . Genetic studies published in 2006 and 2008 show several sharply delineated clades that may represent separate species . 
 Although classified as poisonous , reports of human deaths resulting from its ingestion are extremely rare . After parboiling — which weakens its toxicity and breaks down the mushroom 's psychoactive substances — it is eaten in parts of Europe , Asia , and North America . Amanita muscaria is noted for its hallucinogenic properties , with its main psychoactive constituent being the compound muscimol . The mushroom was used as an intoxicant and entheogen by the peoples of Siberia , and has a religious significance in these cultures . There has been much speculation on possible traditional use of this mushroom as an intoxicant in other places such as the Middle East , Eurasia , North America , and Scandinavia . 
 
 = = Taxonomy and naming = = 
 
 The name of the mushroom in many European languages is thought to be derived from its use as an insecticide when sprinkled in milk . This practice has been recorded from Germanic- and Slavic @-@ speaking parts of Europe , as well as the Vosges region and pockets elsewhere in France , and Romania . Albertus Magnus was the first to record it in his work De vegetabilibus some time before 1256 , commenting vocatur fungus muscarum , eo quod in lacte pulverizatus interficit muscas , " it is called the fly mushroom because it is powdered in milk to kill flies . " 
 The 16th @-@ century Flemish botanist Carolus Clusius traced the practice of sprinkling it into milk to Frankfurt in Germany , while Carl Linnaeus , the " father of taxonomy " , reported it from Småland in southern Sweden , where he had lived as a child . He described it in volume two of his Species Plantarum in 1753 , giving it the name Agaricus muscarius , the specific epithet deriving from Latin musca meaning " fly " . It gained its current name in 1783 , when placed in the genus Amanita by Jean @-@ Baptiste Lamarck , a name sanctioned in 1821 by the " father of mycology " , Swedish naturalist Elias Magnus Fries . The starting date for all the mycota had been set by general agreement as January 1 , 1821 , the date of Fries 's work , and so the full name was then Amanita muscaria ( L. : Fr . ) Hook . The 1987 edition of the International Code of Botanical Nomenclature changed the rules on the starting date and primary work for names of fungi , and names can now be considered valid as far back as May 1 , 1753 , the date of publication of Linnaeus 's work . Hence , Linnaeus and Lamarck are now taken as the namers of Amanita muscaria ( L. ) Lam .. 
 The English mycologist John Ramsbottom reported that Amanita muscaria was used for getting rid of bugs in England and Sweden , and bug agaric was an old alternate name for the species . French mycologist Pierre Bulliard reported having tried without success to replicate its fly @-@ killing properties in his work Histoire des plantes vénéneuses et suspectes de la France ( 1784 ) , and proposed a new binomial name Agaricus pseudo @-@ aurantiacus because of this . One compound isolated from the fungus is 1 @,@ 3 @-@ diolein ( 1 @,@ 3 @-@ Di ( cis @-@ 9 @-@ octadecenoyl ) glycerol ) , which attracts insects . It has been hypothesised that the flies intentionally seek out the fly agaric for its intoxicating properties . An alternative derivation proposes that the term fly- refers not to insects as such but rather the delirium resulting from consumption of the fungus . This is based on the medieval belief that flies could enter a person 's head and cause mental illness . Several regional names appear to be linked with this connotation , meaning the " mad " or " fool 's " version of the highly regarded edible mushroom Amanita caesarea . Hence there is oriol foll " mad oriol " in Catalan , mujolo folo from Toulouse , concourlo fouolo from the Aveyron department in Southern France , ovolo matto from Trentino in Italy . A local dialect name in Fribourg in Switzerland is tsapi de diablhou , which translates as " Devil 's hat " . 
 
 = = = Classification = = = 
 
 Amanita muscaria is the type species of the genus . By extension , it is also the type species of Amanita subgenus Amanita , as well as section Amanita within this subgenus . Amanita subgenus Amanita includes all Amanita with inamyloid spores . Amanita section Amanita includes the species which have very patchy universal veil remnants , including a volva that is reduced to a series of concentric rings and the veil remnants on the cap to a series of patches or warts . Most species in this group also have a bulbous base . Amanita section Amanita consists of A. muscaria and its close relatives , including A. pantherina ( the panther cap ) , A. gemmata , A. farinosa , and A. xanthocephala . Modern fungal taxonomists have classified Amanita muscaria and its allies this way based on gross morphology and spore inamyloidy . Two recent molecular phylogenetic studies have confirmed this classification as natural . 
 Amanita muscaria varies considerably in its morphology , and many authorities recognise several subspecies or varieties within the species . In The Agaricales in Modern Taxonomy , German mycologist Rolf Singer listed three subspecies , though without description : A. muscaria ssp. muscaria , A. muscaria ssp. americana , and A. muscaria ssp. flavivolvata . 
 Contemporary authorities recognise up to seven varieties : 
 A 2006 molecular phylogenetic study of different regional populations of A. muscaria by mycologist József Geml and colleagues found three distinct clades within this species representing , roughly , Eurasian , Eurasian " subalpine " , and North American populations . Specimens belonging to all three clades have been found in Alaska ; this has led to the hypothesis that this was the centre of diversification for this species . The study also looked at four named varieties of the species : var. alba , var. flavivolvata , var. formosa ( including var. guessowii ) , and var. regalis from both areas . All four varieties were found within both the Eurasian and North American clades , evidence that these morphological forms are polymorphisms rather than distinct subspecies or varieties . Further molecular study by Geml and colleagues published in 2008 show that these three genetic groups , plus a fourth associated with oak – hickory – pine forest in the southeastern United States and two more on Santa Cruz Island in California , are delineated from each other enough genetically to be considered separate species ; thus A. muscaria as it stands currently is evidently a species complex . The complex also includes at least three other closely related taxa that are currently regarded as species : A. breckonii is a buff @-@ capped mushroom associated with conifers from the Pacific Northwest , and the brown @-@ capped A. gioiosa and A. heterochroma from the Mediterranean Basin and from Sardinia respectively . Both of these last two are found with Eucalyptus and Cistus trees , and it is unclear whether they are native or introduced from Australia . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 A large , conspicuous mushroom , Amanita muscaria is generally common and numerous where it grows , and is often found in groups with basidiocarps in all stages of development . Fly agaric fruiting bodies emerge from the soil looking like white eggs . After emerging from the ground , the cap is covered with numerous small white to yellow pyramid @-@ shaped warts . These are remnants of the universal veil , a membrane that encloses the entire mushroom when it is still very young . Dissecting the mushroom at this stage will reveal a characteristic yellowish layer of skin under the veil ; this is helpful in identification . As the fungus grows , the red colour appears through the broken veil and the warts become less prominent ; they do not change in size , but are reduced relative to the expanding skin area . The cap changes from globose to hemispherical , and finally to plate @-@ like and flat in mature specimens . Fully grown , the bright red cap is usually around 8 – 20 cm ( 3 – 8 in ) in diameter , although larger specimens have been found . The red colour may fade after rain and in older mushrooms . 
 The free gills are white , as is the spore print . The oval spores measure 9 – 13 by 6 @.@ 5 – 9 μm ; they do not turn blue with the application of iodine . The stipe is white , 5 – 20 cm high ( 2 – 8 in ) by 1 – 2 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 0 @.@ 8 in ) wide , and has the slightly brittle , fibrous texture typical of many large mushrooms . At the base is a bulb that bears universal veil remnants in the form of two to four distinct rings or ruffs . Between the basal universal veil remnants and gills are remnants of the partial veil ( which covers the gills during development ) in the form of a white ring . It can be quite wide and flaccid with age . There is generally no associated smell other than a mild earthiness . 
 Although very distinctive in appearance , the fly agaric has been mistaken for other yellow to red mushroom species in the Americas , such as Armillaria cf. mellea and the edible Amanita basii — a Mexican species similar to A. caesarea of Europe . Poison control centres in the U.S. and Canada have become aware that amarill ( Spanish for ' yellow ' ) is a common name for the A. caesarea @-@ like species in Mexico . Amanita caesarea can be distinguished by its entirely orange to red cap which lacks the numerous white warty spots of the fly agaric . Furthermore , the stem , gills and ring of A. caesarea are bright yellow , not white . The volva is a distinct white bag , not broken into scales . In Australia , the introduced fly agaric may be confused with the native vermilion grisette ( Amanita xanthocephala ) , which grows in association with eucalypts . The latter species generally lacks the white warts of A. muscaria and bears no ring . 
 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 
 Amanita muscaria is a cosmopolitan mushroom , native to conifer and deciduous woodlands throughout the temperate and boreal regions of the Northern Hemisphere , including higher elevations of warmer latitudes in regions such as Hindu Kush , the Mediterranean and also Central America . A recent molecular study proposes that it had an ancestral origin in the Siberian – Beringian region in the Tertiary period , before radiating outwards across Asia , Europe and North America . The season for fruiting varies in different climates : fruiting occurs in summer and autumn across most of North America , but later in autumn and early winter on the Pacific coast . This species is often found in similar locations to Boletus edulis , and may appear in fairy rings . Conveyed with pine seedlings , it has been widely transported into the southern hemisphere , including Australia , New Zealand , South Africa and South America , where it can be found in the southern Brazilian states of Paraná and Rio Grande do Sul . 
 Ectomycorrhizal , Amanita muscaria forms symbiotic relationships with many trees , including pine , spruce , fir , birch , and cedar . Commonly seen under introduced trees , A. muscaria is the fungal equivalent of a weed in New Zealand , Tasmania and Victoria , forming new associations with southern beech ( Nothofagus ) . The species is also invading a rainforest in Australia , where it may be displacing the native species . It appears to be spreading northwards , with recent reports placing it near Port Macquarie on the New South Wales north coast . It was recorded under silver birch ( Betula pendula ) in Manjimup , Western Australia in 2010 . Although it has apparently not spread to eucalypts in Australia , it has been recorded associating with them in Portugal . 
 
 = = Toxicity = = 
 
 Amanita muscaria poisoning has occurred in young children and in people who ingested the mushrooms for a hallucinogenic experience . Occasionally it has been ingested in error , because immature button forms resemble puffballs . The white spots sometimes wash away during heavy rain and the mushrooms then may appear to be the edible A. caesarea . 
 Amanita muscaria contains several biologically active agents , at least one of which , muscimol , is known to be psychoactive . Ibotenic acid , a neurotoxin , serves as a prodrug to muscimol , with approximately 10 – 20 % converting to muscimol after ingestion . An active dose in adults is approximately 6 mg muscimol or 30 to 60 mg ibotenic acid ; this is typically about the amount found in one cap of Amanita muscaria . The amount and ratio of chemical compounds per mushroom varies widely from region to region and season to season , which can further confuse the issue . Spring and summer mushrooms have been reported to contain up to 10 times more ibotenic acid and muscimol than autumn fruitings . 
 A fatal dose has been calculated as 15 caps . Deaths from this fungus A. muscaria have been reported in historical journal articles and newspaper reports , but with modern medical treatment , fatal poisoning from ingesting this mushroom is extremely rare . Many older books list Amanita muscaria as " deadly " , but this is an error that implies the mushroom is more toxic than it is . The North American Mycological Association has stated there were no reliably documented fatalities from eating this mushroom during the 20th century . The vast majority ( 90 % or more ) of mushroom poisoning deaths are from eating the greenish to yellowish " death cap " , ( A. phalloides ) or perhaps even one of the several white Amanita species which are known as destroying angels . 
 The active constituents of this species are water @-@ soluble , and boiling and then discarding the cooking water at least partly detoxifies A. muscaria . Drying may increase potency , as the process facilitates the conversion of ibotenic acid to the more potent muscimol . According to some sources , once detoxified , the mushroom becomes edible . 
 
 = = = Pharmacology = = = 
 
 Muscarine , discovered in 1869 , was long thought to be the active hallucinogenic agent in A. muscaria . Muscarine binds with muscarinic acetylcholine receptors leading to the excitation of neurons bearing these receptors . The levels of muscarine in Amanita muscaria are minute when compared with other poisonous fungi such as Inocybe erubescens , the small white Clitocybe species C. dealbata and C. rivulosa . The level of muscarine in A. muscaria is too low to play a role in the symptoms of poisoning . 
 The major toxins involved in A. muscaria poisoning are muscimol ( 3 @-@ hydroxy @-@ 5 @-@ aminomethyl @-@ 1 @-@ isoxazole , an unsaturated cyclic hydroxamic acid ) and the related amino acid ibotenic acid . Muscimol is the product of the decarboxylation ( usually by drying ) of ibotenic acid . Muscimol and ibotenic acid were discovered in the mid @-@ 20th century . Researchers in England , Japan , and Switzerland showed that the effects produced were due mainly to ibotenic acid and muscimol , not muscarine . These toxins are not distributed uniformly in the mushroom . Most are detected in the cap of the fruit , a moderate amount in the base , with the smallest amount in the stalk . Quite rapidly , between 20 and 90 minutes after ingestion , a substantial fraction of ibotenic acid is excreted unmetabolised in the urine of the consumer . Almost no muscimol is excreted when pure ibotenic acid is eaten , but muscimol is detectable in the urine after eating A. muscaria , which contains both ibotenic acid and muscimol . 
 Ibotenic acid and muscimol are structurally related to each other and to two major neurotransmitters of the central nervous system : glutamic acid and GABA respectively . Ibotenic acid and muscimol act like these neurotransmitters , muscimol being a potent GABAA agonist , while ibotenic acid is an agonist of NMDA glutamate receptors and certain metabotropic glutamate receptors which are involved in the control of neuronal activity . It is these interactions which are thought to cause the psychoactive effects found in intoxication . Muscimol is the agent responsible for the majority of the psychoactivity . 
 Muscazone is another compound that has more recently been isolated from European specimens of the fly agaric . It is a product of the breakdown of ibotenic acid by ultra @-@ violet radiation . Muscazone is of minor pharmacological activity compared with the other agents . Amanita muscaria and related species are known as effective bioaccumulators of vanadium ; some species concentrate vanadium to levels of up to 400 times those typically found in plants . Vanadium is present in fruit @-@ bodies as an organometallic compound called amavadine . The biological importance of the accumulation process is unknown . 
 
 = = = Symptoms = = = 
 
 Fly agarics are known for the unpredictability of their effects . Depending on habitat and the amount ingested per body weight , effects can range from nausea and twitching to drowsiness , cholinergic crisis @-@ like effects ( low blood pressure , sweating and salivation ) , auditory and visual distortions , mood changes , euphoria , relaxation , ataxia , and loss of equilibrium . 
 In cases of serious poisoning the mushroom causes delirium , somewhat similar in effect to anticholinergic poisoning ( such as that caused by Datura stramonium ) , characterised by bouts of marked agitation with confusion , hallucinations , and irritability followed by periods of central nervous system depression . Seizures and coma may also occur in severe poisonings . Symptoms typically appear after around 30 to 90 minutes and peak within three hours , but certain effects can last for several days . In the majority of cases recovery is complete within 12 to 24 hours . The effect is highly variable between individuals , with similar doses potentially causing quite different reactions . Some people suffering intoxication have exhibited headaches up to ten hours afterwards . Retrograde amnesia and somnolence can result following recovery . 
 
 = = = Treatment = = = 
 
 Medical attention should be sought in cases of suspected poisoning . If the delay between ingestion and treatment is less than four hours , activated charcoal is given . Gastric lavage can be considered if the patient presents within one hour of ingestion . Inducing vomiting with syrup of ipecac is no longer recommended in any poisoning situations . 
 There is no antidote , and supportive care is the mainstay of further treatment for intoxication . Though sometimes referred to as a deliriant and while muscarine was first isolated from A. muscaria and as such is its namesake , muscimol does not have action , either as an agonist or antagonist , at the muscarinic acetylcholine receptor site , and therefore atropine or physostigmine as an antidote is not recommended . If a patient is delirious or agitated , this can usually be treated by reassurance and , if necessary , physical restraints . A benzodiazepine such as diazepam or lorazepam can be used to control combativeness , agitation , muscular overactivity , and seizures . Only small doses should be used , as they may worsen the respiratory depressant effects of muscimol . Recurrent vomiting is rare , but if present may lead to fluid and electrolyte imbalances ; intravenous rehydration or electrolyte replacement may be required . Serious cases may develop loss of consciousness or coma , and may need intubation and artificial ventilation . Hemodialysis can remove the toxins , although this intervention is generally considered unnecessary . With modern medical treatment the prognosis is typically good following supportive treatment . 
 
 = = = Psychoactive use = = = 
 
 The wide range of psychedelic effects can be variously described as depressant , sedative @-@ hypnotic , dissociative , and deliriant ; paradoxical effects may occur . Perceptual phenomena such as macropsia and micropsia may occur , which may have been the inspiration for the effect of mushroom @-@ consumption in Lewis Carroll 's Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , although " no evidence has ever been found that linked Carroll to recreational drug use " . Additionally , A. muscaria cannot be commercially cultivated , due to its mycorrhizal relationship with the roots of pine trees . However , following the outlawing of psilocybin mushrooms in the United Kingdom in 2006 , the sale of the still legal A. muscaria began increasing . 
 Professor Marija Gimbutas , a renowned Lithuanian historian , reported to R. Gordon Wasson on the use of this mushroom in Lithuania . In remote areas of Lithuania Amanita muscaria has been consumed at wedding feasts , in which mushrooms were mixed with vodka . The professor also reported that the Lithuanians used to export A. muscaria to the Lapps in the Far North for use in shamanic rituals . The Lithuanian festivities are the only report that Wasson received of ingestion of fly agaric for religious use in Eastern Europe . 
 
 = = = Siberia = = = 
 
 Amanita muscaria was widely used as an entheogen by many of the indigenous peoples of Siberia . Its use was known among almost all of the Uralic @-@ speaking peoples of western Siberia and the Paleosiberian @-@ speaking peoples of the Russian Far East . There are only isolated reports of A. muscaria use among the Tungusic and Turkic peoples of central Siberia and it is believed that on the whole entheogenic use of A. muscaria was not practised by these peoples . In western Siberia , the use of A. muscaria was restricted to shamans , who used it as an alternative method of achieving a trance state . ( Normally , Siberian shamans achieve trance by prolonged drumming and dancing . ) In eastern Siberia , A. muscaria was used by both shamans and laypeople alike , and was used recreationally as well as religiously . In eastern Siberia , the shaman would take the mushrooms , and others would drink his urine . This urine , still containing psychoactive elements , may be more potent than the A. muscaria mushrooms with fewer negative effects such as sweating and twitching , suggesting that the initial user may act as a screening filter for other components in the mushroom . 
 The Koryak of eastern Siberia have a story about the fly agaric ( wapaq ) which enabled Big Raven to carry a whale to its home . In the story , the deity Vahiyinin ( " Existence " ) spat onto earth , and his spittle became the wapaq , and his saliva becomes the warts . After experiencing the power of the wapaq , Raven was so exhilarated that he told it to grow forever on earth so his children , the people , could learn from it . Among the Koryaks , one report said that the poor would consume the urine of the wealthy , who could afford to buy the mushrooms . 
 
 = = = Other reports of use = = = 
 
 The Finnish historian T. I. Itkonen mentions that A. muscaria was once used among the Sami people : sorcerers in Inari would consume fly agarics with seven spots . In 1979 , Said Gholam Mochtar and Hartmut Geerken published an article in which they claim to have discovered a tradition of medicinal and recreational use of this mushroom among a Parachi @-@ speaking group in Afghanistan . There are also unconfirmed reports of religious use of A. muscaria among two Subarctic Native American tribes . Ojibwa ethnobotanist Keewaydinoquay Peschel reported its use among her people , where it was known as the miskwedo . This information was enthusiastically received by Wasson , although evidence from other sources was lacking . There is also one account of a Euro @-@ American who claims to have been initiated into traditional Tlicho use of Amanita muscaria . 
 
 = = = Vikings = = = 
 
 The notion that Vikings used A. muscaria to produce their berserker rages was first suggested by the Swedish professor Samuel Ödmann in 1784 . Ödmann based his theories on reports about the use of fly agaric among Siberian shamans . The notion has become widespread since the 19th century , but no contemporary sources mention this use or anything similar in their description of berserkers . Muscimol is generally a mild relaxant , but it can create a range of different reactions within a group of people . It is possible that it could make a person angry , or cause them to be " very jolly or sad , jump about , dance , sing or give way to great fright " . 
 
 = = Fly trap = = 
 
 Amanita muscaria is traditionally used for catching flies possibly due to its content of ibotenic acid and muscimol . Recently , an analysis of nine different methods for preparing A. muscaria for catching flies in Slovenia have shown that the release of ibotenic acid and muscimol did not depend on the solvent ( milk or water ) and that thermal and mechanical processing led to faster extraction of ibotenic acid and muscimol . 
 
 = = In Religion = = 
 
 
 = = = Soma = = = 
 
 In 1968 , R. Gordon Wasson proposed that A. muscaria was the Soma talked about in the Rig Veda of India , a claim which received widespread publicity and popular support at the time . He noted that descriptions of Soma omitted any description of roots , stems or seeds , which suggested a mushroom , and used the adjective hári " dazzling " or " flaming " which the author interprets as meaning red . One line described men urinating Soma ; this recalled the practice of recycling urine in Siberia . Soma is mentioned as coming " from the mountains " , which Wasson interpreted as the mushroom having been brought in with the Aryan invaders from the north . Indian scholars Santosh Kumar Dash and Sachinanda Padhy pointed out that both eating of mushrooms and drinking of urine were proscribed , using as a source the Manusmṛti . In 1971 , Vedic scholar John Brough from Cambridge University rejected Wasson 's theory and noted that the language was too vague to determine a description of Soma . In his 1976 survey , Hallucinogens and Culture , anthropologist Peter T. Furst evaluated the evidence for and against the identification of the fly agaric mushroom as the Vedic Soma , concluding cautiously in its favour . 
 
 = = = Christianity = = = 
 
 Philologist , archeologist , and Dead Sea Scrolls scholar John Marco Allegro postulated that early Christian theology was derived from a fertility cult revolving around the entheogenic consumption of A. muscaria in his 1970 book The Sacred Mushroom and the Cross , but his theory has found little support by scholars outside the field of ethnomycology . The book was roundly discredited by academics and theologians , including Sir Godfrey Driver , Emeritus Professor of Semitic Philology at Oxford University , and Henry Chadwick , the Dean of Christ Church , Oxford . Christian author John C. King wrote a detailed rebuttal of Allegro 's theory in the 1970 book A Christian View of the Mushroom Myth ; he notes that neither fly agarics nor their host trees are found in the Middle East , even though cedars and pines are found there , and highlights the tenuous nature of the links between biblical and Sumerian names coined by Allegro . He concludes that if the theory was true , the use of the mushroom must have been " the best kept secret in the world " as it was so well concealed for two thousand years . 
 
 = = Culinary use = = 
 
 The toxins in A. muscaria are water @-@ soluble . When sliced thinly , or finely diced and boiled in plentiful water until thoroughly cooked , it seems to be detoxified . Although its consumption as a food has never been widespread , the consumption of detoxified A. muscaria has been practiced in some parts of Europe ( notably by Russian settlers in Siberia ) since at least the 19th century , and likely earlier . The German physician and naturalist Georg Heinrich von Langsdorff wrote the earliest published account on how to detoxify this mushroom in 1823 . In the late 19th century , the French physician Félix Archimède Pouchet was a populariser and advocate of A. muscaria consumption , comparing it to manioc , an important food source in tropical South America that must be detoxified before consumption . 
 Use of this mushroom as a food source also seems to have existed in North America . A classic description of this use of A. muscaria by an African @-@ American mushroom seller in Washington , D.C. , in the late 19th century is described by American botanist Frederick Vernon Coville . In this case , the mushroom , after parboiling , and soaking in vinegar , is made into a mushroom sauce for steak . It is also consumed as a food in parts of Japan . The most well @-@ known current use as an edible mushroom is in Nagano Prefecture , Japan . There , it is primarily salted and pickled . 
 A 2008 paper by food historian William Rubel and mycologist David Arora gives a history of consumption of A. muscaria as a food and describes detoxification methods . They advocate that Amanita muscaria be described in field guides as an edible mushroom , though accompanied by a description on how to detoxify it . The authors state that the widespread descriptions in field guides of this mushroom as poisonous is a reflection of cultural bias , as several other popular edible species , notably morels , are toxic unless properly cooked . 
 
 = = Legal Status = = 
 
 
 = = = Australia = = = 
 
 Muscimol found within Amanita muscaria is considered a Schedule 9 prohibited substance in Australia under the Poisons Standard ( October 2015 ) . A Schedule 9 substance is a substance which may be abused or misused , the manufacture , possession , sale or use of which should be prohibited by law except when required for medical or scientific research , or for analytical , teaching or training purposes with approval of Commonwealth and / or State or Territory Health Authorities . 
 
 = = = The Netherlands = = = 
 
 Amanita muscaria and Amanita pantherina are illegal to buy , sell , or possess since December 2008 . Possession of amounts larger than 0.5g dried or 5g fresh lead to a criminal charge . 
 
 = = = United Kingdom = = = 
 
 It is illegal to produce , supply , or import this drug under the Psychoactive Substance Act , which came into effect on May 26th , 2016 . 
 
 = = Cultural depictions = = 
 
 The red @-@ and @-@ white spotted toadstool is a common image in many aspects of popular culture . Garden ornaments and children 's picture books depicting gnomes and fairies , such as the Smurfs , often show fly agarics used as seats , or homes . Fly agarics have been featured in paintings since the Renaissance , albeit in a subtle manner . In the Victorian era they became more visible , becoming the main topic of some fairy paintings . Two of the most famous uses of the mushroom are in the video game series Super Mario Bros. ( specifically two of the power @-@ up items and the platforms in several stages ) , and the dancing mushroom sequence in the 1940 Disney film Fantasia . 
 
 = = = Literature = = = 
 
 An account of the journeys of Philip von Strahlenberg to Siberia and his descriptions of the use of the mukhomor there was published in English in 1736 . The drinking of urine of those who had consumed the mushroom was commented on by Anglo @-@ Irish writer Oliver Goldsmith in his widely read 1762 novel , Citizen of the World . The mushroom had been identified as the fly agaric by this time . Other authors recorded the distortions of the size of perceived objects while intoxicated by the fungus , including naturalist Mordecai Cubitt Cooke in his books The Seven Sisters of Sleep and A Plain and Easy Account of British Fungi . This observation is thought to have formed the basis of the effects of eating the mushroom in the 1865 popular story Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland . A hallucinogenic " scarlet toadstool " from Lappland is featured as a plot element in Charles Kingsley 's 1866 novel Hereward the Wake based on the medieval figure of the same name . Thomas Pynchon 's 1973 novel Gravity 's Rainbow describes the fungus as a " relative of the poisonous Destroying Angel " and presents a detailed description of a character preparing a cookie bake mixture from harvested Amanita muscaria . Fly agaric shamanism is also explored in the 2003 novel Thursbitch by Alan Garner . 
 
 
 = Burning of women in England = 
 
 In England , burning was a legal punishment inflicted on women found guilty of high treason , petty treason and heresy . Over a period of several centuries , female convicts were publicly burnt at the stake , sometimes alive , for a range of activities including coining and mariticide . 
 While men guilty of heresy were also burned at the stake , those who committed high treason were instead hanged , drawn and quartered . The English jurist William Blackstone supposed that the difference in sentencing , although " full as terrible to the sensation as the other " , could be explained by the desire not to publicly expose a woman 's body . Public executions were well @-@ attended affairs , and contemporary reports detail the cries of women on the pyre as they were burned alive . It later became commonplace for the executioner to strangle the convict , and for the body to be burned post @-@ mortem . 
 In the latter half of the eighteenth century , changing attitudes to such public displays prompted Sir Benjamin Hammett MP to denounce the practice in Parliament . His bill , by no means the first such attempt to end the public burning of women , led to the Treason Act 1790 , which abolished the sentence . 
 
 = = Crimes punishable by burning = = 
 
 
 = = = Treason = = = 
 
 By the end of the thirteenth century , several offences against either one 's lord , or one 's king , were treasonable . High treason , defined as transgressions against the sovereign , was first codified during King Edward III 's reign by the Treason Act 1351 . It clarified exactly what crimes constituted treason , following earlier , somewhat " over zealous " interpretations of England 's legal codes . For instance , high treason could be committed by anyone found to be compassing the king 's death or counterfeiting his coin . High treason remained distinct though , from what became known as petty treason : the killing of a lawful superior , such as a husband by his wife . Though twelfth century contemporary authors made few attempts to differentiate between high treason and petty treason , enhanced punishments may indicate that the latter was treated more seriously than an ordinary felony . 
 As the most egregious offence an individual could commit , viewed as seriously as though the accused had personally attacked the monarch , high treason demanded the ultimate punishment . But whereas men guilty of this crime were hanged , drawn and quartered , women were drawn and burned . In his Commentaries on the Laws of England the 18th @-@ century English jurist William Blackstone noted that the sentence , " to be drawn to the gallows , and there to be burned alive " , was " full as terrible to the sensation as the other " . Blackstone wrote that women were burned rather than quartered as " the decency due to the sex forbids the exposing and publicly mangling their bodies " . However , an observation by historian Jules Michelet , that " the first flame to rise consumed the clothes , revealing poor trembling nakedness " , may , in the opinion of historian Vic Gatrell , suggest that this solution is " misconceived " . In The Hanging Tree , Gatrell concludes that the occasional live burial of women in Europe gave tacit acknowledgement to the possibility that a struggling , kicking female hanging from a noose could " elicit obscene fantasies " from watching males . 
 
 = = = Heresy = = = 
 
 Another law enforceable by public burning was De heretico comburendo , introduced in 1401 during the reign of Henry IV . It allowed for the execution of persons of both sexes found guilty of heresy , thought to be " sacrilegious and dangerous to souls , but also seditious and treasonable . " Bishops were empowered to arrest and imprison anyone suspected of offences related to heresy and , once convicted , send them to be burned " in the presence of the people in a lofty place " . Although the act was repealed in 1533 / 34 , it was revived over 20 years later at the request of Queen Mary I who , during the Marian persecutions , made frequent use of the punishment it allowed . 
 De heretico comburendo was repealed by the Act of Supremacy 1558 , although that act allowed ecclesiastical commissions to deal with occasional instances of heresy . Persons declared guilty , such as Bartholomew Legate and Edward Wightman , could still be burned under a writ of de heretico comburendo issued by the Court of Chancery . The burning of heretics was finally ended by the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction Act 1677 which , although it allowed ecclesiastical courts to charge people with " atheism , blasphemy , heresy , schism , or other damnable doctrine or opinion " , limited their power to excommunication . 
 
 = = Execution of the sentence = = 
 
 Public executions were normally attended by large crowds . For the killing in 1546 of Anne Askew , charged with heresy and tortured at the Tower of London , a " Substancyall Stage " was built to seat the various officials who presided over her burning . A witness to proceedings reported that Askew was so badly injured by her torture that she was unable to stand . Instead , " the dounge carte was holden up betwene ij sarjantes , perhaptes syttyng there in a cheare " . 
 A pamphlet detailing the burning in April 1652 of Joan Peterson , the so @-@ called Witch of Wapping , also describes the execution of Prudence Lee , found guilty of mariticide . Lee was apparently brought on foot , between two sheriff 's officers and dressed in a red waistcoat , to the place of execution in Smithfield . There she confessed to having " been a very lewd liver , and much given to cursing and swearing , for which the Lord being offended with her , had suffered her to be brought to that untimely end " . She admitted to being jealous of and arguing with her husband , and stabbing him with a knife . The executioner put her in a pitch barrel , tied her to the stake , placed the fuel and faggots around her and set them alight . Lee was reported to have " desired all that were present to pray for her " and , feeling the flames , " shrike [ d ] out terribly some five or six several times . " Burning alive for murder was abolished in 1656 , although burning for adultery remained . Thereafter , out of mercy , the condemned were often strangled before the flames took hold . Notable exceptions to this practice were the burnings in 1685 and 1726 of Elizabeth Gaunt , found guilty of high treason for her part in the Rye House Plot , and Catherine Hayes , for petty treason . Hayes apparently " rent the air with her cries and lamentations " when the fire was lit too early , preventing the executioner from strangling her in time . She became the last woman in England to be burned alive . 
 The law also allowed for the hanging of children aged seven years or more . Mary Troke , " but sixteen years of age " , was burned at Winchester in 1738 for poisoning her mistress . An unidentified 14 @-@ year @-@ old girl imprisoned at Newgate was more fortunate . Found guilty in 1777 of being an accomplice to treason , for concealing whitewashed farthings on her person ( at her master 's request ) , she had been sentenced to burn . She was saved by the intervention of Thomas Thynne , 1st Marquess of Bath , who happened to be passing . 
 
 = = Changing attitudes = = 
 
 In 1786 , Phoebe Harris and her accomplices were " indicted , for that they , on the 11th of February last , one piece of false , feigned , and counterfeit money and coin , to the likeness and similitude of the good , legal , and silver coin of this realm , called a shilling , falsely , deceitfully , feloniously , and traiterously did counterfeit and coin " . Watched by a reported 20 @,@ 000 people , she was led to the stake and stood on a stool , where a noose , attached to an iron bolt driven into the top of the stake , was placed around her neck . As prayers were read , the stool was taken away and over the course of several minutes , her feet kicking as her body convulsed , Harris choked to death . About 30 minutes later , faggots were placed around the stake , her body was chained into position , and subsequently burned for over two hours . 
 Executions like this had once passed with little to no comment in the press . Historically , while fewer women than men were subjected to capital punishment , proportionately more were acquitted , found guilty of lesser charges , or pardoned if condemned . In centuries past , these women were judged by publications such as The Newgate Calendar to have succumbed to their own perversions , or to have been led astray . But while 18th and 19th @-@ century women guilty of treasonable crimes were still seen as villains , increasingly , the cause of their descent was ascribed to villainous men . Those people concerned about the brutality inflicted on condemned women were , in Gatrell 's opinion , " activated by the sense that even at their worst women were creatures to be pitied and protected from themselves , and perhaps revered , like all women from whom men were born . " Commenting on Harris 's execution , The Daily Universal Register claimed that the act reflected " a scandal upon the law " , " a disgrace to the police " and " was not only inhuman , but shamefully indelicate and shocking " . The newspaper asked " why should the law in this species of offence inflict a severer punishment upon a woman , than upon a man " ? 
 Harris 's fate prompted William Wilberforce to sponsor a bill which , if passed , would have abolished the practice . But as one of its proposals would have allowed the anatomical dissection of criminals other than murderers , the House of Lords rejected it . Though sympathetic to reform of England 's Bloody Code , Lord Chief Justice Loughborough saw no need to change the law : " Although the punishment , as a spectacle , was rather attended with circumstances of horror , likely to make a more strong impression on the beholders than mere hanging , the effect was much the same , as in fact , no greater degree of personal pain was sustained , the criminal being always strangled before the flames were suffered to approach the body " . 
 When on 25 June 1788 Margaret Sullivan was hanged and burned for coining , the same newspaper ( by then called The Times ) wrote : 
 There is something so inhuman in burning a woman , for what only subjects a man to hanging , that human nature shudders at the idea . Must not mankind laugh as our long speeches against African slavery — and our fine sentiments on Indian cruelties , when just in the very eye of the Sovereign we roast a female fellow creature alive , for putting a pennyworth of quicksilver on a half @-@ penny worth of brass . The savage barbarity of the punishment — and the smallness of the offence in the eye of God are contrasts that should meet the consideration of Government . 
 The Gentleman 's Magazine addressed the Prime Minister , William Pitt the Younger : 
 the woman was brought out attended by a priest of the Romish persuasion , and as soon as she came to the stake she was placed upon a stool , which was instantly removed from under her , and she left suspended , when the faggots were placed around her , and being set on fire she was soon consumed to ashes . — Mr. Pitt , himself a lawyer , ' tis hoped , will not suffer this cruel remain of savage legislation to escape his notice , and continue a disgrace to the enlightened sense of this country . 
 Although in his objections to Wilberforce 's 1786 bill Loughborough had noted that these women were dead long before they suffered the flames , many newspapers of the day made no such distinction . The Times incorrectly stated that Sullivan was burned alive , rhetoric which , in Dr Simon Devereaux 's opinion , could be " rooted in the growing reverence for domesticated womanhood " that might have been expected at the time . As many objections may also have been raised by the perceived iniquity of drawing and burning women for coining , whereas until 1783 , when the halting of executions at Tyburn removed ritualistic dragging from public view , men were simply drawn and hanged . A widening gulf between the numbers of men and women whipped in London ( during the 1790s , 393 men versus 47 women ) , which mirrors a similar decline in the sending of women to the pillory , may also indicate an imposition of commonly @-@ held gender ideals on English penal practices . 
 
 = = Abolition = = 
 
 The burning in 1789 of Christian Murphy , for coining , received practically no attention from the newspapers ( perhaps owing to practical limitations on how much news they could publish across only four pages ) , but it may have been enacted by Sir Benjamin Hammett , a former sheriff of London . Hammett was also an MP , and in 1790 he introduced to Parliament a Bill for Altering the Sentence of Burning Women . He denounced the punishment as " the savage remains of Norman policy " which " disgraced our statutes " , as " the practice did the common law " . He also highlighted how a sheriff who refused to carry out the sentence was liable to prosecution . William Wilberforce and Hammett were not the first men to attempt to end the burning of women . Almost 140 years earlier , during the Interregnum , a group of lawyers and laymen known as the Hale Commission ( after its chairman Matthew Hale ) , was tasked by the House of Commons to take " into consideration what inconveniences there are in the law " . Among the proposed reforms was the replacement of burning at the stake with hanging , but , mainly through the objections of various interested parties , none of the commission 's proposals made it into law during the Rump Parliament . Hammett was confident though . He believed that public opinion was on his side and that " the House would go with him in the cause of humanity " . The change in execution venues , from Tyburn to Newgate , also attracted criticism . Following Phoebe Harris 's burning in 1786 , as well as questioning the inequality of English law The Times complained about the location of the punishment and its effect on locals : 
 When remission of burning was refused , the scene of inhumanity should have been changed ; the consequences have been serious ; several persons in the neighbourhood of Newgate lying ill , have been severely affected by the smoke which issued from the body of the unhappy female victim . 
 Another factor was the fate of Sophia Girton , found guilty of coining . Hammett 's bill was introduced only four days before Girton 's fate was to be decided , but a petition for her respite from burning , supported by another sheriff of London ( either Thomas Baker or William Newman ) and brought to King George III 's notice by William Grenville , proved successful . Devereaux suggests that her impending fate lent weight to the eventual outcome of Hammett 's bill , which was to abolish the burning of women for treason through the Treason Act 1790 . Christian Murphy , who at her execution in 1789 was " drest in a clean striped gown , a white ribbon , and a black ribbon round her cap " , was the last woman in England to be burned . 
 
 
 = Strand , London = 
 
 Strand ( or the Strand ) is a major thoroughfare in the City of Westminster , Central London . It runs just over 3 ⁄ 4 mile ( 1 @,@ 200 m ) from Trafalgar Square eastwards to Temple Bar , where the road becomes Fleet Street inside the City of London , and is part of the A4 , a main road running west from inner London . 
 The road 's name comes from the Old English strond , meaning the edge of a river , as it historically ran alongside the north bank of the River Thames . The street was popular with the British upper classes between the 12th and 17th centuries , with many historically important mansions being built between the Strand and the river . These included Essex House , Arundel House , Somerset House , Savoy Palace , Durham House and Cecil House . The aristocracy moved to the West End over the 17th century , following which the Strand became well known for coffee shops , restaurants and taverns . The street was a centre point for theatre and music hall during the 19th century , and several venues remain on the Strand . At the east end of the street are two historic churches ; St Mary le Strand and St Clement Danes . 
 Several authors , poets and philosophers have lived on or near the Strand , including Charles Dickens , Ralph Waldo Emerson and Virginia Woolf . The street has been commemorated in the song , " Let 's All Go Down the Strand " , now recognised as a typical piece of Cockney music hall . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 The street is the main link between the two cities of Westminster and London . It runs eastward from Trafalgar Square , parallel to the River Thames , to Temple Bar which is the boundary between the two city districts ; the road ahead being Fleet Street . Traffic travelling eastbound follows a short crescent around Aldwych , connected at both ends to the Strand . The road marks the southern boundary of the Covent Garden district and forms part of the Northbank business improvement district . 
 The name was first recorded in 1002 as strondway , then in 1185 as Stronde and in 1220 as la Stranda . It is formed from the Old English word ' strond ' , meaning the edge of a river . Initially it referred to the shallow bank of the once much wider Thames , before the construction of the Victoria Embankment . The name was later applied to the road itself . In the 13th century it was known as ' Densemanestret ' or ' street of the Danes ' , referring to the community of Danes in the area . 
 Two London Underground stations were once named Strand : a Piccadilly line station ( which was renamed Aldwych station ) that operated between 1907 and 1994 and a former Northern line station which today forms part of Charing Cross station . ' Strand Bridge ' was the name given to Waterloo Bridge during its construction ; it was renamed for its official opening on the second anniversary of the coalition victory in the Battle of Waterloo . London Bus routes 6 , 23 , 139 and 176 all run along the Strand , as do numerous night bus services . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 During Roman Britain , what is now the Strand was part of the route to Silchester , known as " Iter VIII " on the Antonine Itinerary , and which later became known by the name Akeman Street . It was briefly part of a trading town called Lundenwic that developed around 600 AD , and stretched from Trafalgar Square to Aldwych . Alfred the Great gradually moved the settlement into the old Roman town of Londinium from around 886 AD onwards , leaving no mark of the old town , and the area returned to fields . 
 In the Middle Ages , the Strand became the principal route between the separate settlements of the City of London ( the civil and commercial centre ) and the royal Palace of Westminster ( the national political centre ) . In the archaeological record , there is considerable evidence of occupation to the north of Aldwych , but much along the former foreshore has been covered by rubble from the demolition of the Tudor Somerset Place , a former royal residence , to create a large platform for the building of the first Somerset House , in the 17th century . The landmark Eleanor 's Cross was built in the 13th century at the western end of the Strand at Charing Cross by Edward I commemorating his wife Eleanor of Castile . It was demolished in 1647 by the request of Parliament during the First English Civil War , but reconstructed in 1865 . 
 The west part of the Strand was in the parish of St Martin in the Fields and in the east it extended into the parishes of St Clement Danes and St Mary le Strand . Most of its length was in the Liberty of Westminster , although part of the eastern section in St Clement Danes was in the Ossulstone hundred of Middlesex . The precinct of the Savoy , located approximately where the approach to Waterloo Bridge is now , had the Strand as its northern boundary . All of these parishes and places became part of the Strand District in 1855 , except St Martin in the Fields which was governed separately . The Strand District Board of Works was based at No. 22 , Tavistock Street . Strand District was abolished in October 1900 and became part of the Metropolitan Borough of Westminster . 
 
 = = = Palaces = = = 
 
 From the 12th century onwards , large mansions lined the Strand including several palaces and townhouses inhabited by bishops and royal courtiers , mainly located on the south side , with their own river gates and landings directly on the Thames . The road was poorly maintained , with many pits and sloughs , and a paving order was issued in 1532 to improve traffic . 
 What later became Essex House on the Strand was originally an Outer Temple of the Knights Templar in the 11th century . In 1313 , ownership passed to the Knights of St John . Henry VIII gave the house to William , Baron Paget in the early 16th century . Robert Dudley , Earl of Leicester , rebuilt the house in 1563 , originally calling it Leicester House . It was renamed Essex House after being inherited by Robert Devereux , 2nd Earl of Essex , in 1588 . It was demolished around 1674 and Essex Street , leading up to the Strand , was built on the location by property speculator Nicholas Barbon . 
 Arundel House was originally the town house of the Bishops of Bath and Wells . It was owned by William FitzWilliam , 1st Earl of Southampton between 1539 and his death in 1542 , with ownership passing to Thomas Seymour in 1545 . After Seymour was executed in 1549 , the property was sold to Henry FitzAlan , Earl of Arundel , and was owned by the Earldom for much of the 16th and 17th century . In 1666 , it became the meeting place of the Royal Society following the destruction of the previous venue due to the Great Fire of London . The house was demolished in 1678 and Arundel Street , adjoining the Strand , was built on the site . 
 Somerset House was built by Edward Seymour , Duke of Somerset , regent of England from 1547 to 1549 , demolishing three inns and the church of the Nativity of Our Lady and the Innocents in the process . After Somerset was executed in 1552 , it became an occasional residence for Princess Elizabeth . On her ascension to the throne in 1558 , she returned part of the house to Seymour 's family ( with ownership passing to his son , Edward Seymour , 1st Earl of Hertford ) with the remainder being an occasional meeting place for the Royal Society . After Elizabeth 's death in 1603 , it was owned by Anne of Denmark , wife of James VI and I. The building was renamed Denmark House in commemoration of Anne 's brother , Christian IV of Denmark . Following James ' death in 1625 , his body lay there intestate for a month . It was taken over by Parliament in 1645 following the Civil War , renaming it back to Somerset House . It had an irregular series of owners and residents for much of the 18th century until its demolition in 1775 . The house was rebuilt as a series of government buildings . The Stamp Office , later to become the Inland Revenue was established in Somerset House in 1789 . In the late 20th century , a number of art galleries were set up on vacant parts , including the Courtauld Institute of Art and the King 's College London School of Law . 
 Savoy Palace was the London residence of John of Gaunt , King Richard II 's uncle and the nation 's power broker . In the 14th century the Savoy was the most magnificent nobleman 's mansion in England . During the Peasants ' Revolt of 1381 , rebels , led by Wat Tyler , inflamed by opposition to the poll tax promoted by John of Gaunt , systematically demolished the Savoy and everything in it . In 1512 it was rebuilt as the Savoy Hospital for the poor . It gradually fell into dereliction and was divided into multiple tenancies . It was demolished in 1816 – 20 to build the approach road to Waterloo Bridge. eventually being demolished in the 19th century . The Savoy Hotel now occupies this site . 
 Durham House , the historic London residence of the Bishop of Durham , was built circa 1345 and demolished in the mid @-@ 17th century . Having once been the home of Anne Boleyn , it had become derelict by the mid @-@ 17th century and was demolished in 1660 . Durham Street and the Adelphi Buildings were built on its site . York House was built as the London residence for the Bishop of Norwich not later than 1237 . At the time of the Reformation it was acquired by King Henry VIII and came to be known as York House when he granted it to the Archbishop of York in 1556 . In the 1620s it was acquired by the royal favourite George Villiers , 1st Duke of Buckingham , and after an interlude during the Civil War it was returned to George Villiers , 2nd Duke of Buckingham , who sold it to developers in 1672 . It was then demolished and new streets and buildings built on the site , including George Street , Villiers Street , Duke Street , Of Alley , and Buckingham Street . 
 Cecil House , also called Exeter House or Burghley House , built in the 16th century by Lord Burghley as an expansion of an existing Tudor house . Exeter House was demolished in 1676 and Exeter Exchange built on the site . A menagerie was built on the upper floors in 1773 , which was later run by Edward Cross , who housed lions , tigers , monkeys and hippopotami . In 1826 , an elephant , Chunee , nearly broke free from its cage and had to be destroyed ; the skeleton was later put on display . The exchange was demolished in 1829 , with the menagerie moving to the Surrey Zoological Gardens , and replaced by Exeter Hall , noted for its Evangelical meetings . This was demolished in 1907 , and the site is now occupied by the Strand Palace Hotel . 
 Other significant palaces along the Strand include Worcester House , formerly the Inn , or residence , of the Bishop of Carlisle . , Salisbury House , used for royal lodgings in the 15th and 16th centuries , Hungerford House , which was demolished and replaced , in turn , by Hungerford Market and Charing Cross station , and Northumberland House , a large Jacobean mansion , the historic London residence of the Dukes of Northumberland ; built in 1605 and demolished in 1874 . Northumberland Avenue now occupies the site . The official residence of the Secretary of State , next door at No. 1 the Strand , became the first numbered address in London . Apart from the rebuilt Somerset House , all of these buildings have been demolished and replaced from the 17th century onwards . A New Exchange was built on part of the gardens of Durham House , in 1608 @-@ 9 , facing the Strand . This high @-@ class shopping centre enjoyed considerable popularity but was eventually destroyed in 1737 . 
 
 = = = Modern era = = = 
 
 During the 17th century , many of the grand mansions on the Strand were demolished as the aristocracy moved to the West End . The Duck and Drake tavern on Strand was famed as a venue for the conspirators involved in the Gunpowder Plot . In the time of the Civil War , the Nag 's Head tavern was the venue of a meeting between Henry Ireton and some of the Levellers which resulted in the production of Remonstrance of the Army , demanding the abolition of the monarchy and the trial of King Charles I. 
 In the 18th century , coffee and chop houses were established on the street ; Twinings was established at No. 206 in 1706 by Thomas Twining , supplier of tea to Queen Anne . The company claims to be the oldest ratepayer in Westminster . The Grecian Coffee House ran from around 1702 to 1803 , while Tom 's ran from 1706 to around 1775 . Though these premises were well @-@ known , the alleyways around the Strand were regular haunts for pickpockets and prostitutes during this time . The Rose Tavern , at the eastern end of the street , was frequented by lawyers during the 18th century . It was later demolished and became Thanet Place . The Crown and Anchor was the main meeting place for the Catholic Association and helped established the Roman Catholic Relief Act 1829 . It was later used for Catholic politicians such as Daniel O 'Connell to address constituents . The original premises burned down in 1854 , but was rebuilt . Simpson 's @-@ in @-@ the @-@ Strand originally started at No. 100 in 1828 as a smoking and dining club . It later became a restaurant . The Strand was also notable in the 18th century as a centre for the British book trade , with numerous printers and publishers along the street . The prominent bookseller Andrew Millar is an example of one of the most successful publishers who owned a shop there . 
 King 's College London was founded in 1828 . The Strand Campus , based next to the church of St Mary @-@ le @-@ Strand , was designed by Robert Smirke and constructed in 1829 – 31 . King 's College Hospital opened as a branch of the college in 1840 , and became a constituent part of the University of London in 1908 . The current campus building was constructed in 1966 . In 2015 , the college acquired Strand House , Bush House and other buildings in the Aldwych Quarter . The Royal Courts of Justice , at the eastern end of the Strand , was designed in the mid @-@ 1860s by G.E. Street as a replacement for the older courts at Westminster Hall , though construction was so delayed that he died shortly before Queen Victoria opened the courts in 1882 . The West Green extension to the courts opened in 1911 , while the Queen 's Building opened in 1968 . 
 The architect John Nash redeveloped the western end of the Strand in the 1830s , including the construction of Charing Cross Hospital . In the 19th century , much of the Strand was rebuilt and the houses to the south no longer backed onto the Thames , separated from the river by the Victoria Embankment constructed in 1865 – 70 and reclaiming 37 acres ( 15 ha ) of land . The street became well known for theatres , and at one point contained more than any other ; including the Tivoli Music Hall at No. 65 , the Adelphi , Gaiety , Savoy , Terry 's and Vaudeville . In the 21st century , only the Adelphi , Vaudeville and Savoy remain . The Piccadilly branch line from Holborn to Aldwych was built partly to serve theatre traffic . The Coal Hole tavern was founded at No. 91 in the early 19th century , and frequented by coal @-@ heavers working on the Thames . The impresario Renton Nicholson held song @-@ and @-@ supper evenings at the inn , featuring tableaux vivants . The actor Edmund Kean established the Wolf Club at the venue , which is now commemorated by the Wolf Room . 
 Charing Cross railway station was built on the Strand in 1864 , providing a boat train service to Europe , which stimulated the growth of hotels in the area to cater for travellers . These included the Charing Cross Hotel , attached to the station itself . Today , there are several luggage outlets and tourist agents on the Strand , as well as old postage stamp dealers . The philatelist Stanley Gibbons opened a shop at No. 435 in 1891 . It moved to No. 391 in 1893 , and is now currently based at No. 399 . 
 The Strand Palace Hotel was designed by F.J.Wills and constructed in 1925 – 30 . The entrance was rebuilt in 1968 , with the original being moved to the Victoria and Albert Museum . The Strand underwent extensive redevelopment in the mid @-@ 20th century . The length of road from St Mary 's eastwards up to St Clement 's was widened in 1900 , subsuming the former Holywell Street which forked from the Strand and ran parallel with it to the north , leaving the two churches of St Mary Le Strand and St.Clement Danes as islands in the centre of the road . Gaiety Theatre was demolished , to be replaced by Citibank House , while Villiers House and New South Wales House were both built in 1957 – 59 . New South Wales House was subsequently demolished in 1996 and replaced by an office block . In 1998 , a statue of Oscar Wilde was built at the junction of Adelaide Street and Duncannon Street , adjoining the western end of the Strand . 
 
 = = Churches = = 
 
 The church of St Clement Danes is believed to date from the 9th century . The name may have come from Harold Harefoot , a Danish king who ruled England around 1035 – 40 and is buried in the church , or from a place of refuge for Danes after the conquest of Alfred the Great . It was transferred to the Order of the Knights Templar by Henry II in 1189 . It survived the Great Fire in 1666 , but was declared unsafe and rebuilt by Christopher Wren in 1679 . The building was damaged during the Blitz in 1941 , gutting much of the interior , and was rebuilt in 1958 by Sam Lloyd , since when it has served as the central church of the Royal Air Force . The church is one of two possible origins for the " St Clement 's " in the nursery rhyme " Oranges and Lemons " , though more contemporary accounts suggest St Clement 's , Eastcheap in the City of London to be more likely . 
 St Mary le Strand was designed by James Gibbs and completed in 1717 , to replace a previous church demolished to make way for Somerset House . It was the first building to be designed by Gibbs , who was influenced by Wren and Michelangelo . The column on top of the church was originally designed to support a statue of Queen Anne , but was replaced with a spire following Anne 's death in 1714 . It survived the Blitz but was in poor shape until John Betjeman led a campaign to restore it in the 1970s . Essex Street Chapel , the birthplace of British Unitarianism , abuts onto the Strand . The original chapel was built in 1774 , but damaged in the Blitz . It was restored after the war , and now serves as the denominational headquarters . 
 
 = = Notable residents = = 
 
 The print seller Rudolph Ackermann lived and worked at No. 101 The Strand between 1797 and 1827 . His shop was one of the first to have gas lighting fitted . 
 In the 19th century , The Strand became a newly fashionable address and many avant @-@ garde writers and thinkers gathered here , among them Thomas Carlyle , Charles Dickens , John Stuart Mill , Ralph Waldo Emerson and the scientist Thomas Henry Huxley . No. 142 was the home of radical publisher and physician John Chapman , who published contemporary authors from this house during the 1850s and edited the journal Westminster Review from 1851 . George Eliot lived at No. 142 between 1851 and 1855 . Virginia Woolf regularly travelled along the Strand , and a King 's College building named after her is in nearby Kingsway . 
 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 
 The Strand is the subject of a famous music hall song " Let 's All Go Down the Strand " , composed by Harry Castling and C. W. Murphy . The song opens with a group of tourists , staying the night at Trafalgar Square about to embark for Rhineland . The chorus of " Let 's all go down the Strand – have a banana " is now recognised as a stereotypical part of Cockney music hall and parodied by English comedian Bill Bailey . English composer Percy Grainger used the name for his 1911 piano trio Handel in the Strand . 
 Virginia Woolf has written about the Strand in several of her essays , including " Street Haunting : A London Adventure , " and the novel Mrs. Dalloway . T. S. Eliot alludes to the Strand in his 1905 poem " At Graduation " and in his 1922 poem " The Waste Land " ( part III , The Fire Sermon , v. 258 : " and along the Strand , up Queen Victoria Street " ) . John Masefield also refers to a " jostling in the Strand " in his poem " On Growing Old " . The street name also figures in the 1958 poem " Buses on the Strand " by Richard Percival Lister , which in 2013 was featured as part of TFL ’ s " Poems on the Underground " scheme , appearing in tube carriages all over London . 
 John Betjeman used the title of the song for a television documentary made for Associated @-@ Rediffusion in 1967 . The same year , Margaret Williams used it for a stage comedy . The Strand Magazine , which began publishing in 1891 , was named after the street . A BBC World Service arts and culture radio series was called The Strand . Bush House , situated on the Strand , was home to the World Service between 1941 and 2012 . 
 The standard British Monopoly board has the Strand in a group with two roads it connects to ; Fleet Street and Trafalgar Square . 
 
 
 = President Evil = 
 
 " President Evil " is the fifth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , and the forty @-@ ninth episode overall . Written by Jonathan Moskin and David Mulei and directed by Nick Marck , the episode premiered on The CW on October 31 , 2006 . 
 The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars ( Kristen Bell ) as she deals with life as a college student while moonlighting as a private detective . In this episode , Veronica investigates when two masked men rob a Halloween party and steal Veronica 's necklace from Lilly Kane ( Amanda Seyfried ) . Meanwhile , Keith ( Enrico Colantoni ) helps Dean O 'Dell ( Ed Begley , Jr . ) find the biological father of his stepson , the only person who can give the stepson a life @-@ saving bone marrow transplant . 
 Dianna Agron , Richard Grieco , Ryan Pinkston , and Robert Ri 'chard guest star or make their first appearances as recurring characters in the episode . The episode received mixed reviews from television critics , with general praise towards Veronica and Weevil 's relationship and criticism for the case of the week and the episode 's ending . 
 
 = = Synopsis = = 
 
 Veronica shows one of the rape victims ( Krista Kalmus ) the photo of a suspect , but she doesn ’ t recognize him . In criminology class , Veronica does a case study of Weevil ( Francis Capra ) , and the class enjoys it . After the study , Veronica tells Weevil that she ’ s dating Logan ( Jason Dohring ) , and he reacts negatively . Veronica then walks into Mars Investigations and finds Cyrus O ’ Dell and his wife ( Jaime Ray Newman ) talking with Keith , while Veronica herself does some detective work . Keith informs Veronica that Dean O ’ Dell ’ s stepson is dying and that he wants Keith to find the boy ’ s biological father . At Mercer 's ( Ryan Devlin ) party , two masked men enter and steal everyone ’ s valuables , including the necklace that Lilly gave Veronica . Wallace ( Percy Daggs III ) is failing his mechanical engineering class , a subject in which he wanted to major . Meanwhile , Keith tracks down the husband , and Veronica accuses Weevil of robbing the party . 
 At the meeting , Dean O ’ Dell ’ s wife asks the ex @-@ husband to give their son a bone marrow transplant . Meanwhile , Sheriff Lamb ( Michael Muhney ) arrests Weevil for the robbery . Veronica visits Weevil in prison before she decides to look into a pizza delivered to Weevil ’ s house . Sheriff Lamb tells Keith that the ex @-@ husband has disappeared before accusing Keith in the ex @-@ husband ’ s disappearance . Keith thinks that Dean O ’ Dell was involved in the disappearance , but when he visits Dean , it turns out that Dean 's wife and stepson have disappeared to a hospital in Mexico , presumably taking the ex @-@ husband with them . Wallace visits a “ tutor ” , who gives him a mysterious “ study guide ” before going back to for the “ answers . ” Veronica notices the masks being used in a short film , but they were stolen . When they are in Mexico , Dean O ’ Dell reveals that he lied to Keith about their whereabouts . 
 Veronica tracks the casino robber down to a volunteer police officer . She has evidence , and the police comes to arrest him . However , they don ’ t find the necklace . At the hospital , Keith hesitates when O ’ Dell asks him what he would do if Veronica were in danger . Veronica gets her necklace back from the perpetrator ’ s daughter . Because he gave bone marrow , the ex @-@ husband now has a much more favorable divorce settlement . Veronica tracks down the suspect in the photo , Wang Yi , but his roommate tells Veronica that he is Claire ’ s boyfriend . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " President Evil " was written by Jonathan Moskin and David Mulei and directed by Nick Marck , marking Moskin 's first writing credit , Mulei 's first writing credit for the show , and Marck 's eighth directing credit for Veronica Mars . Dianna Agron , famous for her role as Quinn Fabray on Glee , makes her first appearance on the series in this episode as Jenny , Veronica 's classmate . She would eventually appear on several episodes of the third season . 
 Richard Grieco , known for his role as Dennis Booker on the original 21 Jump Street TV series , appears for the first time as Steve Batando , Mindy O 'Dell 's ex @-@ husband . In 2012 , the New York Daily News called Grieco 's role on Veronica Mars " his last mainstream role " . Ryan Pinkston guest stars as Danny Rossow , a pizza shop employee . He would go on to make a guest appearance on series creator Rob Thomas 's later show Party Down . Robert Ri 'chard appears as Mason , Wallace 's friend . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Ratings = = = 
 
 In its original broadcast , " President Evil " was viewed by 2 @.@ 70 million viewers , ranking 99th of 101 in the weekly rankings . This figure was a decrease in 630 @,@ 000 viewers from the previous episode , Charlie Don 't Surf . 
 
 = = = Reviews = = = 
 
 The episode received mixed reviews from television critics . Eric Goldman , writing for IGN , gave a mostly positive review , giving it a 7 @.@ 5 out of 10 , indicating that it was a " good " episode . He stated , " Things are still a bit wobbly on Veronica Mars this season , though this episode had some elements that hopefully herald a turn in the right direction . " While criticizing the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week , he was more laudatory to the subplots , calling Sheriff Lamb arresting Weevil " the most entertaining scene of the episode " and that " the episode definitely picked up in the last act . " Rowan Kaiser , writing for The A.V. Club , gave a very mixed review , commenting positively on Veronica and Weevil 's relationship while criticizing other aspects of the episode . " While ' President Evil ' was not a favorite , and has a few annoying moments , it was generally a perfectly adequate episode of Veronica Mars . That is , until the ending . [ … ] The implication here is one that I 've been dreading for a few episodes : that the radical feminist Lilith House has staged Claire 's rape , and possibly others . " Television Without Pity gave the episode a " B- " . 
 Reviewer Alan Sepinwall also had mixed comments , comparing the episode to House and stating , " And yet as much as Veronica was annoying me , as much as I wanted to yell at her for automatically jumping to conclusions with Weevil ( more on that in a minute ) , this was maybe my favorite episode of the season . [ … ] Hell , they even had a cliffhanger ending to the mystery arc for the first time in forever . I dug it . " Price Peterson of TV.com gave a mostly negative review , writing , " This episode was not the best ! Not terrible by any means , but it felt lacking in certain ways , particularly when it came to the total lack of Piz and Dick . Where were they ? Also this episode made it clear that Logan didn 't have all that much to do on the show anymore . " 
 
 
 = Dave Sisler = 
 
 David Michael Sisler ( October 16 , 1931 – January 9 , 2011 ) was a professional baseball pitcher who played in Major League Baseball ( MLB ) from 1956 through 1962 . Early in his career , Sisler was a starter , then later was used as a middle reliever and occasionally as a closer . He reached the majors in 1956 with the Boston Red Sox after he completed a two @-@ year obligation in the active military . After three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half seasons with the Red Sox , he was traded to the Detroit Tigers in 1959 and served the team through the 1960 season . Before the 1961 season , he was selected by the Washington Senators in the 1960 Major League Baseball expansion draft , for whom he played the 1961 season . He was then traded to the Cincinnati Reds in 1962 , playing one season at the major league level , and one in their minor league system . 
 His most productive years came with Boston , where he won 24 games from 1956 to 1958 , averaging 138 innings each season . After that , he appeared strictly as a reliever and saved a career @-@ high 11 games for the Senators . In a seven @-@ season career , Sisler posted a 38 – 44 record with a 4 @.@ 33 ERA in 247 appearances , including 29 saves , 12 complete games , one shutout and 656 ⅓ innings . Sisler retired from baseball after the 1963 season to become an investment firm executive , a career that lasted for over 30 years , retiring as a vice @-@ chairman for A. G. Edwards . 
 His father , Hall of Famer George Sisler ; and one of his brothers , Dick Sisler , also played baseball at the major league level ; while another brother , George Sisler , Jr . , was a general manager for several minor league baseball teams , and later became president of the International League from 1966 to 1976 . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Sisler was born on October 16 , 1931 , in St. Louis , Missouri , to George Sisler , a Baseball Hall of Fame player , and Kathleen . He played baseball in high school and when he was 16 he went to work for his father who was a coach in the Brooklyn Dodgers organization . Dave kept statistics and was occasionally allowed to pitch . The Dodgers did not envision a future with him and did not pursue a contract due to his commitment to Princeton and future military obligation . Sisler was signed by the Boston Red Sox of the American League ( AL ) after his time with Princeton , and began his professional baseball career at the age of 21 in 1953 for the Albany Senators in the class @-@ A Eastern League . He pitched in 21 games that season , 20 as their starting pitcher ; he had a 12 – 7 win – loss record , an ERA of 2 @.@ 60 in 135 innings pitched . He did not play professional baseball in either 1954 or 1955 due to his active military service . 
 
 = = Major League career = = 
 
 
 = = = Boston Red Sox = = = 
 
 After his military commitment , he re @-@ joined the organization , and began the season with the Red Sox . He made his major league debut on April 26 , 1956 , a one @-@ inning relief appearance against the New York Yankees . His first MLB victory came seven days later , a three @-@ inning relief appearance against the Yankees in Boston . On August 5 , in his sixth start , he pitched a seven @-@ inning complete game 2 @-@ 1 victory over the Cleveland Indians and their pitching star , future Hall of Famer Bob Lemon . In total , he appeared in 39 games his first season , 14 as their starting pitcher , had a 9 – 8 win – loss record with three saves , 98 strikeouts , and a 4 @.@ 66 ERA in 142 ⅓ inning pitched . He tied for the AL league with a 1 @.@ 000 fielding percentage by not committing a single error , although he had the sixth highest total of hit batsmen with seven . Following the season , Sisler was praised for his performance ; he was selected by Boston area sportswriters as the " Harry Agganis Award " winner , given annually to whom they voted as the top Boston Red Sox rookie , and was named to the 1956 " Rookie All @-@ Star Team " . 
 On January 17 , 1957 , Sisler was re @-@ signed by the Red Sox . The Red Sox expected Sisler to be a candidate for a pitching rotation slot . He impressed his coaching staff during early spring practices , manager Mike " Pinky " Higgins commented that Sisler " looks good ; he 's more mature and shows more confidence " . When the regular season began , he was initially effective , winning three games against one defeat in his first four starts , including two complete game victories against the Yankees . At this point , he was 4 – 0 against the Yankees , earning him the moniker " Yankee Killer " from sportswriter Chester L. Smith of the Pittsburgh Press . Although his ERA of 4 @.@ 88 was considered high , it was due in large part to his loss against the Kansas City Athletics who scored six earned runs in just two innings . On July 4 , he defeated the Yankees once again , making him 5 – 0 against them in his career , and 7 – 4 overall for the 1957 season , and had lowered his ERA to 4 @.@ 02 . That was his last victory of the season , however , which he followed with two consecutive losses , pitching a total of four innings ; he did not appear in another game until September 2 . He recorded a save against the Baltimore Orioles on September 7 , but closed the season with two consecutive losses against the Yankees , though he pitched well in the second game , giving up just three hits and two earned runs in eight innings . His season totals include a 7 – 8 record , and a 4 @.@ 72 ERA in 122 ⅓ inning pitched . 
 Sisler began the 1958 spring training in spectacular form , pitching a total of nine hitless innings and allowed just one baserunner in 28 batters faced ; the last 27 in order . However , he finished the spring with two consecutive losses , including one to the Pittsburgh Pirates , with whom his father was a special assistant to their manager . He opened the regular season with a complete game victory against the Yankees on April 16 . On May 2 , he pitched his only career complete game shutout , a 6 – 0 victory against the Detroit Tigers and future Hall of Famer Jim Bunning , improving his record to 3 – 1 for the season . Over the next two months , his average innings pitched declined during his starts , and on several occasions he entered the game in relief . He went winless from June 12 to August 9 , when he defeated the Yankees . He recorded just one more victory in 1958 , and completed the season with an 8 – 9 record , a 4 @.@ 94 ERA , and 71 strikeouts in a career @-@ high 149 ⅓ innings pitched . 
 On February 8 , 1959 , the Red Sox announced that they had Sisler signed for the 1959 season . After what was considered a " disappointing " season , he did not impress with his first outing in spring training , giving up two hits and five bases on balls in just two innings of work . Lack of pitching depth was a noted weakness for the Red Sox entering the season , with unpredictable youth and with hopes that Sisler could regain his previous level of success . Sisler opened the season slated as a relief pitcher with the idea that he would start in certain cases . In three relief appearances through April , he had a 6 @.@ 75 ERA in 6 ⅔ inning pitched . Management decided that his performance along with a pitching staff that they considered inexperienced , Sisler and Ted Lepcio were traded to the Detroit Tigers on May 2 for starting pitcher Billy Hoeft . 
 
 = = = Detroit Tigers = = = 
 
 Hoeft , who won 20 games for the Tigers in 1956 , had continually under @-@ performed since , and was noted for being in the manager 's " doghouse " ; however , TimesDaily sportswriter Hap Halbrooks commented , " I can 't see where they ( Tigers ) gained a thing in this transaction . " The Tigers had lost 15 of their first 17 games of the season before the trade and decided that changes were needed . In addition to the Sisler trade they fired manager Bill Norman and replaced him with Jimmy Dykes . These moves initially proved effective , sparking a winning game streak , which began by defeating the Yankees in both games of a doubleheader on May 3 . Continuing their rebound , the Tigers faced the Red Sox next , winning two of three , and Sisler pitched a scoreless one @-@ inning relief appearance against his former team on May 6 . Used exclusively in relief , Sisler pitched in 32 games for the Tigers , winning one game against three losses and collected seven saves , which was seventh most in the AL , and he did not record an error . 
 Sisler returned to the Tigers for the 1960 season , and manager Dykes noted that he was not confident that his bullpen could help when needed , pointing to the previous season as a reference . The Tigers bullpen had won just nine games in 1959 , but began 1960 with three straight victories , with Sisler pitching a scoreless two @-@ inning appearance on April 22 . His performance was considered a surprise , due to having a poor spring training . Although he pitched well in his first game of the season , he quickly lost his form , and by May 18 , his ERA had risen to 5 @.@ 06 and had a 1 – 2 record . It was at this point in the season that he began to turn his fortunes around and regained his effectiveness , and by August 12 he had lowered his ERA to 1 @.@ 90 . His season totals included a 2 @.@ 47 ERA and a 7 @-@ 5 win @-@ loss record , both career bests , and added six saves in 80 innings pitched . 
 
 = = = Washington Senators = = = 
 
 After the 1960 season , it was announced that the AL were going to create two new teams , one in Los Angeles and one in Washington , D. C. Although he was thought of as the Tigers ' best reliever during the season , Sisler was listed by the Tigers as eligible for the 1960 Major League Baseball expansion draft . The draft occurred on December 14 , 1960 and Sisler was selected by the Washington Senators with the fourth overall pick . The Senators received communication from several teams that were interested in Sisler , namely the Milwaukee Braves of the National League ( NL ) and the Athletics , but decided to trade their first pick in the expansion draft , Bobby Shantz , instead . New manager Mickey Vernon defined Sisler 's role with the team before the season began , designating him as their top relief pitcher . Sisler felt slighted by the Tigers , having been left unprotected by the team , and had considered retiring from baseball , but ultimately decided to sign with the Senators . 
 Sisler was solid for much of the first half of the season , not allowing an earned run until May 19 , and by June 5 he had an ERA of 0 @.@ 74 , a 1 – 0 record with seven saves . It was at the point that his effectiveness declined rapidly , allowing runs to score in four of his next five appearances . In a game against the Red Sox on June 18 , he relieved starter Carl Mathias , and immediately gave up bases on balls to the first two batters he faced , which forced in two runs , then gave up a grand slam to Jim Pagliaroni . He followed with another base on balls , and was relieved without having recording an out . Over the course of the next couple months , with his ERA steadily rising , his playing time was lessened , making just six appearances in the month of July , and five in August . He made his last major league start on August 31 against the Tigers , giving up seven hits and six earned runs for the loss . In 45 total appearances in 1961 , he had a 2 – 8 win @-@ loss record and finished sixth in AL with 11 saves . On September 16 , the Senators agreed to send $ 75 @,@ 000 ( $ 593 @,@ 900 current dollar adjustment ) and a player to be named later to the Cincinnati Reds of the NL for pitcher Claude Osteen . To complete the transaction , Washington sent Sisler to the Reds as that player named on November 28 . 
 
 = = = Cincinnati Reds = = = 
 
 The Reds were the NL champions in 1961 , and with the addition of Sisler , Dave Hillman , and Moe Drabowsky to ensure stability to their pitching staff in 1962 , the team 's management had high hopes of a return to the World Series . Sisler , who was expected to be used as a relief pitcher , joined a Reds team that already had his brother Dick , who was their first base coach . His father , still with Pittsburgh , mentioned that he was relieved that his son did not play in a recent series between the Pirates and Reds , recalling how the mixed emotions he felt when his elder son , Dick , helped defeat the Dodgers in an important game in 1950 by hitting a home run . The younger Sisler 's season did not begin well ; in his ten appearances by June 5 , he allowed a run in all but three , and had a 4 @.@ 97 ERA . On June 19 , Sisler pitched a scoreless inning in victory against the Pirates , the time first time George watched his son pitch as an opponent . Although Sisler 's season was a disappointment , he completed the season well , allowing just one earned run over the course of his final eight games , as well as earning the victory on September 23 , his final major league appearance . His totals for the season included a 4 – 3 record , a 3 @.@ 92 ERA , and one save in 43 ⅔ innings pitched . 
 For the coming 1963 season , manager Fred Hutchinson envisioned the same the role for Sisler , coming out of the bullpen with the idea that he would occasionally start . The Reds announced on February 9 that Sisler had signed for the 1963 season , although he did not make the Reds ' NL club and was optioned to their class @-@ AAA team , the San Diego Padres of the Pacific Coast League ( PCL ) . In 35 games pitched for the Padres , he started six , had a 6 – 9 record and a 3 @.@ 40 ERA in 90 innings . On March 18 , 1964 , it was announced that Sisler retired from baseball to join an Investment company . 
 
 = = Later life = = 
 
 After his baseball career , Sisler became an executive with the investment firm A. G. Edwards for more than 30 years , reaching the level of vice @-@ chairman . A. G. Edwards was a sponsor of a semi @-@ professional baseball team located in St. Petersburg , Florida ; when the " Stockbrokers " were invited to play in season @-@ ending tournament to decide a champion , Sisler , a senior executive for the firm , denied the funding for the team , forcing them to decline if no other monies were raised . It was an unexpected decision considering that Sisler was former baseball player , but he did not feel that A. G. Edwards was benefitting , with the costs of running the team becoming more than originally agreed to by contract . 
 In 2004 , the possibility arose of his father 's record of 257 hits in a season being surpassed by Ichiro Suzuki of the Seattle Mariners . Living in Dallas , Texas at the time , Sisler and his son Dave followed Ichiro 's progress throughout the season . Both had mixed feelings about the record chase ; they were happy that George Sisler 's name was being talked about and that people were re @-@ discovering him as a player , but both were hoping that , if the record was not broken in 154 games , there would be an asterisk noting that it took Ichiro more games to achieve it . Ichiro finished the season with 262 hits , and the Mariners extended an invitation for the entire Sisler family to attend the celebration at Safeco Field . The younger Sisler was prevented by an emergency heart procedure from travelling to Seattle . Both remarked that the Mariners were a classy organization for extending the invitation . 
 Sisler died on January 9 , 2011 of prostate cancer at the age of 79 in St. Louis , Missouri . He was survived by his wife Janet , son and three grandchildren . 
 
 
 = Cole Hamels = 
 
 Colbert Michael " Cole " Hamels ( born December 27 , 1983 ) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Texas Rangers of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . He played in MLB for the Philadelphia Phillies from 2006 to 2015 . 
 Originally from San Diego , California , Hamels excelled in Rancho Bernardo High School both academically and athletically . The Phillies drafted him out of high school in the first round of the 2002 MLB Draft ( 17th ) , and he began his career in the Phillies minor league system . Numerous issues , including an injury sustained in a bar fight as well as other injuries , occurred during his first few minor league seasons . Having reached the Triple @-@ A level , he was the top pitcher in the Phillies ' minor league system in 2006 . 
 In May 2006 , Hamels made his major league debut for the Phillies . After securing a long @-@ term spot as a member of the Phillies starting rotation in his rookie season , he made large strides in the 2007 Major League Baseball season and won the Phillies ' top major league pitcher award . He was the top pitcher on the team entering the 2008 season , and during the Phillies ' postseason run , during which they ultimately won the 2008 World Series , he won the World Series Most Valuable Player Award . Since then , he has been a top starter in the Phillies ' rotation . After the 2008 season , Hamels signed a three @-@ year contract with the Phillies . His statistics declined over the next two seasons , struggling through a tumultuous 2009 campaign and somewhat bouncing back in 2010 , however still not approaching his 2008 numbers . Over the next few seasons , Hamels was joined by fellow all @-@ star pitchers including Roy Halladay , Cliff Lee , and Roy Oswalt , and flourished with them , putting up some of his top career seasons before suffering from poor run support in 2013 . With the decline of his aging teammates as the team missed the postseason for the next few years , Hamels remained one of the Phillies ' consistent stars . Hamels was traded to the Texas Rangers in 2015 where he sparked their run to the AL West title . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Cole Hamels attended Meadowbrook Middle School and Rancho Bernardo High School in San Diego . He was a " gifted student " , and scored a 1510 ( out of 1600 ) on the SAT . Scouts were interested in Hamels while he was in high school primarily because his fastball was clocked as high as 94 miles per hour ( 151 km / h ) , and his secondary offerings were considered advanced . However , some teams lost interest when Hamels broke his left humerus during his sophomore year . Nonetheless , Hamels was drafted in the first round of the 2002 Major League Baseball draft by the Philadelphia Phillies , who held the 17th overall selection . 
 
 = = Professional career = = 
 
 
 = = = Minor league career = = = 
 
 Hamels began his professional baseball career in 2003 , pitching for the Class A Lakewood BlueClaws of the South Atlantic League . Later that season , he was promoted to the Clearwater Threshers of the Class A @-@ Advanced Florida State League . He finished the year by receiving the Paul Owens Award , given to the best pitcher in the Phillies ' minor league system . 
 During the next two seasons , however , Hamels suffered through several injuries , and pitched only sparingly . He missed most of the 2004 season with elbow tendinitis , making only four starts . In 2005 , he broke his pitching hand in a bar fight before the season began ; after rehabilitation , he was assigned to Clearwater . In July , the Phillies promoted him to the Class AA Reading Phillies of the Eastern League , where he surrendered the first home run of his professional career in his first start . Subsequently , he was shut down for the remainder of the season with back spasms . 
 In 2006 , a healthy Hamels started again at Clearwater , and after a brief stint in Reading , he was promoted to the Scranton / Wilkes @-@ Barre Red Barons of the Class AAA International League . In three games at Scranton , he struck out 36 batters while giving up only one walk and one run . His minor league statistics included a record of 14 – 4 with a 1 @.@ 43 ERA and 273 strikeouts in 35 games pitched . For his performance , the Phillies promoted him to the major league club . 
 
 = = = Philadelphia Phillies = = = 
 
 
 = = = = 2006 = = = = 
 
 Hamels was called up to the Philadelphia Phillies in May 2006 . In his Major League Baseball debut on May 12 , he pitched five scoreless innings , allowing one hit , striking out seven batters , walked five , while earning a no @-@ decision against the Cincinnati Reds . In his second career start , Hamels was dominant until the seventh inning , during which he was pulled after he allowed several baserunners , but again received a no @-@ decision . A shoulder injury scratched Hamels from the lineup of what would have originally been his third major league start . He was put on the 15 @-@ day disabled list and returned on June 6 to defeat the Arizona Diamondbacks 10 – 1 for his first Major League victory . On August 14 , 2006 , Hamels had his best start of his rookie season , shutting out the New York Mets over eight innings and striking out nine in the Phillies ' 13 – 0 victory . He finished his rookie season with a 9 – 8 record , a 4 @.@ 08 earned run average ( ERA ) , and 145 strikeouts ( third among NL rookies ) in 132 1 ⁄ 3 innings ( sixth among NL rookies ) . 
 
 = = = = 2007 = = = = 
 
 Hamels entered the 2007 season having done significant work in the weight room in the offseason and at spring training . His tenacity came to fruition when , on April 21 , 2007 , Hamels pitched his first major league complete game , allowing one run on five hits and two walks while setting a career high with 15 strikeouts . Just three days before , the Phillies moved their opening day starter Brett Myers to the bullpen to be the closer , making Hamels the team 's number one starter . On May 16 , he carried a perfect game into the seventh inning , but then walked leadoff hitter Rickie Weeks and surrendered a home run to the next batter , J. J. Hardy . 
 For his strong performance during the first half of the season , Hamels was , for the first time in his career , selected a member of the NL All Star Team . As Hamels had been the Phillies only consistent starter to that point , even to the point that one columnist said the Phillies are a joke " as long as we are forced to look forward to someone other than Cole Hamels on the mound " , the Phillies acquired Kyle Lohse to supplement the rotation soon before the trading deadline . Several weeks later , Hamels was placed on the 15 @-@ day disabled list ( DL ) with a mild left elbow strain . After the Phillies activated him from the DL , on September 28 , he helped the Phillies take over first place in the National League East by striking out 13 Washington Nationals over 8 innings in a 6 – 0 win . Two days later , the team clinched a spot in the playoffs for the first time in 14 years . In the first game of the National League Division Series , he started for the Phillies , but surrendered three runs , three hits , and an " uncharacteristic " four walks , while striking out seven in 62 ⁄ 3 innings ; he was assessed the loss . Ultimately , the Phillies lost the series . Hamels finished with a regular @-@ season record of 15 – 5 , a 3 @.@ 39 ERA , and 177 strikeouts in 183 1 ⁄ 3 innings . The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America presented him the " Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher " award . 
 
 = = = = 2008 = = = = 
 
 Before the season began in March , Hamels made a complaint about the Phillies underpaying him , saying it was a " low blow " and he was " caught off @-@ guard " with the gap between what he and his agent John Boggs felt was a fair reward for his performance in the previous season and what he was paid ( the Phillies paid him US $ 500 @,@ 000 , barely above the minimum salary for MLB players despite Hamels ' strong performance ) . 
 Though Hamels was the " clear @-@ cut ace " , Charlie Manuel penciled in Brett Myers as the Phillies ' opening day starter because Myers accepted his role as closer the preceding season , putting the team ahead of his personal wishes to start . 
 By the end of April , Hamels led the Phillies in most pitching categories , including wins ( 3 ) , ERA ( 2 @.@ 70 ) , and innings pitched ( 43 ⅓ ) . Continuing his dominance into May , Hamels recorded his first career complete game shutout against the Atlanta Braves on the 15th of that month . By June , Myers had been demoted to the minor leagues due to his ineffectiveness , leaving Hamels alone atop the rotation . Hamels was snubbed from a selection to the All @-@ Star Game despite strong numbers . For the season , Hamels was 14 – 10 with a 3 @.@ 09 ERA and 196 strikeouts in 227 1 ⁄ 3 innings ; he had the lowest on @-@ base percentage @-@ against ( OBP ) in the majors at .272 . FanGraphs also rated his changeup as the most effective in the majors . 
 Hamels pitched in Game 1 of the National League Division Series against the Brewers , pitching " eight spectacular two @-@ hit shutout innings " during which he struck out nine hitters , notching his first career playoff win , and the Phillies ' first playoff win since 1993 . He commented , " I knew the importance of the game . And it 's something where , because of last year , I learned what it really takes in trying to ... kind of mellow out , not to have that sort of excitement where you can 't really control everything . " He was named the Most Valuable Player ( MVP ) of the National League Championship Series , going 2 – 0 in the NLCS with a 1 @.@ 93 ERA and winning the series clincher on October 15 in Los Angeles . 
 Hamels was selected the Phillies starter for Game 1 of the World Series ; the Phillies won 3 – 2 , and Hamels earned his fourth win of the postseason . Hamels also started Game 5 , which was suspended due to rain after the top of the sixth inning tied at 2 @-@ 2 , and receiving a no @-@ decision ; when game five resumed the Phillies won 4 @-@ 3 to clinch the World Series . Overall , Hamels made five postseason starts in 2008 , going 4 – 0 with a 1 @.@ 80 ERA . Hamels threw a total of 35 innings during the postseason , and held opponents scoreless in 28 of them ; he never allowed more than one run in any of the seven innings in which he did not hold opponents scoreless . Hamels was named the 2008 World Series MVP . 
 Subsequently , Jayson Stark wrote , 
 The names on the list are the names who have carved their legends in the month of October ... We know their names because October was their kind of month , and they belong on that list because they once did something very few pitchers have ever done . They all won four starts in the same postseason . And now they have company ... a 24 @-@ year @-@ old left @-@ hander named Cole Hamels . And with every time the Phillies handed him the baseball in October 2009 , it became more apparent that he is one of the sports ' most special talents . 
 The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America presented him the " Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher " award for the second consecutive year . 
 
 = = = = 2009 = = = = 
 
 Hamels started his 2009 season by signing a three @-@ year , $ 20 @.@ 5 million contract with the Phillies . On February 14 , the first day of spring training for pitchers and catchers , when asked who the Opening Day starter would be , manager Charlie Manuel responded , " Yeah , you might as well go ahead and pencil him in . I don 't think there 's any sense in me playing games . Go ahead , pencil him in . " 
 However , Hamels left spring training on March 16 after feeling tightness between innings , and flew to Philadelphia to have his left elbow examined by Dr. Michael Ciccotti . " This will obviously set me back a couple of days , and I don 't think that should be a big deal " , said Hamels . Ciccotti found no structural damage in his arm , yet Hamels still did not pitch on Opening Day as expected ; Myers did for the third consecutive season . For the first time in his career , he went winless in his first four starts , and left back @-@ to @-@ back starts early due to injury in late April , sustaining a left @-@ shoulder contusion and an ankle sprain respectively . From June on , however , he returned to his previous form , recording two complete @-@ game shutouts ( tied for the NL @-@ lead ) , striking out at least 10 batters in two separate games , and amassing a 21 @-@ inning scoreless streak from August 21 to September 6 , while allowing just two home runs in his final eight starts . In July , the Phillies augmented their starting rotation by acquiring two former Cy Young Award winners in Cliff Lee and Pedro Martínez from a trade and a free agent signing respectively . Due to his early season injury struggles , Hamels posted a 10 – 11 record and a 4 @.@ 32 ERA in the regular season , his first major league season in which he posted a sub-.500 record , and the worst ERA of his career to that point . 
 Hamels started Game 2 of the 2009 National League Division Series against the Colorado Rockies , allowing four earned runs through five innings to take the loss . Nevertheless , the Phillies won the series , three games to one . He earned the win in Game 1 of the National League Championship Series as the Phillies beat the Dodgers , 8 – 6 . Hamels started Game 3 of the World Series against the New York Yankees , pitching 4 1 ⁄ 3 innings , allowing 5 earned runs and taking the loss as the Yankees won that game 8 @-@ 5 . Afterward , he told reporters , " I can 't wait for it ( the season ) to end . It 's been mentally draining . It 's one of those things where , a year in , you just can ’ t wait for a fresh start . " Later in the series , after the Phillies won game five , a confrontational Brett Myers mockingly asked Hamels : " What are you doing here ? I thought you quit . " The Phillies lost the World Series to the New York Yankees in six games . 
 Rob Neyer a sabermetrician and columnist for ESPN.com , contradicted anyone who asserted Hamels ' skills had deteriorated , instead commenting , 
 " Last October , everybody was ready to anoint Hamels some sort of superhero . This was largely because he went 4 – 0 during the Phillies ' championship run , but also because he went 14 – 10 with a 3 @.@ 09 ERA during the regular season . Last season , Hamels ' strikeout @-@ to @-@ walk ratio was 3 @.@ 7 ; this year it 's 3 @.@ 8 . Last year , Hamels gave up 1 @.@ 1 home runs per nine innings ; this year he 's given up 1 @.@ 3 homers per nine . The only real difference between the 2008 Hamels and the 2009 Hamels is luck . " 
 Phillies ' pitching coach Rich Dubee and Hamels himself blamed Hamels ' demeanor for some of his decline , noting , " He is such a perfectionist … his approach wasn ’ t very good last year . His success won ’ t come back until his demeanor changes " and " The more angry you get , it 's that much tougher to execute your next pitch . I think I let [ expectations ] get to me " respectively . 
 
 = = = = 2010 = = = = 
 
 Entering the 2010 season , the Phillies traded away Cliff Lee , but in doing so , acquired Roy Halladay in a " mega @-@ trade " . They did not re @-@ sign Myers , and Halladay was named the Phillies ' opening day starter . Among Hamels ' season highlights were a start on June 7 against the San Diego Padres during which he threw 61 ⁄ 3 innings of no @-@ hit baseball , winning five consecutive starts including three consecutive scoreless starts from late @-@ August to mid @-@ September , and striking out 13 batters , tied for his second @-@ highest career total , on September 13 against the Florida Marlins . 
 The Phillies finished with the best record in MLB . Hamels started Game 3 of the National League Division Series against the Cincinnati Reds and , for the first time in his postseason career , pitched a complete game shutout . The Phillies advanced to the National League Championship Series facing the San Francisco Giants , where Hamels took the loss in Game 3 giving up three runs as the Giants ' Matt Cain shutout the Phillies , en route to the Phillies ' ultimate elimination in six games . 
 Statistically , Hamels rebounded from his previous season by posting a 12 – 11 record with a 3 @.@ 06 ERA , the latter of which was , at the time , a career @-@ best . He also struck out a career high 211 batters . Throughout the season , he was plagued by a lack of run support ; in 1 ⁄ 3 of his starts , the Phillies did not score a single run while he was in the game . Moreover , he received the fifth @-@ lowest run support in the NL . Nevertheless , he allowed three or fewer earned runs in 26 of his 33 starts . Jeff Nelson " facetiously " evaluated Hamels ' season as follows : 
 " Headcase . Immature . Soft . Unprepared . He wouldn ’ t pitch on three @-@ days rest if asked . He 's not a big game pitcher . He sounds like a whiny 7 @-@ year old – these were some of the descriptions I heard and read from many Phillies fans following Cole Hamels ’ disappointing 2009 season . Heck , some people even wanted him traded after what he said during the ’ 09 World Series . To the naked eye , Cole just wasn ’ t right two years ago . Fast forward a year later and Hamels all the sudden ‘ found his game . ’ He ‘ flicked a switch ’ or ‘ put his game face on . ’ He was more prepared heading in to 2010 or he was cured from the Verducci effect . " 
 
 = = = = 2011 = = = = 
 
 On December 15 , 2010 , Cliff Lee returned to the Phillies as he signed a free @-@ agent contract with Philadelphia for five years and $ 120 million with a vesting option for a sixth year . After this signing , the Phillies ' starting rotation consisted of Roy Halladay , Roy Oswalt , Cliff Lee , Cole Hamels , and Joe Blanton . This rotation was considered one of the best in pitching history by many . Halladay , Oswalt , Lee , and Hamels were dubbed the ' Phantastic Phour ' by fans and the media . 
 Hamels entered the 2011 season with a large amount of excitement and hype from fans and the media . By the All @-@ Star game , Hamels was 4 – 3 . On July 3 , when the rosters for the 2011 MLB All @-@ Star Game in Phoenix , Arizona were broadcast on TBS , it was announced that Hamels was voted onto the National League team along with fellow pitchers and teammates Roy Halladay , Cliff Lee , Plácido Polanco , and Shane Victorino . He was not eligible to play , however , because he had pitched the Sunday prior to the All @-@ Star Game . Hamels shared his dismay with this rule , saying , " It 's one of those things where people who don 't play the game make the rules . " 
 The Phillies finished with the best record in MLB for the second year in a row . In the 2011 National League Division Series against the St. Louis Cardinals , Hamels started Game 3 which resulted in a 3 @-@ 2 win to give the Phillies a 2 @-@ 1 series lead , however the Phillies would lose Games 4 and 5 to be eliminated . 
 Hamels finished the 2011 season with a record of 14 – 9 , 194 strikeouts , an ERA of 2 @.@ 79 , and a 0 @.@ 986 WHIP . He finished fifth in the Cy Young Award voting behind Clayton Kershaw , Roy Halladay , Cliff Lee , and Ian Kennedy , respectively . 
 
 = = = = 2012 = = = = 
 
 During the 2011 off @-@ season , Hamels underwent elbow and hernia surgeries . Hamels had missed scheduled starts in August due to a stiff shoulder , and loose bodies were removed from his elbow to fix his problems . Hamels was ready to pitch by the start of Spring training 2012 . 
 On January 17 , Hamels and the Philadelphia Phillies agreed to a one @-@ year , $ 15 million contract to avoid arbitration . This was the highest salary ever paid to a pitcher eligible for arbitration before free agency . 
 On May 6 , Hamels was suspended for five games after hitting Bryce Harper in his lower back with a pitch , after admitting that it was intentional . On July 21 , 2012 , Hamels hit his first career home run off San Francisco Giants pitcher Matt Cain , who had homered off of him in the top half of the same inning , the first time in MLB that two pitchers had hit home runs off of each other in the same inning . 
 Hamels would stay a Phillie when he agreed to a contract extension on July 24 . The six @-@ year , $ 144 million contract was the second @-@ largest contract ever signed by a pitcher . The deal included a vesting option for 2019 worth $ 24 million . If the option didn 't vest , it would have turned into a club option for $ 20 million that included a $ 6 million buyout . 
 Hamels finished the season with career highs in wins ( 17 ) and strikeouts ( 216 ) , and finished eighth in the NL Cy Young Award voting . His 3 @.@ 05 ERA ranked second @-@ best in his career ( behind only his 2 @.@ 79 ERA in 2011 ) . The Philadelphia chapter of the Baseball Writers ' Association of America presented him the " Steve Carlton Most Valuable Pitcher " award . 
 
 = = = = 2013 = = = = 
 
 Before the 2013 season in spring training , manager Charlie Manuel named Hamels the 2013 opening day starter , which Matt Gelb of The Philadelphia Inquirer wrote was a " long time coming " . In his first career opening day start on April 1 against the Atlanta Braves , Hamels surrendered five earned runs in five innings and took the loss . 
 Particularly early in the season , Hamels was plagued by a lack of run support ; as of May 27 , he had the fifth @-@ lowest in the major leagues . He lost his eighth start on May 27 , declining to a record of 1 – 8 , which one Sports Illustrated column attributed more to the Phillies poor offense than Hamels . Nevertheless , it was " easily ... Hamels ’ worst performance of his eight @-@ year career " . Aside from offensive struggles while Hamels was pitching , the Phillies defense struggled , though Hamels kept a positive attitude , once commenting that his luck should improve , as " I 've been doing pretty well on the plane in poker . " Towards the end of the season , however , Hamels " put it together " ; in his final 11 starts. he surrendered more than three runs only once . In total , he amassed an 8 – 14 record with a 3 @.@ 60 ERA in 220 innings and 202 strikeouts ( sixth in NL ) . Despite struggles from his teammates , Bill Baer noted that Hamels , 
 " ... was worse at generating swings and misses . His strikeout rate declined by 2 @.@ 6 percent and his overall swinging strike rate declined by 2 @.@ 1 percent . That doesn ’ t seem like a whole lot , but consider that opposing hitters swung at 1 @,@ 774 pitches during the 2013 season . A 2 @.@ 1 percent decrease means 37 fewer swings and misses . That 's a combination of 37 more balls in play or foul balls prolonging an at @-@ bat . " 
 Despite Hamels ' poor record and ERA , 25 of his 33 starts were quality starts , and thus he gave his team a chance to win 25 times , yet only got eight wins . 
 
 = = = = 2014 = = = = 
 
 Before the 2014 season , Hamels announced that he would not be ready to pitch on Opening Day because of tendonitis in his biceps . On April 6 Hamels pitched in a Minor League Class A @-@ Advanced game , striking out four while allowing two earned runs on three hits in four innings . He made his first start of the season on April 23 . 
 Despite lack of run support contributing to a poor win @-@ loss record , Hamels was among the best pitchers in the National League , and was even mentioned as a Cy Young candidate . On September 1 , Hamels pitched six innings of a Phillies combined no @-@ hitter against the Atlanta Braves . Hamels was pulled for a pinch hitter in the top of the seventh due to having five walks , a hit @-@ batter , and 108 pitches through six innings . Overall , Hamels was the only consistent star on the Phillies , finished sixth in Cy Young voting , and was frequently mentioned as a candidate to be traded in the offseason to bolster the Phillies ' lackluster farm system , after he avoided being dealt at the July trading deadline . 
 
 = = = = 2015 = = = = 
 
 At the start of the 2015 season , there was much focus and speculation regarding trade possibilities surrounding Hamels . The Boston Red Sox , Los Angeles Dodgers , Texas Rangers , Chicago Cubs , New York Yankees , and San Francisco Giants expressed interest in trading for him during the 2015 season . 
 On July 25 , 2015 , in what would be his final start for the Phillies before being traded , Hamels no @-@ hit the Chicago Cubs 5 – 0 at Wrigley Field , striking out 13 and only giving up two walks , both to Dexter Fowler and besting the Cubs ' Jake Arrieta — himself a no @-@ hit pitcher a month later , on August 30 of that season . It was the first no @-@ hitter against the Cubs since Sandy Koufax 's perfect game in 1965 , and first at Wrigley since the Cubs ' Milt Pappas in 1972 . Hamels also joined Vida Blue , Mike Witt , Kent Mercker and Kevin Millwood as no @-@ hit pitchers who also pitched in a combined no @-@ hitter . 
 
 = = = Texas Rangers = = = 
 
 On July 31 , 2015 , Hamels was traded to the Texas Rangers along with Jake Diekman in exchange for Matt Harrison , Nick Williams , Jorge Alfaro , Jake Thompson , Alec Asher , and Jerad Eickhoff . Hamels became the first pitcher to be traded during a regular season after pitching a no @-@ hitter in his final start with the team that traded him . Bert Blyleven had been the last pitcher to pitch a no @-@ hitter in his final start with the team that traded him ; after pitching a no @-@ hitter for the Rangers in his final start of the 1977 season , he was traded to the Pittsburgh Pirates that offseason . 
 With the Rangers , Hamels went 7 @-@ 1 in 12 starts with a 3 @.@ 66 ERA . The Rangers were under .500 as late as August 3 but posted a winning record for the remainder of the 2015 season and eventually overtook the Houston Astros in September for the American League West division lead . The Rangers clinched the AL West title on the final day of the season , as Hamels threw a complete @-@ game three @-@ hitter in a 9 @-@ 2 win over the Los Angeles Angels , the team 's 6th division title and 7th postseason appearance in franchise history . Hamels ' positive effect on the Rangers was compared to that of the Toronto Blue Jays ' David Price , another ace starting pitcher who helped spearhead a run to the postseason after blending in seamlessly with a struggling team who acquired him at the trade deadline . 
 The Rangers lost to the Toronto Blue Jays in five games in the Division Series after squandering a 2 @-@ 0 series lead . Hamels received a no @-@ decision in Game 2 as he left the game tied , but the Rangers won in 14 innings . Hamels started Game 5 , and was pulled in the bottom of the 7th inning while the Rangers were leading 3 @-@ 2 ; the Jays subsequently scored 4 runs to win 6 @-@ 3 , and Hamels was charged with the loss as he was responsible for the runners on base . 
 Starting in 2016 , the Texas Rangers have a special cheering section known as Hamels Heroes , whenever Hamels starts at Globe Life Park . It was inspired by the success of the Seattle Mariners ' " King 's Court " for Felix Hernandez . 
 Hamels was named the Opening Day starter for the Rangers in 2016 . On Opening Day , after allowing two home runs in two innings , Hamels calmed down to pitch 7 strong innings , while only allowing two runs on 4 hits and 8 strikeouts for a 2016 Opening Day win against the Seattle Mariners . On June 12 , in a start against Seattle , Hamels recorded his 2,000th career strikeout , becoming the 77th player , and 7th active player , to reach the milestone . 
 
 = = Scouting report = = 
 
 Hamels is known throughout baseball for possessing one of the better changeups in the game . In 2012 , Fangraphs ranked Hamels as having the fourth best changeup in the game trailing only Jason Vargas , Tommy Milone , and Félix Hernández . The Hardball Times called his changeup a " killer " pitch to right @-@ handed hitters , noting that while it is also effective against left @-@ handed hitters , when they put it in play , they generally have success . Rangers pitching coach Mike Maddux said of Hamels , 
 " It 's a difficult task to try to get young guys to throw changeups , because their whole amateur career is spent staring at the scout with the gun . For a young guy to have a good changeup , that 's an aptitude right there . It 's pitchability . " 
 The development of Hamels ' changeup is attributed by his high school pitching coach , Mark Furtak , to the fact that in high school he broke his arm . He could no longer work on his curveball for several months , and was forced to focus on the changeup . Chipper Jones , who was a star @-@ third baseman for the rival Atlanta Braves commented that Hamels is the " best lefthander in the National League ... you have to respect his fastball , and his change @-@ up is devastating . If you 're guessing fastball and you get change @-@ up , you 're way out in front of it . His change @-@ up is a soft sinker that just falls down . " Aside from the changeup , he throws a four @-@ seam fastball in the low 90s ( can reach 94 to 96 miles per hour ( 151 to 154 km / h ) ) , a cutter 87 to 89 miles per hour ( 140 to 143 km / h ) , and an " inconsistent " curveball that sometimes loops and other times is sharp , and hovers in the mid @-@ 70s ( around 73 to 77 miles per hour ( 117 to 124 km / h ) ) . Prior to the conception and advent of his cutter , he briefly threw a two @-@ seam fastball around 2008 and 2009 , before debuting his cutter in 2010 . Once he attained a " feel " for how to effectively utilize his cutter , it helped him increase his groundball rate ( percentage of balls in play that were groundballs ) , including to over 50 @-@ percent in 2011 . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 
 = = = Family = = = 
 
 Hamels , who is of Dutch descent , is the oldest of three children . He grew up in San Diego , where his parents still live . He now resides in Newtown Square , Pennsylvania with his wife , Heidi Strobel , whom he married on December 31 , 2006 , but they are making plans to move to the Dallas , Texas area full @-@ time during the 2015 offseason . Strobel was a contestant on the sixth season of the reality show Survivor : The Amazon . They had their first child , son Caleb Michael , on October 9 , 2009 , and their second son , Braxton , on November 2 , 2011 . On December 24 , 2012 , they adopted a baby girl from Ethiopia named Reeve . 
 
 = = = The Hamels Foundation = = = 
 
 Hamels created and currently runs an organization known as The Hamels Foundation with his wife , Heidi Strobel . The foundation was created in 2008 . The Hamels Foundation funds childhood programs in Philadelphia and Africa . 
 
 
 = Kyra ( Charmed ) = 
 
 Kyra , also known by her title the Seer , is a fictional character from the American television supernatural drama Charmed , which aired on the WB Television Network ( the WB ) from 1998 to 2006 . Charmed follows the supernatural adventures of the Charmed Ones , a trio of sisters known as the most powerful witches of all time . The character was created by executive producer Brad Kern and was portrayed by actress Charisma Carpenter . Carpenter was invited on the show after acting with Charmed cast member Holly Marie Combs on the ABC Family television film See Jane Date ( 2003 ) . The actress ' original contract was a guest star role that included three episodes in season seven , with media outlets reporting the possibility of Carpenter becoming a series regular . 
 A demon characterized by her powers of divination and precognition , she eventually forms a friendship with Leo Wyatt ( Brian Krause ) and the Charmed Ones , specifically Phoebe Halliwell ( Alyssa Milano ) , after expressing her desire to become human . Despite being killed by the demon Zankou ( Oded Fehr ) on the show , the character makes further canonical appearances in the comic book series Charmed : Season 10 . Her storylines focus on her involvement with witch Prue Halliwell 's new destiny , and her romantic relationship with the newly revived Benjamin Turner ( the father of Cole Turner ) . 
 The Kyra character has received mixed feedback from critics , and has been defined by her sex appeal and called " overtly sexual , coy and kitteny " , and " tasty " . Critics have positively and negatively compared the role to Carpenter 's previous performance as Cordelia Chase on the supernatural dramas Buffy the Vampire Slayer ( 1997 ) and Angel ( 1999 ) ; Demian of Television Without Pity criticized the character as a copy of Chase because of her lack of a unique identity . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 
 = = = Casting and creation = = = 
 
 Charisma Carpenter was invited to appear on Charmed because of her friendship with Holly Marie Combs after they had worked together on the ABC Family television film See Jane Date . Kyra was created as a separate character from the Seer ( Debbi Morgan ) , who was featured as the primary antagonist in the second half of season four . Carpenter joked that she was surprised to be considered for such a minor part on the show as a guest star . In an interview with her official fansite , Charmed cast member Rose McGowan stated that she looked forward to new characters like Kyra and Kyle Brody joining the show , saying " [ w ] e are all delighted to have them on board " . 
 According to Kristin Veitch of TV Guide , representatives from the WB Television Network ( the WB ) released a statement indicating the possibility of Kyra being promoted to star billing . In August 2004 , Carpenter was set to star in a UPN mid @-@ season replacement comedy called Like Cats and Dogs , but she expressed interest in doing more episodes of Charmed if the pilot was not picked up by the network . She stated while she enjoyed working in the supernatural genre , and viewed it as " familiar " territory , she was hesitant about committing to the show 's demanding shooting schedule as it would take time away from raising her son . 
 Kyra was one of three characters with precognition that Carpenter has played in her career , including Cordelia Chase from supernatural dramas Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Angel , and Heather from the Syfy horror film Voodoo Moon ( 2006 ) . In an interview with film journal Static Mass Emporium , Carpenter did not personally identify as a " vision girl " , but described feeling a love for roles involving seers . 
 
 = = = Characterization = = = 
 
 In an interview with Charmed Magazine , Carpenter described Kyra as having the same sassiness as Cordelia Chase , added that Kyra was " totally evil and a lot sexier " than Chase . She felt that the emphasis on sexuality was the main aspect of the character 's personality , calling her " overtly sexual , coy , and kitteny " . While she viewed Chase as a " smartass " , Carpenter defined Kyra as a " temptress " and a " jezebel " and opined that her flirtatious banter with Leo Wyatt was meant to be a part of her own agenda . She stated that the way she portrayed Kyra was influenced by her revealing outfit , feeling that every woman on Charmed had to look and act " hot " and " notoriously sexy " . 
 Pat Shand , the writer of Charmed : Season 10 , said he incorporated Kyra in the comic book series as he enjoyed her dialogue and Carpenter 's performance of the character ; he wrote : " To write dialogue for a character played by Charisma is to hear Charisma in your head . Who would turn that down ? " . Shand commended Carpenter 's ability to voice characters in " a very unique rhythm " and called the process of replicating that energy in the form of comics as " a blast " and " super easy " in comparison with the show 's other characters . 
 When discussing the development of the season , Shand said that the pairing of Kyra and Prue Halliwell 's storylines was a " natural fit " , especially since both characters were his favorites from the series . He clarified that Kyra 's return , specifically her relationship with Benjamin , was central to the season and called it " straight up plot " and " inextricable " from Prue 's storylines in response to fans ' concerns about the character being limited to being part of a subplot . While the two women never interacted on the show , he explained that Prue sifted through " all of the seers in all of the history to see who best tell her what 's the deal " with her new powers and destiny . Shand said Kyra was a vital part of Prue 's plans to perform the Advent , a ritual that would resurrect a powerful race of evil demons known as the Old Ones . 
 
 = = Appearances = = 
 
 
 = = = Television = = = 
 
 The Kyra character first appears in the season seven episode " Cheaper by the Coven " , when she helps Leo Wyatt ( Brian Krause ) uncover the identity of a masked demon attacking his son Wyatt Halliwell . She is shown as possessing the powers of precognition and divination through the use of a magical pool . She later works with the half @-@ demon Sirk on his plans to track down and kill his mortal relatives in order to seal his transformation as a full demon . As a demon , Kyra cannot feel emotions , but she is shown to be curious about the world of mortals . Longing to experience the emotions she sees in her visions , she contacts the Elders ( a council of whitelighters which governs the forces of good ) to make a deal where she would trade her information on the then unknown threat , the Avatars , if she is made human . The Avatars are later revealed to a group of magical beings capable of warping reality who devote themselves to creating a world without good or evil . As word of Kyra 's betrayal spreads across the Underworld , Leo is sent to save her and bring her to the Halliwell Manor during the negotiations . 
 While at the manor , Kyra bonds with Phoebe Halliwell ( Alyssa Milano ) over their shared powers of premonition . She guides Phoebe and Lieutenant Darryl Morris ( Dorian Gregory ) to Inspector Sheridan ( Jenya Lano ) , a member of the San Francisco police department who was placed in a coma by FBI agent Kyle Brody ( Kerr Smith ) ; Brody had sequestered Sheridan after she discovered the truth about the Halliwell sisters being witches . Kyra shares her premonition of the Avatars with Phoebe . While the prior episodes established the Avatar as a threat , Kyra 's vision shows Phoebe and her future daughter living in a utopia where demons no longer exist . After witnessing the vision , Phoebe has a premonition of the demon Zankou ( Oded Fehr ) vanquishing Kyra . In order to prevent Kyra 's death , Phoebe convinces the Elders to provide a spell to turn Kyra human . During this time , Kyra forces Leo to reveal his true identity as an Avatar to the sisters . While Piper Halliwell ( Holly Marie Combs ) helps her to prepare for her new life as a mortal , Kyra reveals her real name and abandons her title as " the Seer " . Before the sisters can transform Kyra into a mortal , Zankou kills her because of her betrayal of the demonic world , and his fear of what she might tell the sisters . Her death is a turning point in the season as it pushes the sisters to agree to meet and to help the Avatars build their new world . 
 
 = = = Literature = = = 
 
 In Charmed : Season 10 ( the canonical comic book continuation of the TV series ) , Prue Halliwell summons Kyra from the past in order to better understand her new identity as the guardian of the Nexus of the All ( a spiritual energy that forms the basis of all magic ) . After completing a ritual that allowed Prue to enter her own mind , she turns Kyra human . Despite being overjoyed at her transformation , Kyra is uncertain about her plans for the future . She decides to reconnect with the other Halliwell sisters and devote her life to doing good . She begins by helping the newly resurrected Benjamin Turner , who is the father of Cole Turner ( Julian McMahon ) , readjust to his new life . As they spend more time together , Kyra falls in love with Benjamin and they start a romantic relationship . At the end of issue # 18 ( " Tribunal and Tribulations " ) , Prue kidnaps Kyra , along with Bejnamin and the archai ( a magical being capable of opening portals through reality ) Tyler Michaels , and takes them to a space deep within the Earth . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Throughout her run on Charmed , Kyra received mixed critical feedback . Television critic Melanie McFarland of the Seattle Post @-@ Intelligencer deemed the character a " tasty demon seer " and entertainment news website Hypable 's Karen Rought praised her as being the most memorable incarnation of the Seer and a fitting role for Carpenter after her previous performance as Chase . SpoilerTV 's Gavin Hetherington called Kyra a " great highlight of the season " . Charmed Magazine 's Tara Dilullo viewed Carpenter as the perfect actress to play Kyra as she " spent the better part of her career facing down the supernatural with a snark and a smile " . In an article from Today , reader Patrick Kelly cited Carpenter 's appearance on Charmed as an indicator of her popularity among the 16- to 39 @-@ year @-@ old male demographic . 
 Nadim of Nad 's Reviews opined that Carpenter should have been offered a permanent part on the show Pat Shand criticized the show 's decision to kill the character , saying that she would have filled the role of the " fourth main character " or " non @-@ Charmed One getting all that screen time " in season eight rather than novice witch Billie Jenkins ( Kaley Cuoco ) . He added that he wished that the character had a spin @-@ off with Cole Turner and Darryl Morris . 
 Demian of Television Without Pity praised the show 's decision to hire an actor from one of Joss Whedon 's shows , but was critical of Kyra 's introduction in the episode " Cheaper by the Coven " , saying that Carpeter was misused and " given so little to do " . He referred to the character negatively as " Cordelia Lite " . Parodying the character 's lack of a concrete identity , he referenced Kyra as " Charisma " and " Cordelia " in his recaps of the later episodes . 
 
 
 = Réunion ibis = 
 
 The Réunion ibis or Réunion sacred ibis ( Threskiornis solitarius ) is an extinct species of ibis that was endemic to the volcanic island of Réunion in the Indian Ocean . The first subfossil remains were found in 1974 , and the ibis was first scientifically described in 1987 . Its closest relatives are the Malagasy sacred ibis , the African sacred ibis , and the straw @-@ necked ibis . 
 Travellers ' accounts from the 17th and 18th centuries described a white bird that flew with difficulty , and it was subsequently referred to as the Réunion solitaire . In the mid 19th century , the old travellers ' accounts were incorrectly assumed to refer to white relatives of the dodo , due to one account specifically mentioning dodos on the island , and because 17th @-@ century paintings of white dodos had recently surfaced . However , no fossils referable to dodo @-@ like birds were ever found on Réunion , and it was later questioned whether the paintings had anything to do with the island . Other identities were suggested as well , based only on speculation . In the late 20th century , the discovery of a subfossil ibis led to the idea that the old accounts actually referred to an ibis species instead . The idea that the solitaire and the subfossil ibis are identical has only met with limited dissent , and is now widely accepted . 
 Combined , the old descriptions and subfossils show that the Réunion ibis was mainly white , with this colour merging into yellow and grey . The wing tips and plumes of ostrich @-@ like feathers on its rear were black . The neck and legs were long , the beak was relatively straight and short for an ibis . It was more robust in build than its extant relatives , but was otherwise quite similar to them . Subfossil wing @-@ bones indicate it had reduced flight capabilities , a feature perhaps linked to seasonal fattening . The diet of the Réunion ibis was worms and other items foraged from soil . It preferred solitude ( hence the name " solitaire " ) . In the 17th century , it lived in mountainous areas , but it may have been confined to these remote heights by heavy hunting by humans and predation by introduced animals in the more accessible areas of the island . Visitors to Réunion praised its flavour , and therefore sought after its flesh . These factors are believed to have driven the Réunion ibis to extinction by the early 18th century . 
 
 = = Taxonomy = = 
 
 The taxonomic history of the Réunion ibis is convoluted and complex , due to the ambiguous and meagre evidence that was available to scientists until recently . The supposed " white dodo " of Réunion is now believed to have been an erroneous conjecture based on the few contemporary reports which described the Réunion ibis , combined with paintings of white dodos from Mauritius by the Dutch painters Pieter Withoos and Pieter Holsteyn II ( and derivatives ) from the 17th century that surfaced in the 19th century . 
 The English Chief Officer John Tatton was the first to mention a specifically white bird on Réunion , in 1625 . The French occupied the island from 1646 and onwards , and referred to this bird as the " solitaire " . M. Carré of the French East Indies Company described the solitaire in 1699 , explaining the reason for its name : 
 I saw a kind of bird in this place which I have not found elsewhere ; it is that which the inhabitants call the Oiseaux Solitaire for to be sure , it loves solitude and only frequents the most secluded places ; one never sees two or more together ; it is always alone . It is not unlike a turkey , if it did not have longer legs . The beauty of its plumage is a delight to see . It is of changeable colour which verges upon yellow . The flesh is exquisite ; it forms one of the best dishes in this country , and might form a dainty at our tables . We wished to keep two of these birds to send to France and present them to His Majesty , but as soon as they were on board ship , they died of melancholy , having refused to eat or drink . 
 A marooned French Huguenot , François Leguat , used the name " solitaire " for the Raphine bird he encountered on the nearby island of Rodrigues in the 1690s , but it is thought he borrowed the name from a 1689 tract by Marquis Henri Duquesne which mentioned the Réunion species . Duquesne himself had probably based his own description on an earlier one . No specimens of the solitaire were ever preserved . The two individuals Carré attempted to send to the royal menagerie in France did not survive in captivity . Billiard claimed that Bertrand @-@ François Mahé de La Bourdonnais sent a " solitaire " to France from Réunion around 1740 . Since the Réunion ibis is believed to have gone extinct by this date , the bird may actually have been a Rodrigues solitaire . 
 The only contemporary writer who referred specifically to " dodos " inhabiting Réunion was the Dutch sailor Willem Ysbrandtszoon Bontekoe , though he did not mention their colouration : 
 There were also Dod @-@ eersen [ old Dutch for dodos ] , which have small wings , and so far from being able to fly , they were so fat that they could scarcely walk , and when they tried to run , they dragged their under side along the ground . 
 When his journal was published in 1646 , it was accompanied by an engraving which is now known to have been copied after one of the dodos in the Flemish painter Roelant Savery 's " Crocker Art Gallery sketch " . Since Bontekoe was shipwrecked and lost all his belongings after visiting Réunion in 1619 , he may not have written his account until he returned to Holland , seven years later , which would put its reliability in question . He may have concluded in hindsight that it was a dodo , finding what he saw similar to accounts of that bird . 
 
 = = = Early interpretation = = = 
 
 In the 1770s , the French naturalist Comte de Buffon stated that the dodo inhabited both Mauritius and Réunion . It is unclear why he included Réunion , but he also combined accounts about the Rodrigues solitaire and a third bird ( " oiseau de Nazareth " , now thought to be a dodo ) under the same section . English naturalist Hugh Edwin Strickland discussed the old descriptions of the Réunion solitaire in his 1848 book The Dodo and Its Kindred , and concluded it was distinct from the dodo and Rodrigues solitaire . Baron Edmond de Sélys Longchamps coined the scientific name Apterornis solitarius for the Réunion solitaire in 1848 , apparently making it the type species of the genus , in which he also included two other Mascarene birds only known from contemporary accounts , the red rail and the Réunion swamphen . As the name Apterornis had already been used for a different bird by Richard Owen , and the other former names were likewise invalid , Bonaparte coined the new binomial Ornithaptera borbonica in 1854 ( Bourbon was the original French name for Réunion ) . In 1854 , Hermann Schlegel placed the solitaire in the same genus as the dodo , and named it Didus apterornis . He restored it strictly according to contemporary accounts , which resulted in an ibis or stork @-@ like bird instead of a dodo . As it was considered congeneric with the dodo , the Réunion solitaire was long believed to also be a member of the Dididae family of pigeons . 
 In 1856 , William Coker announced the discovery of a 17th @-@ century " Persian " painting of a white dodo among waterfowl , which he had been shown in England . The artist was later identified as Pieter Withoos , and many prominent 19th @-@ century naturalists subsequently assumed the image depicted the white solitaire of Réunion , a possibility originally proposed by ornithologist John Gould . Simultaneously , several similar paintings of white dodos by Pieter Holsteyn II were discovered in the Netherlands . In 1869 , the English ornithologist Alfred Newton argued that the Withoos ' painting and engraving in Bontekoe 's memoir depicted a living Réunion dodo that had been brought to Holland , while explaining its blunt beak as a result of beak trimming to prevent it from injuring humans . He also brushed aside the inconsistencies between the illustrations and descriptions , especially the long , thin beak implied by one contemporary account . 
 Newton 's words particularly cemented the validity of this connection among contemporary peers , and several of them expanded on his views . Dutch zoologist Anthonie Cornelis Oudemans suggested that the discrepancies between the paintings and the old descriptions were due to the paintings showing a female , and that the species was therefore sexually dimorphic . Walter Rothschild claimed the yellow wings might have been due to albinism in this particular specimen , since the old descriptions described these as black . By the early 20th century , many other paintings and even physical remains were claimed to be white dodos , amid much speculation . Some believed the solitaire of the old descriptions was rather a species similar to the Rodrigues solitaire . Rothschild commissioned British artist Frederick William Frohawk to restore the Réunion solitaire as both a white dodo , based on the Withoos painting , and as a distinct bird based on Dubois ' description , for his 1907 book Extinct Birds . In 1953 , the Japanese writer Masauji Hachisuka went as far as referring to the white dodos of the paintings as Victoriornis imperialis , and the solitaire of the accounts as Ornithaptera solitarius . 
 
 = = = Recent interpretation = = = 
 
 Until the late 1980s , belief in the existence of a white dodo on Réunion was the orthodox view , and only a few researchers doubted the connection between the solitaire accounts and the dodo paintings . They cautioned that no conclusions could be made without solid evidence such as fossils , and that nothing indicated that the white dodos in the paintings had anything to do with Réunion . In 1970 , Robert W. Storer predicted that if any such remains were found , they would not belong to Raphinae , or even Columbidae . 
 The first subfossil bird remains on Réunion were found in 1974 , and assigned to a stork , Ciconia sp . The remains were found in a cave , which indicated it had been brought there and eaten by early settlers . It was speculated that the remains could have belonged to a large , mysterious bird described by Leguat , and called " Leguat 's giant " by some ornithologists . " Leguat 's giant " is now thought to be based on a locally extinct population of flamingos . In 1987 , subfossils of a recently extinct species of ibis from Réunion were described as Borbonibis latipes , and thought related to the bald ibises of the genus Geronticus . In 1994 , the " stork " remains were shown to belong to this ibis as well . The 1987 discovery led biologist Anthony S. Cheke to suggest to one of the describers , Francois Moutou , that the subfossils may have been of the Réunion solitaire . This suggestion was published by the describers of Borbonibis in 1995 , and they also reassigned it to the genus Threskiornis , now combined with the specific epithet solitarius from de Sélys @-@ Longchamps ' 1848 binomial for the solitaire . The authors pointed out that the contemporary descriptions matched the appearance and behaviour of an ibis more than a member of the Raphinae , especially since a fragment of a comparatively short and straight ibis mandible was discovered in 1994 , and because ibis remains were abundant in some localities ; it would be strange if contemporary writers never mentioned such a relatively common bird , whereas they mentioned most other species subsequently known from fossils . 
 The possible origin of the 17th @-@ century white dodo paintings has also recently been examined by biologist Arturo Valledor de Lozoya in 2003 , and independently by experts of Mascarene fauna Anthony Cheke and Julian Hume in 2004 . The Withoos and Holsteyn paintings are clearly derived from each other , and Withoos likely copied his dodo from one of Holsteyn 's works , since these were probably produced at an earlier date . All later white dodo pictures are thought to be based on these paintings . According to the aforementioned writers , it appears these pictures were themselves derived from a whitish dodo in a previously unreported painting containing , called Landscape with Orpheus and the Animals , produced by Roelant Savery c . 1611 . The dodo was apparently based on a stuffed specimen then in Prague ; a walghvogel ( old Dutch for dodo ) described as having a " dirty off @-@ white colouring " was mentioned in an inventory of specimens in the Prague collection of the Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II to whom Savery was contracted at the time ( 1607 – 1611 ) . Savery 's several later dodo images all show greyish birds , possibly because he had by then seen a normal specimen . Cheke and Hume concluded the painted specimen was white due to albinism , and that this peculiar feature was the reason it was collected from Mauritius and brought to Europe . Valledor de Lozoya instead suggested that the light plumage was a juvenile trait , a result of bleaching of old taxidermy specimens , or simply due to artistic license . 
 No fossil remains of dodo @-@ like birds have ever been found on Réunion . A few later sources take issue with the proposed ibis @-@ identity of the solitaire , and have even regarded the " white dodo " as a valid species . British writer Errol Fuller agrees that the 17th @-@ century paintings do not depict Réunion birds , but has questioned whether the ibis subfossils are necessarily connected to the solitaire accounts . He notes that no evidence indicates the extinct ibis survived until the time Europeans reached Réunion . Cheke and Hume have dismissed such sentiments as being mere " belief " and " hope " in the existence of a dodo on the island . 
 
 = = = Evolution = = = 
 
 The volcanic island of Réunion is only three million years old , whereas Mauritius and Rodrigues , with each their flightless Raphine species , are eight to ten million years old , and it is unlikely that either bird would have been capable of flying after five or more million years of adapting to the islands . Therefore , it is unlikely that Réunion could have been colonised by flightless birds from these islands , and only flighted species on the island have relatives there . Three million years is enough time for flightless and weak flying abilities to have evolved in bird species on Réunion itself . But such species would have been wiped out by the eruption of the volcano Piton des Neiges between 300 @,@ 000 and 180 @,@ 000 years ago . Most recent species would therefore likely be descendants of animals which had recolonised the island from Africa or Madagascar after this event , which is not enough time for a bird to become flightless . 
 In 1995 , morphological study suggested the closest extant relatives of the Réunion ibis are the African sacred ibis ( T. aethiopicus ) of Africa and the straw @-@ necked ibis ( T. spinicollis ) of Australia . It has also been suggested that it was closest to the Malagasy sacred ibis ( T. bernieri ) , and therefore of ultimately African origin . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Contemporary accounts described the species as having white and grey plumage merging into yellow , black wing tips and tail feathers , a long neck and legs , and limited flight capabilities . Sieur Dubois ' 1674 account is the most detailed contemporary description of the bird , here as translated by Hugh Strickland in 1848 : 
 Solitaires . These birds are so called because they always go alone . They are the size of a large Goose , and are white , with the tips of the wings and tail black . The tail feathers resemble those of an Ostrich ; the neck is long , and the beak is like that of a Woodcock , but larger ; the legs and feet like those of Turkeys . This bird has recourse to running , as it flies but very little . 
 The plumage colouration mentioned is similar to that of the related African sacred ibis and straw @-@ necked ibis , which are also mainly white and glossy black . In the reproductive season , the ornamental feathers on the back and wing tips of the African sacred ibis look similar to the feathers of an ostrich , which echoes Dubois ' description . Likewise , a subfossil lower jaw found in 1994 showed that the bill of the Réunion ibis was relatively short and straight for an ibis , which corresponds with Dubois ' woodcock comparison . Cheke and Hume have suggested that the French word ( bécasse ) from Dubois ' original description , usually translated to " woodcock " , could also mean oystercatcher , another bird with a long , straight , but slightly more robust , bill . They have also pointed out that the last sentence is mistranslated , and actually means the bird could be caught by running after it . The bright colouration of the plumage mentioned by some authors may refer to iridescence , as seen in the straw @-@ necked ibis . 
 Subfossils of the Réunion ibis show that it was more robust , likely much heavier , and had a larger head than the African sacred and straw @-@ necked ibises . It was nonetheless similar to them in most features . Rough protuberances on the wing bones of the Réunion ibis are similar to those of birds that use their wings in combat . It was perhaps flightless , but this has not left significant osteological traces ; no complete skeletons have been collected , but of the known pectoral elements , only one feature indicates reduction in flight capability . The coracoid is elongated and the radius and ulna are robust , as in flighted birds , but a particular foramen between a metacarpal and the alular is otherwise only known from flightless birds , such as some ratites , penguins , and several extinct species . As contemporary accounts are inconsistent on whether the solitaire was flightless or had some flight capability , Mourer @-@ Chauvire suggested that this was dependent on seasonal fat @-@ cycles , meaning that individuals fattened themselves during cool seasons , but were slim during hot seasons ; perhaps it could not fly when it was fat , but could when it was not . However , Dubois specifically stated the solitaires did not have fat @-@ cycles , unlike most other Réunion birds . 
 
 = = Behaviour and ecology = = 
 
 The species was termed a land @-@ bird by Dubois , so it did not live in typical ibis habitats such as wetlands . It has been proposed that this is because the ancestors of the bird colonised Réunion before swamps had developed , and had therefore become adapted to the available habitats . They were perhaps prevented from colonising Mauritius as well due to the presence of red rails there , which may have occupied a similar niche . It appears to have lived in high altitudes , and perhaps had a limited distribution . The only mention of its diet and exact habitat is Jean Feuilley 's account from 1708 , which is also the last record of a living individual : 
 The solitaires are the size of an average turkey cock , grey and white in colour . They inhabit the tops of mountains . Their food is only worms and filth , taken on or in the soil . 
 The diet and mode of foraging described by Feuilley matches that of an ibis , whereas members of the Raphinae are known to have been fruit eaters . Accounts by early visitors indicate the species was found near their landing sites , but they were found only in remote places by 1667 . The bird may have survived in eastern lowlands until the 1670s . Though many late 17th century accounts state the bird was good food , Feuilley stated it tasted bad . This may be because it changed its diet when it moved to more rugged , higher terrain , to escape pigs that destroyed its nests ; since it had limited flight capabilities , it probably nested on the ground . 
 Many other endemic species of Réunion became extinct after the arrival of man and the resulting disruption of the island 's ecosystem . The Réunion ibis lived alongside other recently extinct birds such as the hoopoe starling , the Mascarene parrot , the Réunion parakeet , the Réunion swamphen , the Réunion owl , the Réunion night heron , and the Réunion pink pigeon . Extinct reptiles include the Réunion giant tortoise and an undescribed Leiolopisma skink . The small Mauritian flying fox and the snail Tropidophora carinata lived on Réunion and Mauritius , but vanished from both islands . 
 
 = = Extinction = = 
 
 As Réunion was populated by settlers , the Réunion ibis appears to have become confined to the tops of mountains . Introduced predators such as cats and rats took a toll . Overhunting also contributed and several contemporary accounts state the bird was widely hunted for food . In 1625 , John Tatton described the tameness of the bird and how easy it was to hunt , as well as the large quantity consumed : 
 There is store of land fowle both small and great , plenty of Doves , great Parrats , and such like ; and a great fowle of the bignesse of a Turkie , very fat , and so short winged , that they cannot fly , being white , and in a manner tame : and so be all other fowles , as having not been troubled nor feared with shot . Our men did beat them down with sticks and stones . Ten men may take fowle enough to serve fortie men a day . 
 In 1671 , Melet mentioned the culinary quality of this species , and described the slaughter of several types of birds on the island : 
 ( A ) nother sort of bird called solitaires which are very good ( to eat ) and the beauty of their plumage is most fascinating for the diversity of bright colours that shine on their wing and around their necks ... There are birds in such great confusion and so tame that it is not necessary to go hunting with firearms , they can so easily be killed with a little stick or rod . During the five or six days that we were allowed to go into the woods , so many were killed that our General [ de La Haye ] was constrained to forbid anyone going beyond a hundred paces from the camp for fear the whole quarter would be destroyed , for one needed only to catch one bird alive and make it cry out , to have in a moment whole flocks coming to perch on people , so that often without moving from one spot one could kill hundreds . But , seeing that it would have been impossible to wipe out such a huge quantity , permission was again given to kill , which gave great joy to everyone , because very good fare was had at no expense . 
 The last definite account of the " solitaire " of Réunion was Feuilley 's from 1708 , indicating that the species probably became extinct sometime early in the century . In the 1820s , Louis Henri de Freycinet asked an old slave about drontes ( old Dutch word for dodo ) , and was told the bird existed around Saint @-@ Joseph when his father was an infant . This would perhaps be a century earlier , but the account may be unreliable . Cheke and Hume suspect that feral cats initially hunted wildlife in the lowlands and later turned to higher inland areas , which were probably the last stronghold of the Réunion ibis , as they were unreachable by pigs . The species is thought to have been driven to extinction around 1710 – 1715 . 
 
 
 = December 1964 South Vietnamese coup = 
 
 The December 1964 South Vietnamese coup took place before dawn on December 19 , 1964 , when the ruling military junta of South Vietnam led by General Nguyễn Khánh dissolved the High National Council ( HNC ) and arrested some of its members . The HNC was an unelected legislative @-@ style civilian advisory body they had created at the request of the United States — South Vietnam 's main sponsor — to give a veneer of civilian rule . The dissolution dismayed the Americans , particularly the ambassador , Maxwell D. Taylor , who engaged in an angry war of words with various generals including Khánh and threatened aid cuts . They were unable to do anything about the fait accompli that had been handed to them , because they strongly desired to win the Vietnam War and needed to support the Army of the Republic of Vietnam . Instead , Taylor 's searing verbal attacks were counterproductive as they galvanized the Vietnamese officers around the embattled Khánh . At the time , Khánh 's leadership was under threat from his fellow generals , as well as Taylor , who had fallen out with him and was seeking his removal . 
 The genesis of the removal of the HNC was a power struggle within the ruling junta . Khánh , who had been saved from an earlier coup attempt in September 1964 by the intervention of some younger generals dubbed the Young Turks , was indebted to them and needed to satisfy their wishes to stay in power . The Young Turks disliked a group of older officers who had been in high leadership positions but were now in powerless posts , and wanted to sideline them completely . As a result , they decided to hide their political motives by introducing a policy to compulsorily retire all general officers with more than 25 years of service . The chief of state Phan Khắc Sửu , an elderly figure appointed by the military to give a semblance of civilian rule , did not want to sign the decree without the agreement of the HNC , which mostly consisted of old men . The HNC recommended against the new policy , and the younger officers , led by I Corps commander General Nguyễn Chánh Thi and Air Marshal Nguyễn Cao Kỳ , disbanded the body and arrested some of its members along with other politicians . 
 As a result of this event , Taylor summoned Khánh to his office . Khánh sent Thi , Kỳ , the commander of the Republic of Vietnam Navy Admiral Chung Tấn Cang and IV Corps commander General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu , and after beginning with " Do all of you understand English ? " , Taylor harshly berated them and threatened cuts in aid . While angered by Taylor 's manner , the officers defended themselves in a restrained way . The next day Khánh met Taylor and the Vietnamese leader made oblique accusations that the U.S. wanted a puppet ally ; he also criticized Taylor for his manner the previous day . When Taylor told Khánh he had lost confidence in his leadership , Taylor was threatened with expulsion , to which he responded with threats of total aid cuts . Later however , Khánh said he would leave Vietnam along with some other generals he named , and during a phone conversation , asked Taylor to help with travel arrangements . He then asked Taylor to repeat the names of the would @-@ be exiles for confirmation , and Taylor complied , not knowing that Khánh was taping the dialogue . Khánh then showed the tape to his colleagues out of context , misleading them into thinking that Taylor wanted them expelled from their own country to raise the prestige of his embattled leadership . 
 Over the next few days , Khánh embarked on a media offensive , repeatedly criticizing U.S. policy and decrying what he saw as an undue influence and infringement on Vietnamese sovereignty , explicitly condemning Taylor and declaring the nation 's independence from " foreign manipulation " . Khánh and the Young Turks began preparations to expel Taylor before changing their minds ; however , Khánh 's misleading tactics had rallied the Young Turks around his fragile leadership for at least the short @-@ term future . The Americans were forced to back down on their insistence that the HNC be restored and did not carry through on Taylor 's threats to cut off aid , despite Saigon 's defiance . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 On September 26 , 1964 , Nguyễn Khánh and the senior officers in his military junta created a semblance of civilian rule by forming the High National Council ( HNC ) , an appointed advisory body akin to a legislature . This came after lobbying by American officials — led by Ambassador Maxwell Taylor — in Vietnam , as they placed great value in the appearance of civilian legitimacy , which they saw as vital to building a popular base for any government . Khánh put his rival General Dương Văn Minh — who he had deposed in a January 1964 coup — in charge of picking the 17 members of the HNC , and Minh filled it with figures sympathetic to him . The HNC then made a resolution to recommend a political model with a powerful head of state , which would likely be Minh , given their sympathy towards him . Khánh did not want his rival taking power , so he and the Americans convinced the HNC to dilute the powers of the position to make it unappealing to Minh , who was then sent on an overseas diplomatic goodwill tour to remove him from the political scene . However , Minh was back in South Vietnam after a few months and the power balance in the junta was still fragile . 
 The HNC , which had representatives from a wide range of social groups , selected the aging civilian politician Phan Khắc Sửu as chief of state , and Suu chose Trần Văn Hương as prime minister , a position that had greater power . However , Khánh and the senior generals retained the real power . At the same time , a group of Catholic officers were trying to replace Khánh with their co @-@ religionist , General Nguyễn Văn Thiệu , and the incumbent was under pressure . During 1964 , South Vietnam had suffered a succession of setbacks on the battlefield , in part due to disunity in the military and a focus on coup plotting . In the meantime , both Saigon and Washington were planning a large @-@ scale bombing campaign against North Vietnam in an attempt to deter communist aggression , but were waiting for stability in the south before starting the air strikes . 
 
 = = Compulsory retirement policy = = 
 
 Khánh and a group of younger officers called the Young Turks — led by chief of the Vietnam Air Force , Air Marshal Nguyễn Cao Kỳ , commander of I Corps General Nguyễn Chánh Thi and IV Corps commander Thiệu — wanted to forcibly retire officers with more than 25 years of service , as they thought them to be lethargic and ineffective , but most importantly , rivals for power . Most of the older officers had more experience under the Vietnamese National Army during the French colonial era , and some of the younger men saw them as too detached from the modern situation . The Young Turks had quite a lot of influence over Khánh , as Thi and Kỳ had intervened militarily to save him from a coup attempt in September by Generals Lâm Văn Phát and Dương Văn Đức . 
 One of the specific and unspoken aims of this proposed policy was to remove Generals Minh , Trần Văn Đôn , Lê Văn Kim and Mai Hữu Xuân from the military . This quartet , along with Tôn Thất Đính , had been the leading members of a junta that overthrew President Ngô Đình Diệm in November 1963 . The generals who deposed Diệm did not trust Khánh because of his habit of changing sides , and Khánh was angered by their snubs . Khánh put Don , Kim , Xuan and Dinh under arrest in Da Lat after his January coup , claiming they were about to make a deal with the communists , a falsehood to cover up his motive of revenge . These four thus became known as the " Da Lat Generals " . Khánh later released them and placed them into meaningless desk jobs with no work to do , although they were still being paid . Khánh did this as he thought the Young Turks had become too powerful and he hoped to use the Da Lat Generals as a counterweight . All this time , Minh had been allowed to continue as a figurehead chief of state due to his popularity , but Khánh was intent on sidelining him too . The Young Turks were fully aware of Khánh 's motives for rehabilitating the Da Lat Generals , and wanted to marginalize them . In public , Khánh and the Young Turks claimed the Da Lat Generals and Minh , who had returned from his overseas tour , had been making plots with the Buddhist activists to regain power . 
 Suu 's signature was required to pass the ruling , but he referred the matter to the HNC to get their opinion . The HNC turned down the request . There was speculation the HNC did this as many of them were old , and therefore did not appreciate the generals ' negativity towards seniors — some South Vietnamese mockingly called the HNC the High National Museum . On December 19 , a Saturday , the generals moved to dissolve the HNC by arresting some of its members . The HNC had already ceased to function in any meaningful way , as only 9 of the 17 members were still occasionally attending its meetings , and few on a regular basis . 
 
 = = Dissolution of the High National Council = = 
 
 Before dawn on December 19 , there were troop movements in the capital as the junta deposed the civilians . The operation was commanded by Thi — who had travelled into Saigon from I Corps in the far north — and Kỳ . The national police , which was under the control of the army , moved through the streets , arresting five HNC members , other politicians and student leaders they deemed to be an obstacle to their aims . Minh and the other aging generals were arrested and flown to Pleiku , a Central Highlands town in a Montagnard area , while other officers were simply imprisoned in Saigon . The junta 's forces also arrested around 100 members of the National Salvation Council ( NSC ) of Le Khac Quyen ; the NSC was a new party active in central Vietnam in the I Corps region and opposed to the expansion of the war . It was aligned with Thi and the Buddhist activist monk Thích Trí Quang , but as Thi was active in the purge , it was believed he had fallen out with Quyen . 
 At this point , Khánh had not spoken up and allowed the impression that the moves had been made without his consultation or against his will , and an attempt on the part of other officers to take power themselves . Hương had actually privately endorsed the dissolution of the HNC , as both he and the Young Turks thought it would allow them to gain more power and influence over Khánh . 
 The infighting exasperated Taylor , the US Ambassador to South Vietnam and former Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff , who felt the disputes between the junta 's senior officers were derailing the war effort . Only a few days earlier , General William Westmoreland — the commander of US forces in Vietnam — had invited him and the Vietnamese generals home to a dinner . There Taylor asked for an end to the persistent changes in leadership , and Khánh and his men assured him of stability . Westmoreland warned that persistent instability would turn the American political class and public against Saigon , as they would deem it useless to support such a regime . Taylor initially cabled the State Department back in the US to state a " naked military fist " had " crumpled [ the ] carefully woven fabric of civilian government " , and that the arrest of the civilians would be " immediately and understandably interpreted by all the world as another military coup , setting back all that had been accomplished " since the formation of the HNC and the creation of a veneer of civilian rule . He went on to say that an " inescapable conclusion that if a group of military officers could issue decisions abolishing one of the three fundamental organs of the governmental structure ... and carry out military arrests of civilians , that group of military officers has clearly set themselves above and beyond the structure of government in Vietnam . " Taylor bemoaned the fact that the generals had shown no second thoughts about ignoring US policy recommendations , particularly in disregarding his explicit advice to maintain stable civilian rule , at least at a nominal level . Taylor issued a thinly disguised threat to cut aid , releasing a public statement saying Washington might reconsider its military funding if " the fabric of legal government " was not reinstated . 
 
 = = Angry confrontations with Maxwell Taylor = = 
 
 Taylor summoned Khánh to his office , but the Vietnamese leader sent Thi , Kỳ , Thiệu and Admiral Chung Tấn Cang , the commander of the Republic of Vietnam Navy , instead . Taylor asked the four to sit down and then said " Do all of you understand English ? " The ambassador then angrily denounced the officers . According to Stanley Karnow , Taylor " launched into a tirade , scolding them as if he were still superintendent of West Point and they a group of cadets caught cheating " . He said " I told you all clearly at General Westmoreland 's dinner we Americans were tired of coups . Apparently I wasted my words . " He decried the removal of the HNC as " totally illegal " , and said it had " destroyed the government @-@ making process " , and that " I made it clear that all the military plans I know you would like to carry out are dependent on government stability " , something he felt had been lost with the dismissal of the HNC . He said " ... you have made a real mess . We cannot carry you forever if you do things like this . " Taylor believed the HNC to be an essential part of the government , because as an American , he believed civilian legitimacy was a must . For him , the HNC was a necessary step in a progression towards an elected civilian legislature , which he regarded as critical for national and military morale . The historian Mark Moyar regarded Taylor 's intervention as unnecessary , and noted that there had been many instances of fierce fighting in Vietnamese history despite the complete absence of democracy throughout the nation 's history . Taylor also reminded them of an earlier meeting where he had discussed an American plan to expand the war , increase funding for the South Vietnamese military , and to go on the offensive against the communists at the request of Khánh . Taylor said the Americans would not be able to help Saigon pursue their desired military strategy if the political machinations did not stop . Taylor said that if the military did not transfer some powers or advisory capacity back to the HNC or another civilian institution , aid would be withheld , and some planned military operations against the Ho Chi Minh trail — which was being used to infiltrate communists into the south — would be suspended . 
 The four officers were taken aback by Taylor 's searing words and felt they had been humiliated . A decade after the incident , Kỳ described Taylor as " the sort of man who addressed people rather than talked to them " , referencing the confrontation . Karnow said " For the sake of their own pride , they [ the Vietnamese officers ] resented being treated in ways that reminded them of their almost total dependence on an alien power . How could they preserve a sense of sovereignty when Taylor , striving to push them into ' getting things done ' , behaved like a viceroy ? " However , Thi also took a perverse pleasure in riling Taylor . He was seen by a CIA officer soon after , grinning . When asked why he was happy , Thi said " Because this is one of the happiest days of my life ... Today I told the American ambassador that he could not dictate to us . " Nevertheless , Taylor 's conduct had rankled the officers , stirring their latent sense of nationalism and anti @-@ Americanism ; Khánh would exploit this to strengthen his fragile position in the junta . 
 Khánh 's quartet of delegates responded to Taylor in a circumlocutory way . They remained calm and did not resort to direct confrontation . Kỳ said the change was necessary , as " the political situation is worse than it ever was under Diệm " . Kỳ explained that the situation mandated the dissolution of the council , saying " We know you want stability , but you cannot have stability until you have Unity . " He claimed some HNC members were disseminating coup rumors and creating doubt among the population , and that " both military and civilian leaders regard the presence of these people in the High National Council as divisive of the Armed Forces due to their influence " . Kỳ further accused some of the HNC members of being communist sympathizers and cowards who wanted to stop the military from strengthening . He promised to explain the decision at a media conference and vowed that he and his colleagues would return to purely military roles in the near future . Thiệu added " I do not see how our action has hurt the Hương government ... Hương now has the full support of the Army and has no worries from the High National Council , which we have eliminated . " Cang said " It seems ... we are being treated as though we were guilty . What we did was only for the good of the country . " 
 When Taylor said the moves detracted from Hương and Suu 's powers , the officers disagreed and said they supported the pair in full and that Hương had approved of the HNC 's dissolution . Taylor was unimpressed by the reassurances , concluding with " I don 't know whether we will continue to support you after this ... You people have broken a lot of dishes and now we have to see how we can straighten out this mess . " Taylor 's deputy , U. Alexis Johnson felt the discussion had become counterproductive and was increasing the problem . He suggested that should the generals feel unwilling to alter their position immediately , they should refrain from actions that would preclude a later change of heart . He proposed they merely announce the removal of certain members of the HNC rather than the dissolution of the entire body , hoping the HNC could be reconstituted with figures they deemed to be more satisfactory . The four officers did not give a clear answer to Johnson 's idea , indicating they had not made a concrete decision by saying " the door is not closed " . 
 
 = = = Taylor meets Hương = = = 
 
 When Taylor met Hương afterwards , he urged the prime minister to reject the dissolution of the HNC . Hương said he and Suu had not been notified of the moves , but agreed to step in and take over the body 's work . Taylor nevertheless asked Hương to publicly condemn the coup and call on the army to release those arrested . Hương also said he would be willing to reorganize his administration to meet the wishes of the military , and that retaining their support was essential in keeping a civilian government functional . Taylor said the US did not agree with military rule as a principle , and might reduce aid , but Hương was unmoved and said the Vietnamese people " take a more sentimental than legalistic approach " and that the existence of civilian procedure and the HNC was much less pressing than the " moral prestige of the leaders " . American military advisers and intelligence officers who liaised with senior junta members found they were unconcerned with any possible legal ramifications of their actions . 
 Later , despite Taylor 's pleas to keep the dissolution of the HNC secret in the hope it would be reversed , Kỳ , Thi , Thiệu and Cang called a media conference , where they maintained the HNC had been dissolved in the nation 's best interests . The quartet vowed to stand firm and not renege on their decision . They also proclaimed their ongoing confidence for Suu and Hương . Two days later , Khánh went public in support of the Young Turks ' coup against the HNC , condemning the advisory body and asserting the army 's right to intervene if " disputes and differences create a situation favorable to the common enemies : Communism and colonialism " . The generals announced they had formed a new body called the Armed Forces Council ( AFC ) to succeed the current Military Revolutionary Council , and referred to the dissolution of the HNC as Decision No. 1 of the AFC . The American policymakers viewed the public moves by the Vietnamese generals as " throwing down the gauntlet " and challenging their counsel . 
 
 = = = Taylor meets Khánh = = = 
 
 The day after the Young Turks ' press conference , Taylor privately met Khánh at the latter 's office . He complained about the dissolution of the HNC and said it did not accord with the values of the alliance and the loyalty Washington expected of Saigon . He added that the US could not cooperate with two governments at once : a military regime that held power while a civilian body took the responsibility . Khánh testily replied that Vietnam was not a satellite of the US and compared the situation to the US support of the successful coup against Diệm , saying that loyalty was meant to be reciprocated . Khánh had hinted that he felt the Americans were about to have him deposed like Diệm , who was then assassinated , but this rankled Taylor , who had argued against the regime change . Taylor then bemoaned Khánh , saying he had lost confidence in the Vietnamese officer , recommending Khánh resign and go into exile . He also said military supplies currently being shipped to Vietnam would be withheld after arriving in Saigon and that American help in planning and advising military operations would be suspended . 
 Khánh bristled and said " You should keep to your place as Ambassador ... as Ambassador , it is really not appropriate for you to be dealing in this way with the commander @-@ in @-@ chief of the armed forces on a political matter , nor was it appropriate for you to have summoned some of my generals to the Embassy yesterday . " He threatened to expel Taylor , who responded by saying a forced departure would mean the end of US support . However , Khánh later said he was open to the possibility of going abroad and asked Taylor if he thought this would be good for the country , to which the ambassador replied in the affirmative . Khánh also said he took responsibility for his generals ' actions , and expressed regret at what they had done . Khánh then ended the meeting , saying he would think about his future . 
 Later , Khánh phoned Taylor from his office and expressed his desire to resign and go abroad along with several other generals , asking for the Americans to fund the travel costs . He then read Taylor the list of generals for whom arrangements needed to be made , and asked the ambassador to repeat the names for confirmation . Taylor did so , unaware Khánh was taping the dialogue . Afterwards , Khánh played the tape out of context to his colleagues , giving them the impression Taylor was calling for their expulsion from their own country . Khánh then asked his colleagues to participate in a campaign of fomenting anti @-@ American street protests and to give the impression the country did not need Washington 's aid . A CIA informant reported the recent arguments with Taylor had incensed the volatile Thi so much that he had privately vowed to " blow up everything " and " kill Phan Khắc Sửu , Trần Văn Hương and Nguyễn Khánh and put an end to all this . Then we will see what happens . " 
 
 = = Public media campaign by Khánh = = 
 
 On the morning of December 22 , as part of his Order of the Day , a regular message to the armed forces over Radio Vietnam , Khánh went back on his promise to leave the country and announced , " We make sacrifices for the country 's independence and the Vietnamese people 's liberty , but not to carry out the policy of any foreign country . " He said it was " better to live poor but proud as free citizens of an independent country rather than in ease and shame as slaves of the foreigners and Communists . " Khánh pledged support for both Hương and Suu 's civilian rule , and condemned colonialism in a thinly veiled reference to the US . 
 Khánh explicitly denounced Taylor in an exclusive interview with Beverly Deepe published in the New York Herald Tribune on December 23 , saying " if Taylor did not act more intelligently , Southeast Asia would be lost " and that the US could not expect to succeed by modelling South Vietnam on American norms . Khánh said Taylor and the US would need to be " more practical and not have a dream of having Vietnam be an image of the United States , because the way of life and people are entirely different . " He added that Taylor 's " attitude during the last 48 hours — as far as my small head is concerned — has been beyond imagination " . Justifying the removal of the HNC , Khánh said they were " exploited by counter @-@ revolutionary elements who placed partisan considerations above the homeland 's sacred interest . " Khánh also threatened to divulge the content of his discussion with Taylor , saying " One day I hope to tell the Vietnamese people and the American people about this ... It is a pity because Gen. Taylor is not serving his country well . " 
 Khánh had not divulged that angry discussions had occurred in private , so Deepe was unsure what had happened between Taylor and Khánh to provoke such an outburst . She contacted the US Embassy to ask what the dispute was about . At first , the Americans defended Taylor without referring to what the problem was , stating : " Ambassador Taylor has undertaken no activities which can be considered improper in any way ... All his activities are designed to serve the best interests of both Vietnam and the United States . " The State Department issued a statement later in the day in more robust terms , saying " Ambassador Taylor has been acting throughout with the full support of the U.S. government ... a duly constituted government exercising full power ... without improper interference ... is the essential condition for the successful prosecution of the effort to defeat the Viet Cong . " The following day , Secretary of State Dean Rusk said aid would have to be cut , as the programs being funded needed an effective government to be useful . Taylor later responded by calling the generals ' actions an " improper interference " into the purview of civilian government . 
 Defying Taylor earned Khánh heightened approval among his junta colleagues , as the ambassador 's actions were seen as an insult to the nation . On the night of December 23 , Khánh convinced his fellow officers to join him in lobbying Hương to declare Taylor persona non grata and expel him from South Vietnam . They were confident Hương could not reject them and side with a foreign power at the expense of the military that had installed him , and made preparations to meet him the next day . Khánh also told Hương that if Taylor was not ejected , he and the other generals would hold a media conference and release " detailed accounts " of the ambassador 's confrontation with the quartet and his " ultimatum to General Khánh " the day after . However , someone in the junta was a CIA informant and reported the incident , allowing American officials to individually lobby the officers to change their stance . At the same time , the Americans informed Hương if Taylor was expelled , US funding would stop . The next day , the generals changed their mind and when they met Hương at his office , only asked him to formally denounce Taylor 's behavior in his meetings with Khánh and his quartet and to " take appropriate measures to preserve the honor of all the Vietnamese armed forces and to keep national prestige intact " . 
 On December 24 , Khánh issued a declaration of independence from " foreign manipulation " , and condemned " colonialism " , explicitly accusing Taylor of abusing his power . At the time , Khánh was also secretly negotiating with the communists , hoping to put together a peace deal so he could expel the Americans from Vietnam , although this effort did not lead anywhere in the two months before he was forced out of power . For his part , Taylor privately told Americans journalists that Khánh was expressing opposition to the US merely because he knew he had lost Washington 's confidence . Taylor said Khánh was completely unprincipled and was stirring up anti @-@ American sentiment purely to try to shore up his political prospects , not because he thought US policy was harmful to South Vietnam . The US media were generally very critical of Khánh 's actions and did not blame Taylor for the disharmony . Peter Grose of The New York Times said " It almost seems as if Viet Cong insurgents and the Saigon government conspired to make the United States feel unwelcome . " The Chicago Tribune lampooned Khánh 's junta , calling it a " parody of a government " and saying it would not survive for a week without US support and describing the generals as " remittance men on the United States ' payroll " . However , the New York Herald Tribune said it was dangerous to pressure South Vietnam too much , citing the instability that followed the American support for the coup against Diệm , who had resisted US advice so often . It said " The issue is not General Khánh versus General Taylor . It is whether the Vietnamese still have the will to exist as an independent state . " The newspaper said if the answer was yes , then both Washington and Saigon would have to look beyond personalities . 
 Angry with Deepe for airing Khánh 's grievances against him , Taylor invited every other US journalist in Saigon to this private briefing . Taylor gave the journalists his account of the dispute and discussions with the generals , and hoped it would be useful background information for the media , so they would understand what he had done and not reach negative conclusions about his conduct in their writing . Due to the sensitivity of the situation , he asked them to keep the remarks off the record . However , someone at the briefing informed Deepe of what Taylor had said , and she published the remarks on December 25 under the title " Taylor Rips Mask Off Khánh " . In this article , comments were also attributed to Taylor describing some South Vietnamese officers as borderline " nuts " and accusing many generals of staying in Saigon and allowing their junior officers to run the war as they saw fit . Deepe 's article caused an uproar due to the tension between Taylor and the Vietnamese generals . 
 
 = = Brinks Hotel bombing = = 
 
 At the same time , Westmoreland became concerned with the growing antipathy towards the US and requested the United States Pacific Command ( CINCPAC ) : " In view of the current unstable political situation ... and the possibility that this situation could lead to anti @-@ American activities of the unknown intensity , request Marine Landing Force now off Cap Varella be positioned out of sight of land off Cap St. Jacques soonest . " Better known as Vũng Tàu , Cap St. Jacques was a coastal city at the mouth of the Saigon River around 80 km southeast of the capital . Westmoreland also put American marines based at Subic Bay in the Philippines on notice . 
 On the same day , the Viet Cong bombed the Brinks Hotel , where US officers were billeted , killing two Americans and injuring around 50 people , civilian bystanders and military personnel . As a result , there was a suspicion among a minority that Khánh 's junta had been behind the attack , even though the Viet Cong had claimed responsibility through a radio broadcast . When the Americans started making plans to retaliate against North Vietnam , they did not tell Khánh and his junta . Westmoreland , Taylor , and other senior US officers in Saigon and Washington urged President Lyndon Baines Johnson to authorize reprisal bombings against North Vietnam , Taylor predicting : " Some of our local squabbles will probably disappear in enthusiasm which our action would generate . " Johnson refused and one reason was the political instability in Saigon . Johnson reasoned the international community and the American public were unlikely to believe the Viet Cong were behind the attack , feeling they would instead blame local infighting for the violence . Johnson administration officials did not conclude that the communists were responsible until four days after the attack . The State Department cabled Taylor , saying " In view of the overall confusion in Saigon " , public US and international opinion towards an American air strike would be that the Johnson administration was " trying to shoot its way out of an internal [ South Vietnamese ] political crisis " . 
 
 = = Fall out = = 
 
 As a result of the tension in late @-@ December , the standoff remained . The US hoped the generals would relent because they could not survive and be able to repel the communists or rival officers without aid from Washington . On the other hand , Khánh and the Young Turks expected the Americans would become more worried about the communist gains first and acquiesce to their fait accompli against the HNC . The generals were correct . 
 The South Vietnamese eventually had their way . As the generals and Hương were unwilling to reinstate the HNC , Taylor sent General John L. Throckmorton to meet them and mend relations . Throckmorton told the Vietnamese generals they had read too much into Taylor 's comments and that the US had no intention of pressuring them out of power with aid cuts . Cang appeared unimpressed , while Thiệu and Kỳ made indirect and vague comments about what they perceived to be misleading tactics during the talks . Khánh appeared reassured by Throckmorton 's overtures and made a public statement on December 30 , saying he was not as hostile to the Americans as reported , and he wanted Thiệu and Cang to meet the Americans to relieve any remaining tension . He also claimed privately that the statements attributed to him by Deepe were false and set up a bilateral committee to discuss tensions . The generals eventually won out , as the Americans did not move against them in any way for their refusal to reinstate the HNC . The South Vietnamese won in large part because the Americans had spent so much on the country , and could not afford to abandon it and lose to the communists over the matter of military rule , as a communist takeover would be a big public relations coup for the Soviet bloc . According to Karnow , for Khánh and his officers , " their weakness was their strength " . An anonymous South Vietnamese government official said " Our big advantage over the Americans is that they want to win the war more than we do . " 
 The only concession the AFC made was on January 6 , 1965 , when they made a charade move of officially renouncing all their power to Hương , who was asked to organize elections . They also agreed to appoint a civilian body and release those arrested in December . Khánh had proposed to reinstate civilian rule if a military " organ of control " was created to keep control of them , but Taylor quashed the idea . This resulted in an official announcement by Hương and Khánh three days later , in which the military again reiterated their commitment to civilian rule through an elected legislature and a new constitution , and that " all genuine patriots " would be " earnestly assembled " to collaborate in making a plan to defeat the communists . The Americans were not impressed with the statement , which was shown to Taylor before it was made public ; the State Department dourly announced that " it appears to represent some improvement to the situation " . Nevertheless , Khánh and Taylor were both signatories to this January 9 announcement . 
 Although the coup was a political success for Khánh , it was not enough to stabilize his leadership in the long run . During the dispute over the HNC , Khánh had tried to frame the dispute in nationalistic terms against what he saw as overbearing US influence . In the long run , this failed , as South Vietnam and the senior officers ' careers and advancement were dependent on US aid . Taylor hoped Khánh 's appeals to nationalism might backfire by causing his colleagues to fear a future without US funding . The Americans were aware of Khánh 's tactics and exploited it by persistently trying to scare his colleagues with the prospect of a military heavily restricted by the absence of US funding . After the December coup , Taylor felt the fear of US abandonment " raised the courage level of the other generals to the point of sacking " Khánh , as many were seen as beholden above all to their desire for personal advancement . In January and February 1965 , Khánh sensed he could no longer work with Taylor and the Americans , and that his support in the junta was unreliable , so he began to try to set up secret peace talks with the communists . Planning for discussions was only beginning , but this was unacceptable to the Americans and hardline anti @-@ communists in the junta , as it meant the bombing campaign against North Vietnam would not be possible . When Khánh 's plans were discovered , US @-@ encouraged plotting intensified . On February 19 – 20 , a coup occurred , and after the original plot was put down by the Young Turks , they forced Khánh into exile as well . With Khánh out of the way , the bombing campaign started . 
 
 
 = 1998 National League Wild Card tie @-@ breaker game = 
 
 The 1998 National League wild @-@ card tie @-@ breaker game was a one @-@ game extension to Major League Baseball 's ( MLB ) 1998 regular season , played between the Chicago Cubs and San Francisco Giants to determine the winner of the National League ( NL ) wild card . The game took place at Wrigley Field in Chicago , on September 28 , 1998 . The Cubs won the game 5 – 3 , holding the Giants scoreless for the majority of the game until the Giants threatened heavily in the ninth inning and scored all three of their runs . As a result of the game , the Cubs qualified for the postseason and the Giants did not . 
 The game was necessary after both teams finished the season with identical win – loss records of 89 – 73 . The Cubs won a coin flip late in the season which , by rule at the time , awarded them home field for the game . This victory advanced the Cubs to the 1998 NL Division Series ( NLDS ) where they were swept by the Atlanta Braves , ending the Cubs ' season . Michael Jordan , a popular Chicago sportsman then ending his career with the Chicago Bulls , threw the game 's ceremonial first pitch . In baseball statistics , the tie @-@ breaker counted as the 163rd regular season game for both teams , with all events in the game added to regular season statistics . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 The Chicago Cubs finished the previous season at the bottom of the Central division with a 68 – 94 record while the Giants won the West at 90 – 72 , though were defeated by the eventual 1997 World Series champion Florida Marlins in the NLDS . The Giants ' Barry Bonds drew criticism for his postseason performance , which had been a recurring criticism dating back to his time with the Pittsburgh Pirates . The Cubs made several offseason acquisitions following the 1997 season including trading Doug Glanville for second baseman Mickey Morandini along with signing Jeff Blauser and Henry Rodríguez as free agents . 
 One notable event of the 1998 season was the race for the home run title and Roger Maris ' single @-@ season record of 61 home runs between the Cubs ' Sammy Sosa and the Cardinals ' Mark McGwire . McGwire ultimately won , setting a new record of 70 while Sosa closed the season with 66 . Bonds would top their totals with 73 home runs in 2001 , setting the current record , while McGwire and Sosa 's totals remain the second and third highest figures in MLB history . Additionally , three teams finished the 1998 season within one game of one another in the race for the National League wild card : the Cubs , Giants , and New York Mets . This late @-@ season race included a dramatic Cubs loss to the Brewers on September 23 . The Cubs led 7 – 5 with two outs and the bases loaded for the Brewers in the bottom of the ninth inning when Brant Brown dropped a fly ball , allowing three unearned runs to score on his error and losing the Cubs the game . This loss gained notoriety for announcer and former @-@ Cub Ron Santo 's call of the final play , yelling " Oh , no ! " as the final runs scored . 
 The Mets were tied with the Cubs and Giants in the wild @-@ card race as late in the season as September 25 at 88 – 72 . However , the Mets lost their remaining two games and finished their season one game back of the Cubs and Giants who ended tied at 89 – 73 . This record was also the best non @-@ division @-@ winning record and as such a tie @-@ breaker was necessary to determine the wild @-@ card winner . A coin flip on September 14 gave the Cubs ' home field advantage , setting Wrigley Field as the location for the game . In the event of a three @-@ way tie the Cubs were presented with the choice to either host two home games or receive a bye and play the winner of a Mets @-@ Giants game on the road because they had the best combined record against the Mets and Giants . Cubs ' general manager Ed Lynch decided on the second option , though the choice was moot as the Mets fell out of the race . The Cubs ' Steve Trachsel and Mark Gardner of the Giants were slated to start the tie @-@ breaker on the September 28 . 
 
 = = Game summary = = 
 
 Box score for Monday September 28 , 1998 — 7 : 10 p.m. ( CT ) at Wrigley Field in Chicago 
 The game remained scoreless in the early innings , with only two baserunners apiece for each team through the first three innings . The Giants loaded the bases with two outs in the top of the 4th inning , but Brian Johnson struck out to end the inning . The first runs of the game came in the top of the 5th as Henry Rodriguez singled to lead off the inning and scored on a home run by Gary Gaetti to give the Cubs a 2 – 0 lead . The Cubs threatened again in the next inning with singles by Lance Johnson and Sammy Sosa . Rich Rodriguez relieved Gardner , but loaded the bases with a walk to Mark Grace and allowed a single to Matt Mieske which scored two more runs and extended the Cubs ' lead to 4 – 0 . John Johnstone relieved Rodriguez and closed the inning without further scoring . 
 After getting one out in the top of the 7th , Steve Trachsel allowed a single and a walk to pinch hitters Brent Mayne and Armando Ríos respectively . The Cubs double switched , bringing in Matt Karchner to relieve Trachsel and Orlando Merced to play left field . Karchner induced another out before loading the bases on a single by Shawon Dunston . Félix Heredia entered in relief of Karchner and got Barry Bonds to ground out to first base to end the inning . The Cubs further extended their lead in the bottom of the 8th inning . After Alvin Morman got Morandini to strike out to open the inning the Giants double switched to bring in José Mesa to pitch and Bill Mueller at third base . Mesa allowed a single to Sammy Sosa and a double to Mark Grace which advanced Sosa to third . Following a ground out Mesa threw a wild pitch while facing Gaetti and Sosa scored to make the game 5 – 0 . 
 The Giants responded in the top of the 9th , scoring their only runs of the game . Kevin Tapani allowed successive singles to Brent Mayne and Mueller to open the inning before Terry Mulholland relieved him . Stan Javier singled to score Mayne and Ellis Burks then walked to load the bases . Bonds came to bat with the bases loaded for the second time in the game and lined out to deep right field , scoring Mueller on a sacrifice fly and Javier advanced to third base . Rod Beck entered and got successive outs by Jeff Kent , which scored Javier , and Joe Carter to end the game 5 – 3 for the Cubs . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 Chicago 's win clinched the team 's 15th postseason berth in franchise history , their first in 9 years since losing in the 1989 National League Championship Series . The Cubs ' presence in the postseason , playing for a spot in the World Series , led several sportswriters to reference the Curse of the Billy Goat and the difficulties the Cubs ' had faced since 1945 . The Billy Goat story suggests that Billy Sianis cursed the Cubs after he and his goat were asked to leave game four of the 1945 World Series . The playoff berth matched the Cubs with the Atlanta Braves in the NLDS , where the Cubs were swept three games to none . The Cubs have not made the World Series since 1945 and have not won a title since 1908 . 
 In baseball statistics tie @-@ breakers count as regular season games , with all events in them added to regular season statistics . For example , the Chicago Sun @-@ Times noted that Sammy Sosa could have added to his notable home run total in the game . Sosa did add to his league @-@ leading strikeout total with one in the 4th inning . Beck also added to his league @-@ leading total in games played and earned his 51st save of the season which finished 2nd to Trevor Hoffman 's 53 but is tied for the 9th highest single @-@ season save total in MLB history . Several Cubs and Giants won awards for their regular season performances including Rookie of the Year honors for Kerry Wood , a Silver Slugger Award for Sosa , and a Rawlings Gold Glove Award for J. T. Snow . Sosa also won the Most Valuable Player award , earning 30 out of 32 first place votes ( with McGwire taking the remaining 2 ) . 
 Barry Bonds drew criticism after the game for his poor performance , including twice making an out with the bases loaded , with some suggesting that Bonds often played poorly in " big games " . Bonds ' 0 – 4 performance with an RBI and a strikeout earned him a − .186 win probability added ( WPA ) , the lowest figure for any player in the game . WPA is a statistic which takes the game situation into account to quantify how a player altered his team 's chances of winning . Bonds ' figure translates into decreasing the Giants ' chances of success by 18 @.@ 6 % . The book Game of Shadows , which details Bonds ' suggested use of performance @-@ enhancing drugs ( PED ) , argues that Bonds grew jealous and resentful of the attention Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa were given during their record chase . As a result , according to Game of Shadows , Bonds turned to weight training under Greg Anderson who began providing him with steroids and other PEDs following the 1998 season . 
 
 
 = Corpus Christi Bay = 
 
 Corpus Christi Bay is a scenic semi @-@ tropical bay on the Texas coast found in San Patricio and Nueces counties , next to the major city of Corpus Christi . It is separated from the Gulf of Mexico by Mustang Island , and is fed by the Nueces River and Oso Creek from its western and southern extensions , Nueces Bay and Oso Bay . The bay is located approximately 136 miles ( 219 km ) south of San Antonio , and 179 miles ( 288 km ) southwest of Houston . 
 Corpus Christi Bay has a rich history of human settlement along its shores that dates back millennia and is responsible for the growth of Corpus Christi , and the smaller ports of Ingleside and Portland . It is an important natural estuary that supports a diverse collection of wildlife , and attracts many tourists . The bay 's abundance of petroleum and natural gas has attracted industry , and its strategic location on the Texas coast is ideal for military establishment . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The shores of Corpus Christi ( or Body of Christ ) Bay are thought to have been inhabited by the Karankawa Indians before the European discovery . Archeological evidence suggests that pre @-@ Karankawa peoples used the area near Oso Bay as a burial ground between 500 BC and 500 AD . It is believed to have first been spotted by Europeans on Corpus Christi Day 1519 , when Spanish explorer Alonso Álvarez de Pineda navigated its waters . Joaquín de Orobio y Basterra came across the bay in 1746 , when given orders to settle the area between Tampico , Mexico , and the mouth of the San Antonio River at San Antonio Bay . He named the bay after St. Michael the Archangel , but the name did not stick and was referred to as " Corpus Christi Bay " in a 1766 report by Diego Ortiz Parrilla . Explorer Blas María de la Garza Falcón is believed to have been the first man to purchase land on the bay in 1746 . Shortly thereafter the short @-@ lived settlement of Villa de Vedoya was founded on the mouth of the Nueces River . 
 The first trading post on Corpus Christi Bay was established by Henry Kinney in 1838 in present @-@ day Corpus Christi . By the 1840s , the area developed into a settlement named after the bay , and a deepwater port was established in the 1870s . A bayfront that included a 32 @-@ foot overlooking statue of Jesus Christ was designed by Mount Rushmore sculptor Gutzon Borglum in 1928 , but was turned down by the city in 1930 . Later efforts to build a statue on the shore were also rejected . The bayside port would later grow into a major city , and had a population of 277 @,@ 454 people during the 2000 U.S. census . In addition to Corpus Christi , Kinney also found Nuecestown ( known to settlers as The Motts ) in 1852 , near the confluence of the Nueces River and Nueces Bay . The town was attacked by Mexican robbers in 1875 , and underwent a steep decline . It is now a ghost town located in the Corpus Christi city limits . The city of Ingleside was founded on the northern shore of the bay in 1854 , and grew slowly . It had a population of 9 @,@ 388 in the 2000 census . Likewise , the city of Portland located on the northeastern bluff between the Nueces and Corpus Christi Bays , did not grow as rapidly as Corpus Christi , following its 1891 founding . During the 2000 census , it had 14 @,@ 827 residents . 
 For transportation on the bay , steamboats were commonplace between Corpus Christi and Ingleside during the 1930s . Native Americans used a route made up of a series of shallow oyster beds , dubbed Reef Road . The passage , which was about 18 to 24 inches in depth , could be navigated on foot or horseback during low tides to travel across the opening of Nueces Bay into Corpus Christi Bay . White settlers discovered the road in the 1860s , and it became a common way to pass from Portland to Corpus Christi via buggy , although its jagged course had to be marked with posts and horses would sometimes fall off the beds and drown . A wooden causeway connecting Portland and Corpus Christi was first constructed in 1915 , but was repeatedly rebuilt and destroyed by several storms . A permanent concrete bridge was erected in the 1950s , and a double lane was added in 1988 . The approximately mile long structure is today known as the Nueces Bay Causeway . 
 The bay has been strategically important for the military . General Zachary Taylor stationed his men on Rincon Point during the Mexican @-@ American War , and a Union invasion was halted by Confederates on the same point in 1862 , during the American Civil War . The Port of Corpus Christi was used by the Confederates to bring in supplies during the war effort until the Union bombarded Corpus Christi and occupied the bay and port from 1863 to 1870 . In 1940 , the Naval Air Station Corpus Christi was established on the bay , and by 1944 had transformed into a major base with one main air station and six additional stations . Notably , during a March 1960 practice run from the base , future Senator John McCain lost track of his altitude and speed , and his single @-@ seat , single @-@ pistoned @-@ engine AD @-@ 6 Skyraider crashed into Corpus Christi Bay and sank to the bottom . He squeezed out of the cockpit , swam ten feet to the surface , and was carried to safety by a rescue helicopter , therefore escaping without major injuries . 
 
 = = Features = = 
 
 The shoreline of Corpus Christi Bay is included in the Texas Coastal Plain in South Texas . The surrounding land is semi @-@ arid and is used for ranching and other agricultural purposes . The bay itself is considered subtropical , and was described by Gutzon Borglum as " the most beautiful bay on the Texas coast . " 
 On average , the system is 3 meters ( 9 @.@ 8 ft ) deep , and covers approximately 497 square kilometers ( 192 sq mi ) . It is the fourth largest estuarine system in Texas behind Galveston Bay , Laguna Madre and Matagorda Bay . The two main extensions are : Nueces Bay , which extends west to the mouth of the Nueces River , and Oso Bay , which extends south to the mouth of Oso Creek . Every second , approximately 34 cubic meters ( 9 @,@ 000 U.S. gal ) of water flows into the bay . The exchange with the Gulf of Mexico occurs at Aransas Pass . As a result of the seawater exchange , the bay 's salinity is 22 parts per thousand ( ppt ) , which is lower than the seawater average of 35 ppt . 
 Following the shoreline beginning at Naval Air Station Corpus Christi on the bay 's southeastern peninsula , the features of the bay can be best described . Moving northwest from the air station , Oso Bay must be crossed at its confluence with Corpus Christi Bay . On the other side of the meeting is Ward Island ( actually a peninsula ) , where Texas A & M University – Corpus Christi is found . Further northwest , the shore begins to curve and off in the distance across the bay , the skyline of Corpus Christi is visible . Following the shore , the land dips inward and forms Emerald Cove , where a seawall has been constructed . Out in the bay , the Alta Vista Reef can be spotted from this location . Moving north along the shore , the seawall continues into the main city , until it reaches Industrial Canal , which has been dredged south of Nueces Bay and extends into the main bay to Port Aransas . Another seawall , which starts in Emerald Cove with gaps at places such as a spoils island that can be viewed in the bay and the canal , is slightly out in the water . This seawall ends when it reaches land at the southern portion of Corpus Christi Beach . North of the canal , Corpus Christi Beach is found along the shore to Rincon Point , where Corpus Christi Bay opens to Nueces Bay and must be crossed using the Nueces Bay Causeway to Indian Point near Portland , from where Indian Reef juts from offshore . Past Portland , the shore curves to the southeast where the large La Quinta Island forms on the backdrop of industrial plants in Ingleside . The La Quinta Channel has been dredged between the island and the shore and meets the Jewell Fulton canal at the confluence of Kinney Bayou . Ingleside Cove is formed in this area between La Quinta Island and an island named Ingleside Point . The shore then curves to the southwest where Ingleside on the Bay is located on southern shore of the bay 's northeastern peninsula . To the southeast , a series of islands form the boundary between Corpus Christi and Redfish Bays . 
 
 = = Ecosystem = = 
 
 The Environmental Protection Agency has designated the Corpus Christi Bay system as an estuary of national significance . More than 234 species of fish are found in the bay , including the Gafftopsail catfish , Hardhead catfish , Atlantic croaker , Atlantic cutlassfish , Black drum , Red drum , Southern flounder , Crevalle jack , Ladyfish , Inshore lizardfish , Atlantic midshipman , Silver perch , Pinfish , Smooth puffer , Scaled sardine , Bighead searobin , Sand seatrout , Spotted seatrout , Sheepshead , Gray snapper , Common snook , and the Tripletail . 
 In 2009 , $ 1 million of federal stimulus money was delegated to the restoration of the marshland near the Nueces Bay Causeway to increase the population of birds and fish . The Coastal Bend Bays and Estuaries Program and the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service collaborated to place soil and plant marsh near the causeway to allow a larger nursing location for fish and provide greater quantities of food for water birds . Over 490 species of birds have been found in the area including the brown pelican , black @-@ billed whistling duck , reddish egret , white @-@ faced ibis , pauraque , buff @-@ bellied hummingbird , golden @-@ fronted woodpecker , long @-@ billed thrasher , olive sparrow , Neotropic cormorant , laughing gull , Franklin 's gull , ring @-@ billed gull , herring gull , gull @-@ billed tern , common loon , brown @-@ crested flycatcher , hooded oriole , peregrine falcon and piping plover . Bird populations are protected and can be viewed at the Hans and Pat Suter Wildlife Refuge on Oso Bay . 
 
 = = Industry = = 
 
 Corpus Christi Bay is a natural harbor , and its port has contributed to the growth of the main port city of Corpus Christi . Corpus Christi is the 5th largest port in the United States , and the deepest on the Gulf of Mexico . The channel to the Gulf was dredged through the bay to the jetties at Port Aransas . Freight exchanged at the port include seafood , industrial and agricultural goods and petroleum . Six oil refineries and 1 @,@ 500 wells are located near the bay as well as a large supply of natural gas . In 1987 alone , $ 277 million of oil and gas were produced in the area . Metals , stone products , glass , chemicals , and gypsum products are also produced near the bay . Ingleside originally focused its economy on agriculture , notably viticulture . Later , industrial plants including those established by the Brauer Corporation , Reynolds Metals ( five miles away ) and DuPont opened . La Quinta Channel was dredged by the Army Corps of Engineers in the 1950s . 
 Tourism to the bay is encouraged by the area 's climate , fishing and birding opportunities as well as sites in Corpus Christi including Corpus Christi beach , Texas State Aquarium , USS Lexington Museum , the bayfront marina , and the Corpus Christi Museum of Science and History . The bay was also the site of the 2008 U.S. Wind and Water Open , as well as the Texas International Boat Show in 2008 , 2009 and 2010 . 
 
 
 = 1990 Pacific hurricane season = 
 
 The 1990 Pacific hurricane season is the fifth most active season on record and is the third most active season in terms of ACE Indices . The 1990 season officially started on May 15 in the eastern Pacific , and on June 1 in the central Pacific , and lasted until November 30 . These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northeastern Pacific Ocean . However , these bounds were slightly exceeded when Hurricane Alma formed on May 12 . 
 Hurricane Alma became the third earliest tropical cyclone in the Eastern Pacific basin since the satellite era began in 1966 , while Trudy is the third strongest October eastern Pacific hurricane on record . Overall , the impact of this season was minimal . Tropical Storm Rachel made two landfalls in Mexico and brought rain to the United States . Hurricane Boris brought light showers to California . 
 
 = = Season summary = = 
 
 The 1990 eastern North Pacific hurricane season was active in terms of number of storms that attained at least tropical storm intensity and of Accumulated Cyclone Energy . All of the tropical cyclones of this year developed from westward @-@ moving African tropical waves . The season established several tropical storm records for this basin and was marked by several strong hurricanes . There were 21 named tropical cyclones , seven below the record established by the 1992 Pacific hurricane season two years later , but four more than the long @-@ term average . Sixteen of those named storms , twice the average and four more than the previous record , reached hurricane intensity . Only Cristina , Douglas , Aka , Rachel , and Simon did not reach hurricane strength . Six of those hurricanes reached Category 3 intensity or higher on the Saffir @-@ Simpson Hurricane Scale . Hurricanes Hernan and Trudy were among the strongest ever observed in this area . Alma became the earliest named tropical cyclone for the eastern Pacific ocean east of the 140th meridian west . The eastern Pacific produced four tropical depressions that did not reach tropical storm status . 
 With the exception of Marie and Polo , these systems developed between 5 ° and 15 ° N , east of the longitude of Baja California in the climatologically favored area for tropical cyclogenesis . After their development , most of the tropical cyclones moved on a west to northwest track and dissipated over cool waters without affecting land . Rachel was the only system to make landfall . In addition , one tropical storm formed in the Central Pacific and eventually crossed the International Dateline before dissipating . 
 
 = = Storms = = 
 
 
 = = = Hurricane Alma = = = 
 
 A tropical wave emerged from Africa on April 29 . It then moved across the Atlantic , crossed northern South America , and entered the Pacific Ocean on May 9 . Convection started to increase with the wave just to the south of Panama . The wave moved westward and continued to become better organized over the next few days . On May 12 , the wave had become organized enough and was designated Tropical Depression One @-@ E. 
 Tropical Depression One @-@ E moved slowly to the northwest while strengthening slowly due to easterly vertical wind shear . The depression was upgraded to Tropical Storm Alma on May 14 . The storm quickly strengthened once the vertical wind shear relaxed and was near hurricane force by the morning of May 15 . Hurricane Alma reached its peak intensity early on May 16 with maximum sustained winds of 85 mph ( 135 km / h ) . The hurricane entered an area of southwesterly wind shear caused by an upper @-@ level ridge of high pressure . The increasing vertical wind shear and cooler water caused Alma to weaken to a tropical storm . On May 17 , the storm continued to weaken and became a depression . The next day , the system dissipated as a tropical cyclone well west of mainland Mexico . Alma became the earliest named storm and hurricane in the satellite era in the east Pacific proper . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Boris = = = 
 
 A tropical wave came off the northwest coast of Africa on May 20 . The wave did not significantly develop as it moved west across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea . Once it crossed Central America into the eastern Pacific Ocean , cloudiness increased considerably with the system on May 31 . It became well @-@ enough organized to be upgraded to Tropical Depression Two @-@ E on June 2 . After becoming a depression , the system moved to the west @-@ northwestward . Upper @-@ level easterly vertical wind shear limited the amount of the initial strengthening . However , an increase in convective banding led to its upgrade to Tropical Storm Boris on June 4 , 500 mi ( 800 km ) southwest of Manzanillo . Further strengthening occurred due to an anticyclone aloft fostered additional development , and by June 5 , Boris became a hurricane . The hurricane began to move to the north @-@ northwest in response to a trough off of the West Coast of the United States . Strengthening continued , and the storm reached its peak strength with winds of 90 mph ( 140 km / h ) and a minimum central pressure of 977 mb ( 28 @.@ 9 inHg ) . The hurricane 's cloud pattern became elongated along a southwest @-@ northeast axis on June 6 due to an increased amount of vertical wind shear . Boris was downgraded to a tropical storm later in the day on June 6 . The deep convection of the tropical storm decreased , as Boris moved over cooler waters . It was downgraded to a tropical depression on June 7 due to these factors . The depression dissipated as a tropical cyclone on June 8 as the system quickly lost its tropical characteristics . A small circulation remained in the cloud field offshore the northwest coast of Baja California for a few more days . 
 The winds in the eyewall of Boris ripped off the sails of the Azure Dream sailboat . Outer rainbands from the storm produced moderate rain in several Mexican states . In Mexico , rainfall peaked at 8 @.@ 83 in ( 224 mm ) near San Lucas , Michoacán . The remnants of Boris also brought sporadic rainfall over the western United States , with precipitation being reported in Arizona , California , Colorado , Nevada and Wyoming . The remnants of Boris were responsible for causing the wettest June in San Diego since records began in 1850 ; however , not even 1 in ( 25 mm ) of rain fell at that location . Rainfall from the remnant system in the United States peaked at 3 @.@ 28 in ( 83 mm ) over the Santa Rita Mountains . No other direct damages or casualties were reported from Boris . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Cristina = = = 
 
 A tropical wave emerged into the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Africa on May 28 . The wave moved across Central America into the northeastern Pacific Ocean , where convection organized with the system on June 6 . The system became well @-@ enough organized to be upgraded to Tropical Depression Three @-@ E on June 8 , while 920 mi ( 1 @,@ 480 km ) south of the southern tip of Baja California . The depression continued to strengthen , and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Cristina on June 9 . 
 Cristina initially had well @-@ established upper @-@ level outflow . It failed to reach hurricane status , peaking with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph ( 105 km / h ) due to movement of its associated upper @-@ level anticyclone to the north over Mexico which caused Cristina to be exposed to easterly vertical wind shear . Cristina moved generally northwestward , which eventually placed the storm in cooler waters , and caused the deep convection of the system to dissipate . On June 14 , Cristina diminished to a tropical depression . Cristina moved west @-@ northwestward with the low @-@ level flow . The depression dissipated as a tropical cyclone on June 16 , after a lack of deep convection for 48 hours . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Douglas = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the northwest coast of Africa on June 5 . It continued westward across the tropical North Atlantic and Caribbean Sea without significant development . The wave entered the northeastern Pacific Ocean on June 16 , where it generated an area of increased cloudiness . Organization of thunderstorm activity increased late on June 18 and early on June 19 . Tropical Depression Four @-@ E formed on June 19 , when it was 230 mi ( 370 km ) south of Acapulco , Mexico after evidence of low @-@ level circulation for the past 24 hours . The depression moved in a west @-@ northwest direction , due to a subtropical ridge north of the depression . Satellite analysis indicated that the depression had reached tropical storm force strength , and it was upgraded to Tropical Storm Douglas on June 19 , while 230 mi ( 370 km ) southwest of Acapulco . Douglas reached peak strength of 65 mph ( 105 km / h ) on June 21 
 A tropical storm warning was issued on June 21 , from Punta Tejupan to Cabo Corrientes before being discontinued on June 22 . Tropical Storm Douglas brushed the western coast of Mexico . The center of circulation approached within 17 mi ( 27 km ) of the coast of Mexico on June 22 . Douglas then began to weaken because of interaction with the mountainous terrain of Mexico . The system continued to weaken despite warm water temperatures and favorable upper @-@ level conditions . Douglas dissipated early on June 24 , while 138 mi ( 222 km ) south @-@ southeast off the southern tip of Baja California . The highest rainfall report from Mexico from Douglas totaled 11 @.@ 07 in ( 281 mm ) at La Huerta . No deaths or damage were reported . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Elida = = = 
 
 A tropical wave came off the coast of Africa into the eastern Atlantic Ocean on June 10 and 11 . The system moved across the Atlantic and entered into the northeastern Pacific Ocean . The wave became a significant tropical system , with cyclonic turning in the lower and middle layers of the system 's cloudiness on June 25 . The center of circulation was located 345 mi ( 555 km ) south of Acapulco , Mexico . The system exhibited sufficient organization to be considered Tropical Depression Five @-@ E on June 26 . The depression quickly strengthened and became Tropical Storm Elida later that day . The track of Elida was west @-@ northwestward to northwestward from June 27 through June 28 . Some rainbands moved over the mountainous region of southwestern Mexico , but no flooding , damage , or casualties were reported as a result . Elida continued strengthening and it was upgraded to a hurricane early on June 28 passing directly over Socorro Island later in the day , right as Elida reached peak strength of 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) , dropping 3 @.@ 7 in ( 94 mm ) of rain on the island . Some windows broke also as a result , and minor structural damage was reported as a result on the island . 
 A high @-@ pressure area to the north forced Elida to move more westward on June 29 . Convection began to decrease in the hurricane as it moved into cooler waters , and it weakened to a tropical storm later in the day . It then weakened to a tropical depression on July 1 , and dissipated on July 2 . 
 
 = = = Tropical Depression Six @-@ E = = = 
 
 An area of disturbed weather south of Acapulco organized into Tropical Depression Six @-@ E on June 29 and the system began to move northwest . Originally the system was expected to reach tropical storm strength and near hurricane intensity by late on July 2 or early on July 3 , however persistent vertical wind shear over the system impeded its development . After convection began to merge into the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) , the National Hurricane Center discontinued advisories on Tropical Depression Six @-@ E , stating that the depression dissipated , and regeneration seemed unlikely . 
 However , wind shear began to decrease , and convection associated with the remnants of Tropical Depression Six @-@ E quickly began to increase . Although the low @-@ level circulation was near the edge of the deep convection , the National Hurricane Center resumed advisories on Tropical Depression Six @-@ E by July 1 . Intensification into a tropical storm was again predicted , but Tropical Depression Six @-@ E remained poorly defined , and eventually dissipated on July 4 . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Fausto = = = 
 
 A tropical wave came off the northwest coast of Africa on June 19 . The wave crossed the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea , into the warm waters of the northeastern Pacific Ocean , on July 2 . An area of disturbed weather moved northwards towards the Gulf of Tehuantepec and became Tropical Depression Seven @-@ E early on July 6 . The depression moved northwest , and because of increased organization of deep convection , was designated Tropical Storm Fausto on July 7 , 265 mi ( 426 km ) south of Manzanillo , Mexico . A weakly defined eye formed on July 8 , and the storm was upgraded to Hurricane Fausto , 310 mi ( 500 km ) south of Cabo San Lucas . 
 Fausto peaked in strength with winds of 85 mph ( 140 km / h ) and a central pressure of 979 mb ( 28 @.@ 9 inHg ) on July 9 . Fausto passed 40 mi ( 60 km ) north of Socorro Island causing a northwest wind of 40 mph ( 60 km / h ) , and 4 @.@ 3 in ( 110 mm ) of rain at that location . The hurricane fluctuated in intensity on July 10 , before weakening into a tropical storm later that day , 403 mi ( 649 km ) west of Cabo San Lucas . The weakening Fausto moved over continuing cooler waters , and was downgraded to a tropical depression on June 11 , 690 mi ( 1 @,@ 110 km ) west of Cabo San Lucas . The depression dissipated as a tropical cyclone on June 13 , and its low level circulation of clouds persisted for a few days . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Genevieve = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on June 25 and moved across the Atlantic Ocean and central Caribbean Sea with little development . Within the western Caribbean Sea , convection developed with the wave on July 7 . The system became better organized as it moved into the northeastern Pacific Ocean . The system was upgraded to Tropical Depression Eight @-@ E on July 11 . The depression moved west @-@ northwest , with a good outflow to the north , and gradually strengthened into Tropical Storm Genevieve later that day . Genevieve continued to strengthen , reaching hurricane strength on July 13 . The storm approached within 23 mi ( 37 km ) of Socorro Island where a sustained wind of 44 mph ( 71 km / h ) and gust of 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) were reported , before the weather equipment on the island failed . 
 The hurricane began to turn west because of the strengthening and growing ridge to its north . Increasing outflow aloft began to form , and the hurricane reached its peak strength of 105 mph ( 170 km / h ) with a well @-@ defined eye at its center of circulation . Genevieve turned northwest on July 16 into an area with strong vertical wind shear and low water temperatures . The hurricane quickly weakened into a tropical storm on July 17 and then into a tropical depression on July 18 . Genevieve dissipated as a tropical cyclone later in the day , reduced to a circulation in the stratocumulus cloud field . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Hernan = = = 
 
 A tropical wave that moved off the northwest coast of Africa on July 4 passed through the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without significant development . The wave moved across Central America into the northeastern Pacific Ocean on July 15 . Thunderstorm activity increased in the system between July 16 and 18 before rainbands became present within the tropical disturbance on July 19 . Tropical Depression Nine @-@ E formed later that day while 565 mi ( 910 km ) southwest of Acapulco , Mexico . 
 Tropical Depression Nine @-@ E strengthened into Tropical Storm Hernan on July 21 while 684 mi ( 1 @,@ 100 km ) south of Cabo San Lucas . The tropical storm continued to strengthen and as it moved to the northwest , and became a hurricane late on July 21 . Hernan continued to strengthen and as it passed 145 mi ( 230 km ) southwest of Clarion Island . On July 23 , Hernan reached its peak strength of 155 mph ( 250 km / h ) and minimum pressure of 928 mb ( 27 @.@ 4 inHg ) as the center of circulation was 207 mi ( 335 km ) south @-@ southwest of Clarion Island . On July 24 , concentric eyewalls ( one eyewall located inside another ) formed around the center of Hernan , which was the first time this pattern had been observed with an eastern Pacific hurricane . 
 Hernan kept Category 4 hurricane intensity a few more days and hurricane strength for six days overall . The hurricane weakened into a tropical storm on July 28 as it moved over cooler waters . Hernan turned more to the west as its low level center became separated from its thunderstorm activity and was steering by a surface high @-@ pressure system to its north . Hernan moved over cooler waters , dissipating as a tropical cyclone early on July 31 . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Iselle = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on July 7 . The wave moved west , but it was not until it moved across the Caribbean Sea that the wave 's convection organized . The system entered into the northeastern Pacific Ocean with concentrated convection and a surface center of circulation while southeast of Acapulco . Moving west @-@ northwest , Tropical Depression Ten @-@ E formed on July 20 393 mi ( 632 km ) south of Puerto Ángel , Mexico . Early on the following day , the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Iselle . The storm continued strengthening while in the proximity of Hurricane Hernan , becoming a hurricane on July 22 . 
 The hurricane continued to move west @-@ northwest through its duration , and reached its peak strength of 120 mph ( 190 km / h ) on July 25 . Iselle crossed Socorro Island , which recorded a 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) sustained wind and heavy rain on July 25 . The hurricane weakened on following days after it moved over cooler waters , downgraded to a tropical storm on July 28 and subsequently into a tropical depression on July 30 . The depression dissipated later that day , after losing its low @-@ level circulation 588 mi ( 946 km ) southwest of San Diego . 
 
 = = = Tropical Depression Eleven @-@ E = = = 
 
 On July 24 a tropical disturbance behind Hurricane Hernan strengthened into a tropical depression . Due to the close proximity of Hernan to its west , the development of the depression was hindered due to vertical wind shear from the outflow of Hernan . This wind shear dissipated the depression on July 26 , and its remnants were absorbed by the nearby cyclone . No damages or casualties were caused by the depression as it was well out to sea . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Aka = = = 
 
 Tropical Storm Aka was the only tropical storm to form in the Central North Pacific during 1990 . An area of disturbed weather began to organize on August 6 . By August 7 , the system became well @-@ enough organized to become designated Tropical depression One @-@ C. The depression intensified into a tropical storm while moving west , to the south of the Hawaiian Islands . On August 10 , Tropical Storm Aka peaked with maximum sustained winds of 60 mph ( 97 km / h ) . The storm continued to move west and approached Johnston Island , though the island 's weather did not deteriorate . The tropical storm crossed the International Date Line on August 13 . Aka weakened back into a depression and dissipated two days later on August 15 . 
 
 = = = Tropical Depression Diana = = = 
 
 Hurricane Diana struck eastern Mexico and managed to hold together , remaining a tropical depression as it entered the eastern Pacific Ocean late on August 8 . Although Tropical Depression Diana entered the eastern Pacific , the National Hurricane Center did not re @-@ classify the system . No re @-@ intensification occurred after the system entered the eastern Pacific , and it had dissipated as a tropical cyclone by the following day . The remnant tropical disturbance recurved through the Gulf of California while developing significant convection before it moved into northwest Mexico , which brought rainfall amounts of over 10 in ( 250 mm ) to local areas within the state of Sonora . The remnant disturbance moved into the American Southwest on August 11 . 
 
 = = = Tropical Depression Two @-@ C = = = 
 
 Tropical Depression Two @-@ C was the second and last tropical cyclone to develop within the north @-@ central Pacific Ocean in 1990 . The depression developed from a tropical disturbance well southeast of Hawaii , which became much better organized on the night of August 10 . The tropical depression moved in a west northwest direction for the next 18 hours and then changed to a west @-@ southwest track on August 11 . As it turned more to the southwest , the depression weakened until it dissipated on August 13 about 600 mi ( 970 km ) south @-@ southeast of Hilo , Hawaii . 
 
 = = = Tropical Depression Twelve @-@ E = = = 
 
 A persistent area of thunderstorm activity southwest of Puerto Vallarta became better organized and strengthened into Tropical Depression Twelve @-@ E on August 16 . Moving northwest , the system developed slowly as it was embedded within the Intertropical Convergence Zone . Easterly shear kept the system from reaching tropical storm strength and caused its ultimate dissipation on August 19 . No damages or fatalities were caused by this depression . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Julio = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the western coast of Africa on August 5 , moving across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without significant development . The system entered the northeastern Pacific Ocean , and became well @-@ enough organized to be upgraded to Tropical Depression Thirteen @-@ E on August 17 while centered 404 mi ( 650 km ) south of Acapulco , Mexico . The depression moved on a west @-@ northwestward track and strengthened , becoming Tropical Storm Julio on August 18 . Strengthening continued and Julio reached hurricane strength on August 19 . The cyclone peaked with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph ( 185 km / h ) on August 21 . The storm turned westward and began weakening . Julio regained tropical storm status on August 23 and tropical depression status on August 24 before dissipating as a tropical cyclone later that day . No damage was reported from Julio . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Kenna = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on August 9 , and spawned Tropical Storm Fran four days later , before it moved through the southern Windward Islands on August 14 . While Fran dissipated shortly after that , the tropical wave progressed into the northeastern Pacific Ocean . The wave spawned Tropical Depression Fourteen @-@ E 808 mi ( 1 @,@ 300 km ) east @-@ southeast of Hurricane Julio . The depression moved westward for the next several days . As Julio weakened , the depression began to increase in strength . It became Tropical Storm Kenna on August 22 and continued to strengthen into a hurricane on August 25 , peaking with winds of 85 mph ( 137 km / h ) the next day . On August 26 , a strong frontal trough weakened the high pressure system to the storm 's north , causing a turn to the north during the next few days . The hurricane weakened in response to cooler water and increasing vertical wind shear , which removed convection from its center . Kenna weakened back to tropical storm strength on August 28 , then into a tropical depression on August 29 . The system dissipated as a tropical cyclone on August 30 . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Lowell = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the northwestern coast of Africa into the Atlantic Ocean on August 11 . After moving across the Atlantic and Caribbean Sea without development , the system moved through the Intertropical Convergence Zone of the northeastern Pacific Ocean . The cloudiness moved northward toward the Gulf of Tehuantepec on August 22 . The thunderstorm activity organized sufficiently for the system to be upgraded to Tropical Depression Fifteen @-@ E on August 23 while 298 mi ( 480 km ) southeast of Acapulco , Mexico . The depression moved west @-@ northwestward and strengthened into a tropical storm 217 mi ( 350 km ) south @-@ southwest of Puerto Vallarta on August 25 . The storm began to turn more westward due to a strengthening high pressure system to its north and was upgraded to a hurricane on August 27 while 286 mi ( 460 km ) southwest of Cabo San Lucas . As the high to the north continued to strengthen , the hurricane turned west @-@ southwest . 
 Thunderstorm activity with the hurricane began to weaken and Lowell was downgraded back to tropical storm status on August 28 . The tropical storm then turned to a north @-@ northwestward with the storm passing over cooler waters . On August 31 , the storm was downgraded to a tropical depression , with only minimal amounts of deep convection remaining within its circulation . Lowell dissipated as a tropical cyclone on September 1 , though a low @-@ level circulation of clouds could be seen on satellite imagery for the next few days . No damage or casualties was reported as a result of Lowell . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Marie = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the northwestern coast of Africa on August 16 . The wave moved west through the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without significant development . The wave moved across Central America and into the northeastern Pacific Ocean , on August 29 . Isolated convection with the system increased while south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec as the system moved northwest parallel to the southwest coast of Mexico . Once convective activity increased , the system was upgraded to Tropical Depression Sixteen @-@ E on September 7 while centered 659 mi ( 1 @,@ 060 km ) southwest of Clarion Island . 
 A weaker than normal high pressure system controlled the movement of the depression , and the system moved slowly to the west through its duration . The depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Marie on September 8 , and into a hurricane on September 9 , while 522 mi ( 840 km ) south @-@ southwest of Clarion Island . Marie reached its peak intensity of 140 mph ( 230 km / h ) on September 11 . The hurricane crossed into the central North Pacific on September 14 as a hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 mph ( 180 km / h ) . The hurricane weakened thereafter and on September 17 Marie regained tropical storm status . The system weakened into a tropical depression on September 19 and dissipated as a tropical cyclone on September 21 near the Hawaiian coast . No casualties or damages were caused by Marie . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Norbert = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa and across the Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea without significant development . The wave entered the northeastern Pacific Ocean and began to show signs of organized thunderstorm development . Tropical Depression Seventeen @-@ E formed on September 10 while centered 758 mi ( 1 @,@ 220 km ) south @-@ southwest of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . The depression became better organized and strengthened into Tropical Storm Norbert later in the day . 
 On September 12 , Norbert absorbed Tropical Depression Eighteen @-@ E which was in close proximity . Norbert strengthened as it moved north @-@ northwestward . The tropical storm was upgraded to a hurricane on September 14 , and formed an eye on September 15 . The storm reached its peak strength of 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) sustained winds that day . Turning north of due west , Norbert then weakened as it moved over cooler waters . It was downgraded to a tropical storm later on September 15 , and then to a tropical depression on September 18 . Norbert dissipated as a tropical cyclone on September 19 after losing all its deep convection . 
 
 = = = Tropical Depression Eighteen @-@ E = = = 
 
 On September 12 , satellite images indicated that the eighteenth tropical depression of the season formed southwest of Cabo San Lucas . Located in close proximity to Tropical Storm Norbert , the depression would soon enter a region of colder sea surface temperatures , and the National Hurricane Center noted that only very little intensification was possible . As predicted , Norbert hindered further intensification of Tropical Depression Eighteen @-@ E. The National Hurricane Center noted six hours later that the depression would likely be absorbed into Norbert . The National Hurricane Center later believed that Tropical Depression Eighteen @-@ E was " dominating " the interaction between the two systems , and was forecast to absorb Norbert . Unlike the latter prediction , Norbert absorbed Tropical Depression Eighteen @-@ E later that day . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Odile = = = 
 
 A tropical wave move off the coast of Africa on September 5 , and crossed the Atlantic waters , the Caribbean Sea and eventually into the Pacific Ocean as a weak system . An area of convection entered into the northeastern Pacific Ocean a few hundred miles south of Acapulco , Mexico . On September 2 , Tropical Depression Nineteen @-@ E formed from this convection , while 746 mi ( 1 @,@ 201 km ) south @-@ southeast from the southern tip of Baja California . The depression moved on a west @-@ northwestward track , rounding the southwest side of a strong high pressure system . The depression continued to strengthen and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Odile on September 24 and into a hurricane on September 25 . Its intensity peaked with maximum sustained winds of 145 mph ( 233 km / h ) on September 26 . 
 The hurricane began to turn more northwestward in response to a high @-@ pressure system weakening to its north . Odile began to weaken as it moved over cooler waters on September 28 . The cyclone regained tropical storm status on September 29 while it slowly progressed northward . The system weakened into a tropical depression status on September 30 . Once it lost its deep convection , Odile was steered southwestward by the low @-@ level flow , before it dissipated as a tropical cyclone on October 2 . Its remaining low @-@ level circulation of clouds continued on a southwestward course thereafter . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Rachel = = = 
 
 In mid @-@ September , a weak tropical wave moved off the coast of Northwest Africa . It moved westward and entered the eastern Pacific Ocean early on September 23 . Cloudiness became concentrated with the system south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec . On September 27 , the organized thunderstorm area was upgraded to Tropical Depression Twenty One @-@ E while 230 mi ( 370 km ) south of Acapulco . The depression developed slowly , and became a tropical storm on September 30 . As Rachel briefly moved northward , before re @-@ curving and accelerating towards the Mexican coast . The storm passed over the southern portion of Baja California Sur on October 2 . Rachel made its final landfall midway between Los Mochis and Culiacán , and became the only system to make landfall from the eastern north Pacific Ocean in 1990 . Rachel decayed rapidly over land , and the final public advisory on Rachel was issued early on October 3 @.@  its remnants continued accelerating over Texas until they lost their identity . 
 The highest rainfall total from the system in Mexico totaled 9 @.@ 85 in ( 250 mm ) at Santa Anita near the tip of Baja California . Across northern Mexico , thousands were homeless , and 18 people died . In Texas , Rachel 's remnants caused heavy rain . Flooding occurred in the Big Bend area . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Polo = = = 
 
 Polo originated from a tropical wave that moved off the African coast on September 2 which spawned Hurricane Isidore in the Atlantic basin . On September 14 , the system increased in convection as it was moving to the west and approaching Central America . The southern extent of the wave crossed into the Pacific Ocean on September 18 . 
 The wave continued westward and related thunderstorm activity increased during the following week . The convective system organized into Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ E on September 28 nearly midway between Mexico and Hawaii . Initially , the depression drifted toward the northwest due to a large upper @-@ level trough located to its west . Polo strengthened rapidly into a hurricane early on September 30 , with its winds peaking at 75 mph ( 121 km / h ) . Since the storm was very small , vertical wind shear caused significant weakening thereafter . On October 1 , Polo regained tropical storm strength as it was crossing into the north Central Pacific basin . It dissipated as a tropical cyclone later that day . There were no casualties or damages caused by Polo . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Simon = = = 
 
 A weakly defined tropical wave moved off the northwest coast of Africa on September 20 , and crossed the northern portion of the tropical Atlantic and northern South America without significant organization . The wave moved into the northeastern Pacific waters , off the coast of Colombia on September 30 . As the wave passed over southern Central America , rainbands and cloudiness increased with the system between October 1 and October 3 , before the system merged with the ITCZ from October 4 to October 6 . Signs of convective organization reappeared on October 8 , and by October 9 , the system was upgraded to Tropical Depression Twenty Two @-@ E 578 mi ( 930 km ) south of Cabo San Lucas , Mexico . 
 The depression continued to develop and was upgraded to Tropical Storm Simon on October 10 while 604 mi ( 972 km ) south @-@ southwest of Cabo San Lucas . Due to a high @-@ pressure system to the north @-@ northwest , Simon continued on a west @-@ northwestward path . The tropical storm continued to strengthen to its peak intensity of 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) by late on October 11 . Simon passed over cooler waters and weakened back into a tropical depression on October 13 . The depression moved on a westward course , and the low @-@ level circulation was displaced from its deep convection during the following day . Simon then dissipated as a tropical cyclone early on October 15 across the open waters of the northeast Pacific . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Trudy = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved across the northeast Pacific Ocean and formed a tropical depression south of Mexico on October 16 . It strengthened at a moderate pace and reached hurricane intensity on October 18 . Trudy entered a favorable environment and explosively intensified , reaching its first peak in strength on October 20 . At that time , an upper @-@ level trough drifted Trudy north , which increased vertical shear , causing it to substantially weaken the system back to Category 1 hurricane status . The trough outran the storm and was replaced by a ridge which turned the storm back to the west and led to its re @-@ intensification to a Category 4 hurricane . Another upper level trough approached which pulled Trudy northward once again , and sheared the hurricane apart . The cyclone dissipated on November 1 . Eventually , some of its moisture spread over parts of Mexico and the United States . 
 Except for Socorro Island , Trudy had no impact on land . The island reported hurricane force winds for seven hours . Trudy also had an unusually large eye , which was as large as 58 mi ( 93 km ) wide . Trudy is the fourth @-@ strongest Pacific hurricane in October , behind Kenna of the 2002 season , Rick of the 2009 season , and Patricia of the 2015 season . Trudy also spent 78 hours of its life as a Category 4 hurricane , longer than any other hurricane in the Eastern Pacific basin . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Vance = = = 
 
 An area of disturbed weather , possibly related to a tropical wave , organized into Tropical Depression Twenty Four @-@ E on October 21 . It strengthened into Tropical Storm Vance early on October 23 and then into a hurricane two days later . Vance moved parallel to the west coast of Mexico and approached the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula . Before it could strike land , a high @-@ pressure area blocked Vance 's path and forced the storm to transcribe a small clockwise loop over a two @-@ day period . During the loop , Vance encountered wind shear and cool waters stirred up by Trudy as well as earlier in its duration . Vance weakened to a tropical storm on October 27 and a depression on October 30 . The cyclone dissipated late on October 31 . 
 
 = = Accumulated Cyclone Energy ( ACE ) Rating = = 
 
 The table on the right shows the ACE for each storm in the season . ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time , as well as particularly strong hurricanes , have high ACEs . ACE is only calculated for full advisories on tropical systems at or exceeding 34 knots ( 39 mph , 63 km / h ) or tropical storm strength . 
 The figures in parentheses are for storms in the Central Pacific basin west of 140 ° W ; those not in parenthesis are for the Eastern Pacific basin . 
 The cumulative ACE for the Eastern Pacific this season fell within the official " Above Normal " grading , being one of the most active . This occurred because the season had many intense storms that lasted for a long period of time . Also it is important to note that this is the third highest ACE , only behind the 1992 and 2015 seasons respectively . 
 
 = = 1990 storm names = = 
 
 The following names were used for named storms that formed in the eastern Pacific in 1990 . No names were retired , so it was used again in the 1996 season . This is the same list used for the 1984 season . Storms were named Trudy and Vance for the first time in 1990 . Names that were not assigned are marked in gray . 
 One name from the Central Pacific list was used – Aka . It was the first usage for that name . 
 
 
 = Track and field = 
 
 Track and field is a sport which includes athletic contests established on the skills of running , jumping , and throwing . The name is derived from the sport 's typical venue : a stadium with an oval running track enclosing a grass field where the throwing and jumping events take place . Track and field is categorised under the umbrella sport of athletics , which also includes road running , cross country running , and race walking . 
 The running events , which include sprints , middle and long @-@ distance events , race walking and hurdling , are won by the athlete with the fastest time . The jumping and throwing events are won by the athlete who achieves the greatest distance or height . Regular jumping events include long jump , triple jump , high jump and pole vault , while the most common throwing events are shot put , weight , javelin , discus and hammer . There are also " combined events " or " multi events " , such as pentathlon consisting of five events , heptathlon consisting of seven events , and decathlon consisting of ten events.For every multi event , athletes participate in a combination of sprinting , jumping , throwing , middle distance , and long distance events . Most track and field events are individual sports with a single victor , but a number are relay races consisting of four members . Events are almost exclusively divided by gender , although both the men 's and women 's competitions are usually held at the same venue . 
 It is one of the oldest sports . In ancient times , it was an event held in conjunction with festivals and sports meets such as the Ancient Olympic Games in Greece . In modern times , the two most prestigious international track and field competitions are athletics competition at the Olympic Games and the IAAF World Championships in Athletics . The International Association of Athletics Federations is the international governing body . 
 Records are kept of the best performances in specific events , at world and national levels , right down to a personal level . However , if athletes are deemed to have violated the event 's rules or regulations , they are disqualified from the competition and their marks are erased . 
 In North America , the term track and field may be used to refer to other athletics events , such as the marathon , rather than strictly track @-@ based events . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The sport of track and field has its roots in human prehistory . Track and field @-@ style events are among the oldest of all sporting competitions , as running , jumping and throwing are natural and universal forms of human physical expression . The first recorded examples of organized track and field events at a sports festival are the Ancient Olympic Games . At the first Games in 776 BC in Olympia , Greece , only one event was contested : the stadion footrace . The scope of the Games expanded in later years to include further running competitions , but the introduction of the Ancient Olympic pentathlon marked a step towards track and field as it is recognized today — it comprised a five @-@ event competition of the long jump , javelin throw , discus throw , stadion footrace , and wrestling . 
 Track and field events were also present at the Panhellenic Games in Greece around this period , and they spread to Rome in Italy around 200 BC . After the period of Classical antiquity ( in which the sport was largely Greco @-@ Roman influenced ) new track and field events began developing in parts of Northern Europe in the Middle Ages . The stone put and weight throw competitions popular among Celtic societies in Ireland and Scotland were precursors to the modern shot put and hammer throw events . One of the last track and field events to develop was the pole vault , which stemmed from competitions such as the Fierljeppen contests in the Northern European Lowlands in the 18th century . 
 Discrete modern track and field competitions , separate from general sporting festivals , were first recorded in the 19th century . These were typically organised by educational institutions , military organisations and sports clubs as competitions between rival establishments . Competitions in the English public schools were conceived as human equivalents of horse racing , fox hunting and hare coursing , influenced by a Classics @-@ rich curriculum . The Royal Shrewsbury School Hunt is the oldest running club in the world , with written records going back to 1831 and evidence that it was established by 1819 . The school organised Paper Chase races in which runners followed a trail of paper shreds left by two " foxes " ; even today RSSH runners are called " hounds " and a race victory is a " kill " . The first definite record of Shrewsbury 's ( cross @-@ country ) Annual Steeplechase is in 1834 , making it the oldest running race of the modern era . The school also lays claim to the oldest track and field meeting still in existence , originating in the Second Spring Meeting first documented in 1840 . This featured a series of throwing and jumping events with mock horse races including the Derby Stakes , the Hurdle Race and the Trial Stakes . Runners were entered by " owners " and named as though they were horses . 13 miles ( 21 km ) away and a decade later , the first Wenlock Olympian Games were held at Much Wenlock racecourse . Events at the 1851 Wenlock Games included a " half @-@ mile foot race " ( 805 m ) and a " leaping in distance " competition . 
 In 1865 , Dr William Penny Brookes of Wenlock helped set up the National Olympian Association , which held their first Olympian Games in 1866 at The Crystal Palace in London . This national event was a great success , attracting a crowd of over ten thousand people . In response , that same year the Amateur Athletic Club was formed and held a championship for " gentlemen amateurs " in an attempt to reclaim the sport for the educated elite . Ultimately the " allcomers " ethos of the NOA won through and the AAC was reconstituted as the Amateur Athletic Association in 1880 , the first national body for the sport of athletics . The AAA Championships , the de facto British national championships despite being for England only , have been held annually since 3 July 1880 with breaks only during two world wars and 2006 – 2008 . The AAA was effectively a global governing body in the early years of the sport , codifying its rules for the first time . 
 Meanwhile , the United States began holding an annual national competition — the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships — first held in 1876 by the New York Athletic Club . The establishment of general sports governing bodies for the United States ( the Amateur Athletic Union in 1888 ) and France ( the Union des sociétés françaises de sports athlétiques in 1889 ) put the sport on a formal footing and meant that international competitions became possible . 
 The establishment of the modern Olympic Games at the end of the 19th century marked a new high for track and field . The Olympic athletics programme , comprising track and field events plus a marathon race , contained many of the foremost sporting competitions of the 1896 Summer Olympics . The Olympics also consolidated the use of metric measurements in international track and field events , both for race distances and for measuring jumps and throws . The Olympic athletics programme greatly expanded over the next decades , and track and field contests remained among the Games ' most prominent . The Olympics was the elite competition for track and field , and only amateur sportsmen could compete . Track and field continued to be a largely amateur sport , as this rule was strictly enforced : Jim Thorpe was stripped of his track and field medals from the 1912 Olympics after it was revealed that he had played baseball professionally . 
 That same year , the International Amateur Athletic Federation ( IAAF ) was established , becoming the international governing body for track and field , and it enshrined amateurism as one of its founding principles for the sport . The National Collegiate Athletic Association held their first Men 's Outdoor Track and Field Championship in 1921 , making it one of the most prestigious competitions for students , and this was soon followed by the introduction of track and field at the inaugural World Student Games in 1923 . The first continental track and field competition was the 1919 South American Championships , which was followed by the European Athletics Championships in 1934 . 
 Up until the early 1920s , track and field had been almost exclusively a male @-@ only pursuit . A growing women 's sports movement in Europe and North America led to the establishment of the Women 's World Games in 1921 and this ultimately caused the introduction of five track and field events for women in the athletics at the 1928 Summer Olympics . In China , women 's track and field events were being held in the 1920s , but were subject to criticism and disrespect from audiences . In 1923 , physical education advocate Zhang Ruizhen called for greater equality and participation of women in Chinese track and field . The rise of Kinue Hitomi and her 1928 Olympic medal for Japan signified the growth of women 's track and field in East Asia . More women 's events were gradually introduced as years progressed ( although it was only towards the end of the century that the men 's and women 's programmes approached parity of events ) . Marking an increasingly inclusive approach to the sport , major track and field competitions for disabled athletes were first introduced at the 1960 Summer Paralympics . 
 With the rise of numerous regional championships , as well as the growth in Olympic @-@ style multi @-@ sport events ( such as the Commonwealth Games and the Pan @-@ American Games ) , competitions between international track and field athletes became widespread . From the 1960s onwards , the sport gained more exposure and commercial appeal through television coverage and the increasing wealth of nations . After over half a century of amateurism , the amateur status of the sport began to be displaced by growing professionalism in the late 1970s . As a result , the Amateur Athletic Union was dissolved in the United States and it was replaced with a non @-@ amateur body solely focused on the sport of athletics : The Athletics Congress ( later USA Track and Field ) . The IAAF soon followed suit in 1982 , abandoning amateurism , and later removing all references to it from its name by rebranding itself as the International Association of Athletics Federations . The following year saw the establishment of the IAAF World Championships in Athletics — the first ever global competition just for athletics — which , with the Olympics , became one of track and field 's most prestigious competitions . 
 The profile of the sport reached a new high in the 1980s , with a number of athletes becoming household names ( such as Carl Lewis , Sergey Bubka , Sebastian Coe , Zola Budd and Florence Griffith @-@ Joyner ) . Many world records were broken in this period , and the added political element between competitors of the United States , East Germany , and the Soviet Union , in reaction to the Cold War , only served to stoke the sport 's popularity . The increase in the commercial capacity of track and field was also met with developments in the application of sports science , and there were many changes to coaching methods , athlete 's diet regimes , training facilities and sports equipment . This was also accompanied by an increase in the use of performance @-@ enhancing drugs , and prominent cases , such as those of Olympic gold medallists Ben Johnson and Marion Jones , damaged the public image and marketability of the sport . 
 From the 1990s onwards , track and field became increasingly more professional and international , as the IAAF gained over two hundred member nations . The IAAF World Championships in Athletics became a fully professional competition with the introduction of prize money in 1997 , and in 1998 the IAAF Golden League — an annual series of major track and field meetings in Europe — provided a higher level of economic incentive in the form of a US $ 1 million jackpot . In 2010 , the series was replaced by the more lucrative IAAF Diamond League , a fourteen @-@ meeting series held in Europe , Asia , North America and the Middle East — the first ever worldwide annual series of track and field meetings . 
 
 = = Events = = 
 
 Track and field events are divided into three broad categories : track events , field events , and combined events . The majority of athletes tend to specialise in just one event ( or event type ) with the aim of perfecting their performances , although the aim of combined events athletes is to become proficient in a number of disciplines . Track events involve running on a track over a specified distances and — in the case of the hurdling and steeplechase events — obstacles may be placed on the track . There are also relay races in which teams of athletes run and pass on a baton to their team member at the end of a certain distance . 
 There are two types of field events : jumps , and throws . In jumping competitions , athletes are judged on either the length or height of their jumps . The performances of jumping events for distance are measured from a board or marker , and any athlete overstepping this mark is judged to have fouled . In the jumps for height , an athlete must clear their body over a crossbar without knocking the bar off the supporting standards . The majority of jumping events are unaided , although athletes propel themselves vertically with purpose @-@ built sticks in the pole vault . 
 The throwing events involve hurling an implement ( such as a heavy weight , javelin or discus ) from a set point , with athletes being judged on the distance that the object is thrown . Combined events involve the same group of athletes contesting a number of different track and field events . Points are given for their performance in each event and the athlete with the greatest points total at the end of all events is the winner . 
 Note : Events in italics are competed at indoor world championships only 
 
 = = = Running = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Sprints = = = = 
 
 Races over short distances , or sprints , are among the oldest running competitions . The first 13 editions of the Ancient Olympic Games featured only one event , the stadion race , which was a race from one end of the stadium to the other . Sprinting events are focused around athletes reaching and sustaining their quickest possible running speed . Three sprinting events are currently held at the Olympics and outdoor World Championships : the 100 metres , 200 metres , and 400 metres . These events have their roots in races of imperial measurements that later changed to metric : the 100 m evolved from the 100 yard dash , the 200 m distances came from the furlong ( or 1 / 8 of a mile ) , and the 400 m was the successor to the 440 yard dash or quarter @-@ mile race . 
 At the professional level , sprinters begin the race by assuming a crouching position in the starting blocks before leaning forward and gradually moving into an upright position as the race progresses and momentum is gained . Athletes remain in the same lane on the running track throughout all sprinting events , with the sole exception of the 400 m indoors . Races up to 100 m are largely focused upon acceleration to an athlete 's maximum speed . All sprints beyond this distance increasingly incorporate an element of endurance . Human physiology dictates that a runner 's near @-@ top speed cannot be maintained for more than thirty seconds or so because lactic acid builds up once leg muscles begin to suffer oxygen deprivation . Top speed can only be maintained for up to 20 metres . 
 The 60 metres is a common indoor event and indoor world championship event . Less @-@ common events include the 50 metres , 55 metres , 300 metres and 500 metres which are run in some high school and collegiate competitions in the United States . The 150 metres , though rarely competed , has a star @-@ studded history : Pietro Mennea set a world best in 1983 , Olympic champions Michael Johnson and Donovan Bailey went head @-@ to @-@ head over the distance in 1997 , and Usain Bolt improved Mennea 's record in 2009 . 
 
 = = = = Middle distance = = = = 
 
 The most common middle @-@ distance track events are the 800 metres , 1500 metres and mile run , although the 3000 metres may also be classified as a middle @-@ distance event . The 880 yard run , or half mile , was the forebear of the 800 m distance and it has its roots in competitions in the United Kingdom in the 1830s . The 1500 m came about as a result of running three laps of a 500 m track , which was commonplace in continental Europe in the 20th century . 
 Runners start the race from a standing position along a curved starting line and after hearing the starter 's pistol they head towards the innermost track to follow the quickest route to the finish . In 800 m races athletes begin at a staggered starting point before the turn in the track and they must remain in their lanes for the first 100 m of the race . This rule was introduced to reduce the amount of physical jostling between runners in the early stages of the race . Physiologically , these middle @-@ distance events demand that athletes have good aerobic and anaerobic energy producing systems , and also that they have strong speed endurance . 
 The 1500 m and mile run events have historically been some of the most prestigious track and field events . Swedish rivals Gunder Hägg and Arne Andersson broke each other 's 1500 m and mile world records on a number of occasions in the 1940s . The prominence of the distances were maintained by Roger Bannister , who ( in 1954 ) was the first to run the long @-@ elusive four @-@ minute mile , and Jim Ryun 's exploits served to popularise interval training . Races between British rivals Sebastian Coe , Steve Ovett and Steve Cram characterised middle @-@ distance running in the 1980s . From the 1990s onwards , North Africans such as Noureddine Morceli of Algeria and Hicham El Guerrouj of Morocco came to dominate the 1500 and mile events . 
 Beyond the short distances of sprinting events , factors such as an athlete 's reactions and top speed becomes less important , while qualities such as pace , race tactics and endurance become more so . 
 
 = = = = Long distance = = = = 
 
 There are three common long distance running events in track and field competitions : 3000 metres , 5000 metres and 10 @,@ 000 metres . The latter two races are both Olympic and World Championship events outdoors , while the 3000 m is held at the IAAF World Indoor Championships . The 5000 m and 10 @,@ 000 m events have their historical roots in the 3 @-@ mile and 6 @-@ mile races . The 3000 m was historically used as a women 's long distance event , entering the World Championship programme in 1983 and Olympic programme in 1984 , but this was abandoned in favour of a women 's 5000 m event in 1995 . 
 In terms of competition rules and physical demands , long distance track races have much in common with middle @-@ distance races , except that pacing , stamina , and race tactics become much greater factors in performances . However , a number of athletes have achieved success in both middle- and long @-@ distance events , including Saïd Aouita who set world records from 1500 m to 5000 m . The use of pace @-@ setters in long distance events is very common at the elite level , although they are not present at championship level competitions as all qualified competitors want to win . 
 The long distance track events gained popularity in the 1920s by the achievements of the " Flying Finns " , such as multiple Olympic champion Paavo Nurmi . The successes of Emil Zátopek in the 1950s promoted intense interval training methods , but Ron Clarke 's world record @-@ breaking feats established the importance of natural training and even @-@ paced running . The 1990s saw the rise of North and East African runners in long distance events . Kenyan and Ethiopian athletes , in particular , have since remained dominant in these events . 
 
 = = = = Relay races = = = = 
 
 Relay races are the only track and field event in which a team of runners directly compete against other teams . Typically , a team is made up of four runners of the same sex . Each runner completes their specified distance ( referred to as a leg ) before handing over a baton to a team mate , who then begins their leg upon receiving the baton . There is usually a designated area where athletes must exchange the baton . Teams may be disqualified if they fail to complete the change within the area , or if the baton is dropped during the race . A team may also be disqualified if its runners are deemed to have wilfully impeded other competitors . 
 Relay races emerged in the United States in the 1880s as a variation on charity races between firemen , who would hand a red pennant on to team mates every 300 yards . There are two very common relay events : the 4 × 100 metres relay and the 4 × 400 metres relay . Both events entered the Olympic programme at the 1912 Summer Games after a one @-@ off men 's medley relay featured in 1908 Olympics . The 4 × 100 m event is run strictly within the same lane on the track , meaning that the team collectively runs one complete circuit of the track . Teams in a 4 × 400 m event remain in their own lane until the runner of the second leg passes the first bend , at which point runners can leave their lanes and head towards the inner @-@ most part of the circuit . For the second and third baton change overs , team mates must align themselves in respect of their team position – leading teams take the inner lanes while team mates of the slower teams must await the baton on outer lanes . 
 The IAAF keeps world records for five different types of track relays . As with 4 × 100 m and 4 × 400 m events , all races comprise teams of four athletes running the same distances , with the less commonly contested distances being the 4 × 200 m , 4 × 800 m and 4 × 1500 m relays . Other events include the distance medley relay ( comprising legs of 1200 m , 400 m , 800 m , and 1600 m ) , which is frequently held in the United States , and a sprint relay , known as the Swedish medley relay , which is popular in Scandinavia and held at the World Youth Championships in Athletics programme . Relay events have significant participation in the United States , where a number of large meetings ( or relay carnivals ) are focused almost exclusively on relay events . 
 
 = = = = Hurdling = = = = 
 
 Races with hurdles as obstacles were first popularised in the 19th century in England . The first known event , held in 1830 , was a variation of the 100 @-@ yard dash that included heavy wooden barriers as obstacles . A competition between the Oxford and Cambridge Athletic Clubs in 1864 refined this , holding a 120 @-@ yard race ( 110 m ) with ten hurdles of 3 @-@ foot and 6 inches ( 1 @.@ 06 m ) in height ( each placed 10 yards ( 9 m ) apart ) , with the first and final hurdles 15 yards from the start and finish , respectively . French organisers adapted the race into metric ( adding 28 cm ) and the basics of this race , the men 's 110 metres hurdles , has remained largely unchanged . The origin of the 400 metres hurdles also lies in Oxford , where ( around 1860 ) a competition was held over 440 yards and twelve 1 @.@ 06 m high wooden barriers were placed along the course . The modern regulations stem from the 1900 Summer Olympics : the distance was fixed to 400 m while ten 3 @-@ foot ( 91 @.@ 44 cm ) hurdles were placed 35 m apart on the track , with the first and final hurdles being 45 m and 40 m away from the start and finish , respectively . Women 's hurdles are slightly lower at 84 cm ( 2 ft 9 in ) for the 100 m event and 76 cm ( 2 ft 6 in ) for the 400 m event . 
 By far the most common events are the 100 metres hurdles for women , 110 m hurdles for men and 400 m hurdles for both sexes . The men 's 110 m has been featured at every modern Summer Olympics while the men 's 400 m was introduced in the second edition of the Games . Women 's initially competed in the 80 metres hurdles event , which entered the Olympic programme in 1932 . This was extended to the 100 m hurdles at the 1972 Olympics , but it was not until 1984 that a women 's 400 m hurdles event took place at the Olympics ( having been introduced at the 1983 World Championships in Athletics the previous year ) . 
 Outside of the hurdles events , the steeplechase race is the other track and field event with obstacles . Just as the hurdling events , the steeplechase finds its origin in student competition in Oxford , England . However , this event was born as a human variation on the original steeplechase competition found in horse racing . A steeplechase event was held on a track for the 1879 English championships and the 1900 Summer Olympics featured men 's 2500 m and 4000 m steeplechase races . The event was held over various distances until the 1920 Summer Olympics marked the rise of the 3000 metres steeplechase as the standard event . The IAAF set the standards of the event in 1954 , and the event is held on a 400 m circuit that includes a water jump on each lap . Despite the long history of men 's steeplechase in track and field , the women 's steeplechase only gained World Championship status in 2005 , with its first Olympic appearance coming in 2008 . 
 
 = = = Jumping = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Long jump = = = = 
 
 The long jump is one of the oldest track and field events , having its roots as one of the events within the ancient Greek pentathlon contest . The athletes would take a short run up and jump into an area of dug up earth , with the winner being the one who jumped farthest . Small weights ( Halteres ) were held in each hand during the jump then swung back and dropped near the end to gain extra momentum and distance . The modern long jump , standardised in England and the United States around 1860 , bears resemblance to the ancient event although no weights are used . Athletes sprint along a length of track that leads to a jumping board and a sandpit . The athletes must jump before a marked line and their achieved distance is measured from the nearest point of sand disturbed by the athlete 's body . 
 The athletics competition at the first Olympics featured a men 's long jump competition and a women 's competition was introduced at the 1948 Summer Olympics . Professional long jumpers typically have strong acceleration and sprinting abilities . However , athletes must also have a consistent stride to allow them to take off near the board while still maintaining their maximum speed . In addition to the traditional long jump , a standing long jump contest exists which requires that athletes leap from a static position without a run @-@ up . A men 's version of this event featured on the Olympic programme from 1900 to 1912 . 
 
 = = = = Triple jump = = = = 
 
 Similar to the long jump , the triple jump takes place on a track heading towards a sandpit . Originally , athletes would hop on the same leg twice before jumping into the pit , but this was changed to the current " hop , step and jump " pattern from 1900 onwards . There is some dispute over whether the triple jump was contested in ancient Greece : while some historians claim that a contest of three jumps occurred at Ancient Games , others such as Stephen G. Miller believe this is incorrect , suggesting that the belief stems from a mythologised account of Phayllus of Croton having jumped 55 ancient feet ( around 16 @.@ 3 m ) . The Book of Leinster , a 12th @-@ century Irish manuscript , records the existence of geal @-@ ruith ( triple jump ) contests at the ancient Tailteann Games . 
 The men 's triple jump competition has been ever @-@ present at the modern Olympics , but it was not until 1993 that a women 's version gained World Championship status and went on to have its first Olympic appearance three years later . The men 's standing triple jump event featured at the Olympics in 1900 and 1904 , but such competitions have since become very uncommon , although it is still used as a non @-@ competitive exercise drill . 
 
 = = = = High jump = = = = 
 
 The first recorded instances of high jumping competitions were in Scotland in the 19th century . Further competitions were organised in 1840 in England and in 1865 the basic rules of the modern event were standardised there . Athletes have a short run up and then take off from one foot to jump over a horizontal bar and fall back onto a cushioned landing area . The men 's high jump was included in the 1896 Olympics and a women 's competition followed in 1928 . 
 Jumping technique has played a significant part in the history of the event . High jumpers typically cleared the bar feet first in the late 19th century , using either the Scissors , Eastern cut @-@ off or Western roll technique . The straddle technique became prominent in the mid @-@ 20th century , but Dick Fosbury overturned tradition by pioneering a backwards and head @-@ first technique in the late 1960s – the Fosbury Flop – which won him the gold at the 1968 Olympics . This technique has become the overwhelming standard for the sport from the 1980s onwards . The standing high jump was contested at the Olympics from 1900 to 1912 , but is now relatively uncommon outside of its use as an exercise drill . 
 
 = = = = Pole vault = = = = 
 
 In terms of sport , the use of poles for vaulting distances was recorded in Fierljeppen contests in the Frisian area of Europe , and vaulting for height was seen at gymnastics competitions in Germany in the 1770s . One of the earliest recorded pole vault competitions was in Cumbria , England in 1843 . The basic rules and technique of the event originated in the United States . The rules required that athletes do not move their hands along the pole and athletes began clearing the bar with their feet first and twisting so that the stomach faces the bar . Bamboo poles were introduced in the 20th century and a metal box in the runway for planting the pole became standard . Landing mattresses were introduced in the mid @-@ 20th century to protect the athletes who were clearing increasingly greater heights . 
 The modern event sees athletes run down a strip of track , plant the pole in the metal box , and vault over the horizontal bar before letting go of the pole and falling backwards onto the landing mattress . While earlier versions used wooden , metal or bamboo , modern poles are generally made from artificial materials such as fibreglass or carbon fibre . The pole vault has been an Olympic event since 1896 for men , but it was over 100 years later that the first women 's world championship competition was held at the 1997 IAAF World Indoor Championships . The first women 's Olympic pole vaulting competition occurred in 2000 . 
 
 = = = Throwing = = = 
 
 Track and field contains some of the foremost kinds of throwing sports , and the four major disciplines are the only pure throwing events to feature at the Olympic Games . 
 
 = = = = Shot put = = = = 
 
 The genesis of the shot put can be traced to pre @-@ historic competitions with rocks : in the Middle ages the stone put was known in Scotland and the steinstossen was recorded in Switzerland . In the 17th century , cannonball throwing competitions within the English military provided a precursor to the modern sport . The term " shot " originates from the use of round shot @-@ style ammunition for the sport . The modern rules were first laid out in 1860 and required that competitors take legal throws within a square throwing area of seven feet ( 2 @.@ 13 m ) on each side . This was amended to a circle area with a seven @-@ foot diameter in 1906 , and the weight of the shot was standardised to 16 pounds ( 7 @.@ 26 kg ) . Throwing technique was also refined over this period , with bent arm throws being banned as they were deemed too dangerous and the side @-@ step and throw technique arising in the United States in 1876 . 
 The shot put has been an Olympic sport for men since 1896 and a women 's competition using a 4 kg ( 8 @.@ 82 lb ) shot was added in 1948 . Further throwing techniques have arisen since the post @-@ war era : in the 1950s Parry O 'Brien popularised the 180 degree turn and throw technique commonly known as the " glide " , breaking the world record 17 times along the way , while Aleksandr Baryshnikov and Brian Oldfield introduced the " spin " or rotational technique in 1976 . 
 
 = = = = Discus throw = = = = 
 
 As one of the events within the ancient pentathlon , the history of the discus throw dates back to 708 BC . In ancient times a heavy circular disc was thrown from a set standing position on a small pedestal , and it was this style that was revived for the 1896 Olympics . This continued until the 1906 Intercalated Games in Athens , which featured both the ancient style and the increasingly popular modern style of turning and throwing . By the 1912 Olympics , the ancient standing throw style had fallen into disuse and contests starting within a 2 @.@ 5 m squared throwing area became the standard . The discus implement was standardised to 2 kg ( 4 @.@ 4 pounds ) in weight and 22 cm ( 8 inches ) in diameter in 1907 . The women 's discus was among the first women 's events on the Olympic programme , being introduced in 1928 . 
 
 = = = = Javelin throw = = = = 
 
 As an implement of war and hunting , javelin throwing began in prehistoric times . Along with the discus , the javelin was the second throwing event in the ancient Olympic pentathlon . Records from 708 BC show two javelin competition types co @-@ existing : throwing at a target and throwing the javelin for distance . It was the latter type from which the modern event derives . In ancient competitions , athletes would wrap an ankyle ( thin leather strip ) around the javelin that acted as a sling to facilitate extra distance . The javelin throw gained much popularity in Scandinavia in the late 18th century and athletes from the region are still among the most dominant throwers in men 's competitions . The modern event features a short run up on a track and then the thrower releases the javelin before the foul line . 
 The first Olympic men 's javelin throw contest was held in 1908 and a women 's competition was introduced in 1932 . The first javelins were made of various types of wood , but in the 1950s , former athlete Bud Held introduced a hollow javelin , then a metal javelin , both of which increased throwers performances . Another former athlete , Miklós Németh invented the rough @-@ tailed javelin and throws reached in excess of 100 m – edging towards the limits of stadia . The distances and the increasing number of horizontal landings led the IAAF to redesign the men 's javelin to reduce distance and increase the implement 's downward pitching moment to allow for easier measurement . Rough @-@ tailed designs were banned in 1991 and all marks achieved with such javelins were removed from the record books . The women 's javelin underwent a similar redesign in 1999 . The current javelin specifications are 2 @.@ 6 to 2 @.@ 7 m in length and 800 grams in weight for men , and 2 @.@ 2 to 2 @.@ 3 m and 600 g for women . 
 
 = = = = Hammer throw = = = = 
 
 The earliest recorded precursors to the modern hammer throw stem from the Tailteann Games around 1800 BC , which featured events such as throwing either a weight attached to a rope , a large rock on a wooden handle , or even a chariot wheel on a wooden axle . Other ancient competitions included throwing a cast iron ball attached to a wooden handle – the root of the term " hammer throw " due to their resemblance to the tools . In 16th century England , contests involving the throwing of actual blacksmith 's Sledgehammers were recorded . The hammer implement was standardised in 1887 and the competitions began to resemble the modern event . The weight of the metal ball was set at 16 pounds ( 7 @.@ 26 kg ) while the attached wire had to measure between 1 @.@ 175 m and 1 @.@ 215 m . 
 The men 's hammer throw became an Olympic event in 1900 but the women 's event – using a 4 kg ( 8 @.@ 82 lb ) weight – was not widely competed until much later , finally featuring on the women 's Olympic programme in 2000 . The distances thrown by male athletes became greater from the 1950s onwards as a result of improved equipment using the denser metals , a switch to concrete throwing areas , and more advanced training techniques . Professional hammer throwers as historically large , strong , sturdy athletes . However , qualities such as refined technique , speed and flexibility have become increasingly important in the modern era as the legal throwing area has been reduced from 90 to 34 @.@ 92 degrees and throwing technique involves three to four controlled rotations . 
 
 = = = Combined events = = = 
 
 Combined ( or multi @-@ discipline ) events are competitions in which athletes participate in a number of track and field events , earning points for their performance in each event , which adds to a total points score . Outdoors , the most common combined events are the men 's decathlon ( ten events ) and the women 's heptathlon ( seven events ) . Due to stadium limitations , indoor combined events competition have a reduced number of events , resulting in the men 's heptathlon and the women 's pentathlon . Athletes are allocated points based on an international @-@ standard points scoring system , such as the decathlon scoring table . 
 The Ancient Olympic pentathlon ( comprising long jump , javelin , discus , the stadion race and wrestling ) was a precursor to the track and field combined events and this ancient event was restored at the 1906 Summer Olympics ( Intercalated Games ) . A men 's all @-@ around was held at the 1904 Summer Olympics , contested between five American and two British athletes . 
 
 = = Stadium = = 
 
 
 = = = Outdoor = = = 
 
 The term track and field is intertwined with the stadiums that first hosted such competitions . The two basic features of a track and field stadium are the outer oval @-@ shaped running track and an area of turf within this track — the field . In earlier competitions , track lengths varied : the Panathinaiko Stadium measured 333 @.@ 33 metres at the 1896 Summer Olympics , while at the 1904 Olympics the distance was a third of a mile ( 536 @.@ 45 m ) at Francis Field . As the sport developed , the IAAF standardised the length to 400 m and stated that the tracks must be split into six to eight running lanes . Precise widths for the lanes were established , as were regulations regarding the curvature of the track . Tracks made of flattened cinders were popular in the early 20th century but synthetic tracks became standard in the late 1960s . 3M 's Tartan track ( an all @-@ weather running track of polyurethane ) gained popularity after its use at the 1968 US Olympic Trials and the 1968 Summer Olympics and it began the process in which synthetic tracks became the standard for the sport . Many track and field stadiums are multi @-@ purpose stadiums , with the running track surrounding a field built for other sports , such as the various types of football . 
 The field of the stadium combines a number of elements for use in the jumping and throwing events . The long jump and triple jump areas comprise a straight , narrow 40 @-@ metre running track with a sandpit at one or both ends . Jumps are measured from a take off board — typically a small strip of wood with a plasticine marker attached — which ensures athletes jump from behind the measurement line . The pole vault area is also a 40 @-@ metre running track and has an indentation in the ground ( the box ) where vaulters plant their poles to propel themselves over a crossbar before falling onto cushioned landing mats . The high jump is a stripped down version of this , with an open area of track or field that leads to a crossbar with a square area of landing mats behind it . 
 The four throwing events generally all begin on one side of the stadium . The javelin throw typically takes place on a piece of track that is central and parallel to the straights of the main running track . The javelin throwing area is a sector shape frequently across the Pitch ( sports field ) in the middle of the stadium , ensuring that the javelin has a minimal chance of causing damage or injury . The discus throw and hammer throw contests begin in a tall metal cage usually situated in one of the corners of the field . The cage reduces the danger of implements being thrown out of the field of play and throws travel diagonally across the field in the centre of the stadium . The shot put features a circular throwing area with a toe board at one end . The throwing area is a sector . Some stadia also have a water jump area on one side of the field specifically for steeplechase races . 
 
 = = = Indoor = = = 
 
 Basic indoor venues may be adapted gymnasiums , which can easily accommodate high jump competitions and short track events . Full @-@ size indoor arenas ( i.e. those fully equipped to host all events for the World Indoor Championships ) bear similarities with their outdoor equivalents . Typically , a central area is surrounded by a 200 @-@ metre oval track with four to eight lanes . The track can be banked at the turns to allow athletes to run around the radius more comfortably . There is also a second running track going straight across the field area , parallel to the straights of the main circuit . This track is used for the 60 metres and 60 metres hurdles events , which are held almost exclusively indoors . 
 Another common adaptation is a 160 @-@ yard track ( 11 laps to a mile ) that fits into a common basketball court sized arena . This was quite popular when races were held at imperial distances , which gradually was phased out by different organizations in the 1970s and 1980s . Examples of this configuration include the Millrose Games at Madison Square Garden , and the Sunkist Invitational formerly held in the Los Angeles Sports Arena . 
 All four of the common jumping events are held at indoor venues . The long and triple jump areas run alongside the central 60 m track and are mostly identical in form to their outdoor counterparts . The pole vault track and landing area are also alongside the central running track . Shot put ( or weight throw ) is the only throwing event held indoors due to size restrictions . The throwing area is similar to the outdoor event , but the landing sector is a rectangular section surrounded by netting or a stop barrier . 
 In addition to hosting the World Indoor Championships , the IAAF has hosted the IAAF World Indoor Tour since 2016 . 
 
 = = Rules = = 
 
 
 = = = Track rules = = = 
 
 The rules of track athletics or of track events in athletics as observed in most international athletics competitions are set by the Competition Rules of the International Association of Athletics Federations ( IAAF ) . The most recent complete set of rules is the 2009 rules that relate only to competitions in 2009 . Key rules of track events are those regarding starting , running and finishing . 
 
 = = = = Starting = = = = 
 
 The start of a race is marked by a white line 5 cm wide . In all races that are not run in lanes the start line must be curved , so that all the athletes start the same distance from the finish . Starting blocks may be used for all races up to and including 400 m ( including the first leg of the 4 × 100 m and 4 × 400 m ) and may not be used for any other race . No part of the starting block may overlap the start line or extend into another lane . 
 All races must be started by the report of the starter 's gun or approved starting apparatus fired upwards after they have ascertained that athletes are steady and in the correct starting position . An athlete may not touch either the start line or the ground in front of it with their hands or feet when on their marks . 
 For sprint races up to 400 m , the starter gives two commands : " on your marks " to instruct athletes to approach the start line , followed by " set " to advise the athletes that the start of the race is imminent . The commands of the starter are typically given in the native language in national competitions , or in English or French in international competitions . Once all athletes are set in their starting position , the gun or an approved starting apparatus must be fired or activated . If the starter is not satisfied that all are ready to proceed , the athletes may be called out of the blocks and the process started over . 
 There are different types of starts for races of different distances . Middle- and long @-@ distance races mainly use the waterfall start . This is when all athletes begin on a curved line that moves farther out at the outer edge of the track . Competitors are allowed to move towards the inside lane right away , as long as it is safe to do so . For some middle @-@ distance races , such as 800 m , each athlete starts in their own lane . Once the gun fires , they must run in the lane they began in until markers on the track notify them it is time to move towards the inside lane . For sprint races , athletes begin in start blocks and must stay in their own lane for the entire race . 
 An athlete , after assuming a final set position , may not commence his starting motion until after receiving the report of the gun , or approved starting apparatus . If , in the judgment of the starter or recallers , he does so any earlier , it is considered a false start . It is deemed a false start if , in the judgment of the starter an athlete fails to comply with the commands " on your marks " or " set " as appropriate after a reasonable time ; or an athlete after the command " on your marks " disturbs other athletes in the race through sound or otherwise . If the runner is in the " set " position and moves , then the runner is also disqualified . As of 2010 , any athlete making a false start is disqualified . 
 In International elite competition , electronically tethered starting blocks sense the reaction time of the athletes . If the athlete reacts in less than 0 @.@ 1 second , an alert sounds for a recall starter and the offending athlete is guilty of a false start . 
 
 = = = = Running the race = = = = 
 
 For sprinting events ( bar the 4 × 400 m relay and the indoor 400 metres ) , each athlete must run the race within their allocated lane from start to finish . If an athlete leaves their lane or steps on the line demarking each lane the athlete will be disqualified . Lane rules also apply for initial periods of other track races , for example , the beginning of the 800 m . Similar rules apply for longer distance races when a large field of athletes is present and separate starting points are designated , with the field merging into one group shortly after the starting phase . 
 Any athlete who jostles or obstructs another athlete , in a way that impedes his progress , should be disqualified from that event . However , if an athlete is pushed or forced by another person to run outside his lane , and if no material advantage is gained , the athlete should not be disqualified . 
 
 = = = = The finish = = = = 
 
 The finish of a race is marked by a white line 5 cm wide . The finishing position of athletes is determined by the order in which any part of their torso ( as distinguished from the head , neck , arms , legs , hands or feet ) reaches the vertical plane of the nearer edge of the finish line . Fully automatic timing systems ( photo timing ) are becoming more and more common at increasingly lower levels of track meets , improving the accuracy , while eliminating the need for eagle @-@ eyed officials on the finish line . Fully automatic timing ( FAT ) is required for high level meets and any time a ( sprint ) record is set ( though distance records can be accepted if timed by three independent stopwatches ) . 
 With the accuracy of the timing systems , ties are rare . Ties between different athletes are resolved as follows : In determining whether there has been a tie in any round for a qualifying position for the next round based on time , a judge ( called the chief photo finish judge ) must consider the actual time recorded by the athletes to one thousandth of a second . If the judge decides that there has been a tie , the tying athletes must be placed in the next round or , if that is not practicable , lots must be drawn to determine who must be placed in the next round . In the case of a tie for first place in any final , the referee decides whether it is practicable to arrange for the athletes so tying to compete again . If he decides it is not , the result stands . Ties in other placings remain . 
 
 = = = Field rules = = = 
 
 In general , most field events allow a competitor to take their attempt individually , under theoretically the same conditions as the other competitors in the competition . Each attempt is measured to determine who achieved the longest distance . 
 Vertical jumps ( high jump and pole vault ) set a bar at a particular height . The competitor must clear the bar without knocking it off the standards that are holding the bar ( flat ) . Three failures in a row ends the competitor 's participation in the event . The competitor has the option to PASS their attempt , which can be used to strategic advantage ( of course that advantage is lost if the competitor misses ) . A pass could be used to save energy and avoid taking a jump that would not improve their position in the standings . After all competitors have either cleared , passed or failed their attempts at a height , the bar goes up . The amount the bar goes up is predetermined before the competition , though when one competitor remains , that competitor may choose their own heights for the remaining attempts . A record is kept of each attempt by each competitor . After all competitors have taken their attempts , the one jumping the highest is the winner , and so on down the other competitors in the event . Ties are broken by first , the number of attempts taken at the highest height ( fewest wins ) , and then if still tied , by the total number of misses in the competition as a whole . The bar does not go back to a lower height except to break a tie for first place or a qualifying position . If those critical positions are still tied after applying the tiebreakers , all tied competitors take a fourth jump at the last height . If they still miss , the bar goes down one increment where they again jump . This process continues until the tie is broken . 
 Horizontal jumps ( long jump and triple jump ) and all throws must be initiated behind a line . In the case of horizontal jumps , that line is a straight line perpendicular to the runway . In the case of throws , that line is an arc or a circle . Crossing the line while initiating the attempt invalidates the attempt — it becomes a foul . All landings must occur in a sector . For the jumps , that is a sand filled pit , for throws it is a defined sector . A throw landing on the line on the edge of sector is a foul ( the inside edge of the line is the outside edge of the sector ) . Assuming a proper attempt , officials measure the distance from the closest landing point back to the line . The measuring tape is carefully straightened to the shortest distance between the point and the line . To accomplish this , the tape must be perfectly perpendicular to the take off line in jumps , or is pulled through the center point of the arc for throws . The officials at the landing end of the tape have the zero , while the officials at the point of initiation measure and record the length . Whenever a record ( or potential record ) occurs , that measurement is taken ( again ) with a steel tape , and observed by at least three officials ( plus usually the meet referee ) . Steel tapes are easily bent and damaged , so are not used to measure everyday competitions . For major competitions , each competitor gets three tries . The top competitors ( usually 8 or 9 depending on that competition 's rules or the number of lanes on the track ) gets three more tries . At that level of competition , the order of competitors for those final three attempts are set — so the competitor in first place at the end of the third round is last , while the last competitor to qualify goes first . Some meets rearrange the competition order again for the final round , so the final attempt is taken by the leader at that point . At other competitions , meet management may choose to limit all competitors to four or three attempts . Whatever the format , all competitors get an equal number of attempts . 
 
 = = Equipment = = 
 
 Men and women have different weights for their throwing implements – men 's javelin is 800 grams compared to 600 for women , men 's weight throw is 35 pounds compared to 20 for women , men 's discus is 2 kilograms to women 's 1 , men 's shot put is 16 pounds compared to 8 pounds for women , and men 's hammer throw is also 16 pounds to the women 's 8 . Additionally , men 's high hurdles are at height of 42 inches compared to women 's hurdles which are 33 inches . For the intermediate hurdles ( 400 meter hurdles ) , the men 's hurdle height is 36 inches compared to 30 inches for women . 
 
 = = Organizations = = 
 
 The international governance of track and field falls under the jurisdiction of athletics organisations . The International Association of Athletics Federations is the global governing body for track and field , and athletics as a whole . The governance of track and field at continental and national level is also done by athletics bodies . Some national federations are named after the sport , including USA Track & Field and the Philippine Amateur Track & Field Association , but these organisations govern more than just track and field and are in fact athletics governing bodies . These national federations regulate sub @-@ national and local track and field clubs , as well as other types of running clubs . 
 
 = = Competitions = = 
 
 
 = = = Olympics , Paralympics and world championships = = = 
 
 The major global track and field competitions are both held under the scope of athletics . Track and field contests make up the majority of events on the Olympic and Paralympic athletics programmes , which occur every four years . Track and field events have held a prominent position at the Summer Olympics since its inception in 1896 , and the events are typically held in the main stadium of the Olympic and Paralympic Games . Events such as the 100 metres receive some of the highest levels of media coverage of any Olympic or Paralympic sporting event . 
 The other two major international competition for track and field are organised by the IAAF . The IAAF had selected the Olympic competition as its world championship event in 1913 , but a separate world championships for athletics alone was first held in 1983 – the IAAF World Championships in Athletics . The championships comprised track and field competitions plus the marathon and racewalking competitions . Initially , this worked on a quadrennial basis but , after 1991 , it changed to a biennial format . In terms of indoor track and field , the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Athletics has been held every two years since 1985 and this is the only world championships that consists of solely track and field events . 
 
 = = = Other championships = = = 
 
 Similar to the event programmes at the Olympics , Paralympics and World Championships , track and field forms a significant part of continental championships . The South American Championships in Athletics , created in 1919 , was the first continental championships and the European Athletics Championships became the second championships of this type in 1934 . The Asian Athletics Championships and African Championships in Athletics were created in the 1970s and Oceania started its championships in 1990 . 
 There are also indoor continental competitions in Europe ( European Athletics Indoor Championships ) and Asia ( Asian Indoor Athletics Championships ) . There has not been a consistent championships for all of North America , which may be ( in part ) due to the success of both the Central American and Caribbean Championships and the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships . Most countries have a national championship in track and field and , for athletes , these often play a role in gaining selection into major competitions . Some countries hold many track and field championships at high school and college @-@ level , which help develop younger athletes . Some of these have gained significant exposure and prestige , such as the NCAA Track and Field Championship in the United States and the Jamaican High School Championships . However , the number and status of such competitions significantly vary from country to country . 
 
 = = = Multi @-@ sport events = = = 
 
 Mirroring the role that track and field events have at the Summer Olympics and Paralympics , the sport is featured within the athletics programmes of many major multi @-@ sport events . Among some of the first of these events to follow the Olympic @-@ style model were the World University Games in 1923 , the Commonwealth Games in 1930 , and the Maccabiah Games in 1932 . The number of major multi @-@ sport events greatly increased during the 20th century and thus did the number of track and field events held within them . Typically , track and field events are hosted at the main stadium of the games . 
 After the Olympic and Paralympic Games , the most prominent events for track and field athletes include the three IOC @-@ sanctioned continental games : the All @-@ Africa Games , Asian Games , and the Pan American Games . Other games such as the Commonwealth Games and Summer Universiade , and World Masters Games have significant participation from track and field athletes . Track and field is also present at the national games level , with competitions such as the Chinese National Games serving as the most prestigious national competition for domestic track and field athletes . 
 
 = = = Meetings = = = 
 
 One @-@ day track and field meetings form the most common and seasonal aspect of the sport – they are the most basic level of track and field competition . Meetings are generally organised annually either under the patronage of an educational institution or sports club , or by a group or business that serves as the meeting promoter . In the case of the former , athletes are selected to represent their club or institution . In the case of privately run or independent meetings , athletes participate on an invitation @-@ only basis . 
 The most basic type of meetings are all @-@ comers track meets , which are largely small , local , informal competitions that allow people of all ages and abilities to compete . As meetings become more organized they can gain official sanctioning by the local or national association for the sport . 
 At the professional level , meetings began to offer significant financial incentives for all athletes in the 1990s in Europe with the creation of the " Golden Four " competition , comprising meetings in Zürich , Brussels , Berlin and Oslo . This expanded and received IAAF backing as the IAAF Golden League in 1998 , which was later supplemented by the branding of selected meetings worldwide as the IAAF World Athletics Tour . In 2010 , the Golden League idea was expanded globally as the IAAF Diamond League series and this now forms the top tier of professional one @-@ day track and field meetings . 
 
 = = Records = = 
 
 Athletes performances are timed or measured at virtually all track and field competitions . Doing so can not only serve as a way of determining the winner in an event , but it can also be used for historical comparison ( i.e. a record ) . A large variety of record types exist and men 's and women 's performances are recorded separately . The foremost types of records organise athlete 's performances by the region they represent — beginning with national records , then continental records , up to the global or world record level . National governing bodies control the national record lists , the area associations organise their respective continental lists , and the IAAF ratifies world records . 
 The IAAF ratifies track and field world records if they meet their set criteria . The IAAF first published a world records list in 1914 , initially for men 's events only . There were 53 recognised records in running , hurdling and relay , and 12 field records . World records in women 's events began in 1936 as more events were gradually added to the list , but significant changes were made in the late 1970s . First , all records in imperial measurements were abandoned in 1976 , with the sole exceptional being the mile run due to the prestige and history of the event . The following year , all world records in sprint events would only be recognised if fully automatic electronic timing was used ( as opposed to the traditional hand @-@ timing stopwatch method ) . In 1981 , electronic timing was made compulsory for all world record runs in track and field , with times being recorded to within one hundredth of a second . Two additional types of world record were introduced in 1987 : world records for indoor competitions , and world records for junior athletes under 20 years old . 
 The next most important record type are those achieved at a specific competition . For example , the Olympic records represent the best performances by athletes at the Summer Olympics . All major championships and games have their relevant competition records and a large number of track and field meetings keep a note of their meet records . Other record types include : stadium records , records by age range , records by disability , and records by institution or organisation . Cash bonuses are usually offered to athletes if they break significant records , as doing so can generate greater interest and public attendance in track and field competitions . 
 
 = = Doping = = 
 
 Track and field athletes are banned from ingesting or using certain substances by governing bodies for the sport , from the national to the international level . The IAAF 's constitution incorporates the World Anti @-@ Doping Code among other anti @-@ doping measures . Practices such as blood doping and the use of anabolic steroids , peptide hormones , stimulants , or diuretics can give athletes a physical competitive advantage in track and field . The use of such substances in track and field is opposed on both ethical and medical grounds . Given that the sport functions by measuring and comparing athletes ' performances , performance @-@ enhancing substances create an uneven playing field — athletes who do not use doping substances have a disadvantage over rivals who do . Medically , the use of banned substances may have an adverse effect upon athletes ' health . However , some exemptions are made for athletes who take banned substances for therapeutic use , and athletes are not sanctioned for usage in these cases , such as Kim Collins ' failed drug test due to asthma medication . 
 Athletes have historically been willing to take legal and health risks to improve their performance , with some even stating their willingness to risk their lives , as exemplified by research by Mirkin , Goldman and Connor in researching attitudes to the so @-@ called Goldman dilemma . To prevent use of performance @-@ enhancing substances , athletes must submit to drug tests that are conducted both in and out of competition by anti @-@ doping officials or accredited medical staff . Penalized athletes are susceptible to higher testing upon return to competition . Athletes found to have taken substances on the World Anti @-@ Doping Agency 's banned list receive sanctions and may be banned from competition for a period of time that corresponds to the seriousness of the infraction . However , the use of substances not on the prohibited list may also result in sanctions if the substance is deemed similar to a banned substance in either composition or effect . Athletes may also be sanctioned for missing tests , seeking to avoid testing or tampering with results , refusing to submit to testing , through circumstantial evidence , or confession of use . 
 Doping has played a significant part in the modern history of track and field . State @-@ sponsored doping in East Germany with hormones and anabolic steroids marked the rise of women from the German Democratic Republic in track and field from the late 1960s to the 1980s . A number of these women , such as Marita Koch , broke world records and were highly successful at international competitions . Some athletes , who were following a doping plan from their teenage years , suffered significant health problems as a result of the regime . Ben Johnson ran a new world record in the 100 metres at the 1988 Seoul Olympics but was later banned for using anabolic steroids . In the mid @-@ first decade of the 21st century , the BALCO Scandal eventually resulted in the downfall of prominent sprinters such as Marion Jones and Tim Montgomery , among others , through their usage of banned substances . Doping problems have also been associated with sprinters such as Tyson Gay , Michael Rogers , and Justin Gatlin , all from the United States . Doping has also affected entire nations , such as Russia , which has been banned from competing at both the Indoor World Championships and the Olympics in 2016 . This ban was imposed in 2016 after major allegations of doping and covering up were discovered in 2015 . 
 
 = = Related sports = = 
 
 Track and field bears most similarity to the others categorised under the sport of athletics , specifically cross country running , and road forms of racewalking and running . All these forms of racing tend to record finishing times , have strictly defined start and finish points , and are generally individual in nature . Middle- and long @-@ distance runners usually participate in cross country and road events , in addition to the track . Track racewalkers are most typically road specialists as well . It is unusual for track and field athletes outside of these two groups to compete in cross country or road events . 
 Varieties of strength athletics , such as the World 's Strongest Man and highland games , often incorporate forms of footracing carrying heavy objects as well as throwing events such as the caber toss and keg toss , which bear similarities to track and field throwing events . 
 
 
 = Isabella Beeton = 
 
 Isabella Mary Beeton ( née Mayson ; 14 March 1836 – 6 February 1865 ) , also known as Mrs Beeton , was an English journalist , editor and writer . Her name is particularly associated with her first book , the 1861 work Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management . She was born in London and , after schooling in Islington , north London , and Heidelberg , Germany , she married Samuel Orchart Beeton , an ambitious publisher and magazine editor . 
 In 1857 , less than a year after the wedding , Isabella began writing for one of her husband 's publications , The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine . She translated French fiction and wrote the cookery column , though all the recipes were plagiarised from other works or sent in by the magazine 's readers . In 1859 the Beetons launched a series of 48 @-@ page monthly supplements to The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine ; the 24 instalments were published in one volume as Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management in October 1861 , which sold 60 @,@ 000 copies in the first year . Isabella was working on an abridged version of her book , which was to be titled The Dictionary of Every @-@ Day Cookery , when she died of puerperal fever in February 1865 at the age of 28 . She gave birth to four children , two of whom died in infancy , and had several miscarriages . Two of her biographers , Nancy Spain and Kathryn Hughes , posit the theory that Samuel had unknowingly contracted syphilis in a premarital liaison with a prostitute , and had unwittingly passed the disease on to his wife . 
 The Book of Household Management has been edited , revised and enlarged several times since Isabella 's death and is still in print as at 2016 . Food writers have stated that the subsequent editions of the work were far removed from and inferior to the original version . Several cookery writers , including Elizabeth David and Clarissa Dickson Wright , have criticised Isabella 's work , particularly her use of other people 's recipes . Others , such as the food writer Bee Wilson , consider the censure overstated , and that Beeton and her work should be thought extraordinary and admirable . Her name has become associated with knowledge and authority on Victorian cooking and home management , and the Oxford English Dictionary states that by 1891 the term Mrs Beeton had become used as a generic name for a domestic authority . She is also considered a strong influence in the building or shaping of a middle @-@ class identity of the Victorian era . 
 
 = = Biography = = 
 
 
 = = = Early life , 1836 – 54 = = = 
 
 Isabella Mayson was born on 14 March 1836 in Marylebone , London . She was the eldest of three daughters to Benjamin Mayson , a linen factor ( merchant ) and his wife Elizabeth ( née Jerrom ) . Shortly after Isabella 's birth the family moved to Milk Street , Cheapside , from where Benjamin traded . He died when Isabella was four years old , and Elizabeth , pregnant and unable to cope with raising the children on her own while maintaining Benjamin 's business , sent her two elder daughters to live with relatives . Isabella went to live with her recently widowed paternal grandfather in Great Orton , Cumberland , though she was back with her mother within the next two years . 
 Three years after Benjamin 's death Elizabeth married Henry Dorling , a widower with four children . Henry was the Clerk of Epsom Racecourse , and had been granted residence within the racecourse grounds . The family , including Elizabeth 's mother , moved to Surrey and over the next twenty years Henry and Elizabeth had a further thirteen children . Isabella was instrumental in her siblings ' upbringing , and collectively referred to them as a " living cargo of children " . The experience gave her much insight and experience in how to manage a family and its household . 
 After a brief education at a boarding school in Islington , in 1851 Isabella was sent to school in Heidelberg , Germany , accompanied by her stepsister Jane Dorling . Isabella became proficient in the piano and excelled in French and German ; she also gained knowledge and experience in making pastry . She had returned to Epsom by the summer of 1854 and took further lessons in pastry @-@ making from a local baker . 
 
 = = = Marriage and career , 1854 – 61 = = = 
 
 Around 1854 Isabella began a relationship with Samuel Orchart Beeton . His family had lived in Milk Street at the same time as the Maysons — Samuel 's father still ran the Dolphin Tavern there — and Samuel 's sisters had also attended the same Heidelberg school as Isabella . Samuel was the first British publisher of Harriet Beecher Stowe 's Uncle Tom 's Cabin in 1852 and had also released two innovative and pioneering journals : The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine in 1852 and the Boys ' Own magazine in 1855 . The couple entered into extensive correspondence in 1855 — in which Isabella signed her letters as " Fatty " — and they announced their engagement in June 1855 . The marriage took place at St Martin 's Church , Epsom , in July the following year , and was announced in The Times . Samuel was " a discreet but firm believer in the equality of women " and their relationship , both personal and professional , was an equal partnership . The couple went to Paris for a three @-@ week honeymoon , after which Samuel 's mother joined them in a visit to Heidelberg . They returned to Britain in August , when the newlyweds moved into 2 Chandos Villas , a large Italianate house in Pinner . 
 Within a month of returning from their honeymoon Isabella was pregnant . A few weeks before the birth , Samuel persuaded his wife to contribute to The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine , a publication that the food writers Mary Aylett and Olive Ordish consider was " designed to make women content with their lot inside the home , not to interest them in the world outside " . The magazine was affordable , aimed at young middle class women and was commercially successful , selling 50 @,@ 000 issues a month by 1856 . Isabella began by translating French fiction for publication as stories or serials . Shortly afterwards she started to work on the cookery column — which had been moribund for the previous six months following the departure of the previous correspondent — and the household article . The Beetons ' son , Samuel Orchart , was born towards the end of May 1857 , but died at the end of August that year . On the death certificate , the cause of death was given as diarrhoea and cholera , although Hughes hypothesises that Samuel senior had unknowingly contracted syphilis in a premarital liaison with a prostitute , and had unwittingly passed the condition on to his wife , which would have infected his son . 
 While coping with the loss of her child , Isabella continued to work at The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine . Although she was not a regular cook , she and Samuel obtained recipes from other sources . A request to receive the readers ' own recipes led to over 2 @,@ 000 being sent in , which were selected and edited by the Beetons . Published works were also copied , largely unattributed to any of the sources . These included Eliza Acton 's Modern Cookery for Private Families , Elizabeth Raffald 's The Experienced English Housekeeper , Marie @-@ Antoine Carême 's Le Pâtissier royal parisien , Louis Eustache Ude 's The French Cook , Alexis Soyer 's The Modern Housewife or , Ménagère and The Pantropheon , Hannah Glasse 's The Art of Cookery Made Plain and Easy , Maria Eliza Rundell 's A New System of Domestic Cookery , and the works of Charles Elmé Francatelli . Suzanne Daly and Ross G. Forman , in their examination of Victorian cooking culture , consider that the plagiarism makes it " an important index of mid @-@ Victorian and middle @-@ class society " because the production of the text from its own readers ensures that it is a reflection of what was actually being cooked and eaten at the time . In copying the recipes of others , Isabella was following the recommendation given to her by Henrietta English , a family friend , who wrote that " Cookery is a Science that is only learnt by Long Experience and years of study which of course you have not had . Therefore my advice would be compile a book from receipts from a Variety of the Best Books published on Cookery and Heaven knows there is a great variety for you to choose from . " 
 The Beetons partly followed the layout of Acton 's recipes , although with a major alteration : whereas the earlier writer provided the method of cooking followed by a list of the required ingredients , the recipes in The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine listed the components before the cooking process . Isabella 's standardised layout used for the recipes also showed the approximate costs of each serving , the seasonality of the ingredients and the number of portions per dish . According to the twentieth @-@ century British cookery writer Elizabeth David , one of the strengths of Isabella 's writing was in the " clarity and details of her general instructions , her brisk comments , her no @-@ nonsense asides " . Margaret Beetham , the historian , sees that one of the strengths of the book was the " consistent principle of organisation which made its heterogeneous contents look uniform and orderly " , and brought a consistent style in presentation and layout . Whereas Daly and Forman consider such an approach as " nothing if not formulaic " , Hughes sees it as " the thing most beloved by the mid Victorians , a system " . 
 During the particularly bitter winter of 1858 – 59 Isabella prepared her own soup that she served to the poor of Pinner , " Soup for benevolent purposes " ; her sister later recalled that Isabella " was busy making [ the ] soup for the poor , and the children used to call with their cans regularly to be refilled " . The recipe would become the only entry in her Book of Household Management that was her own . After two years of miscarriages , the couple 's second son was born in June 1859 ; he was also named Samuel Orchart Beeton . Hughes sees the miscarriages as further evidence of Samuel 's syphilis . 
 As early as 1857 the Beetons had considered using the magazine columns as the basis of a book of collected recipes and homecare advice , Hughes believes , and in November 1859 they launched a series of 48 @-@ page monthly supplements with The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine . The print block for the whole series of the supplements was set from the beginning so the break between each edition was fixed at 48 pages , regardless of the text , and in several issues the text of a sentence or recipe is split between the end of one instalment and the beginning of the next . 
 The Beetons decided to revamp The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine , particularly the fashion column , which the historian Graham Nown describes as " a rather drab piece " . They travelled to Paris in March 1860 to meet Adolphe Goubaud , the publisher of the French magazine Le Moniteur de la Mode . The magazine carried a full @-@ sized dress pattern outlined on a fold @-@ out piece of paper for users to cut out and make their own dresses . The Beetons came to an agreement with Goubaud for the Frenchman to provide patterns and illustrations for their magazine . The first edition to carry the new feature appeared on 1 May , six weeks after the couple returned from Paris . For the redesigned magazine , Samuel was joined as editor by Isabella , who was described as " Editress " . As well as being co @-@ editors , the couple were also equal partners . Isabella brought an efficiency and strong business acumen to Samuel 's normally disorganised and financially wasteful approach . She joined her husband at work , travelling daily by train to the office , where her presence caused a stir among commuters , most of whom were male . In June 1860 Isabella and Samuel travelled to Killarney , Ireland , for a fortnight 's holiday , leaving their son at home with his nurse . The Beetons enjoyed the sightseeing , although on the days it rained , they stayed inside their hotel and worked on the next edition of The Englishwoman 's Domestic Magazine . Isabella was impressed with the food they were served , and wrote in her diary that the dinners were " conducted in quite the French style " . 
 In September 1861 the Beetons released a new , weekly publication called The Queen , the Ladies ' Newspaper . With the Beetons busy running their other titles , they employed Frederick Greenwood as the editor . 
 
 = = = Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management and later , 1861 – 65 = = = 
 
 The complete version of Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management , consisting of the 24 collected monthly instalments , was published on 1 October 1861 ; it became one of the major publishing events of the nineteenth century . Isabella included an extensive 26 @-@ page " Analytical Index " in the book . Although not an innovation — it had been used in The Family Friend magazine since 1855 — Hughes considers the index in the Book of Household Management to be " fabulously detailed and exhaustively cross @-@ referenced " . Of the 1 @,@ 112 pages , over 900 contained recipes . The remainder provided advice on fashion , child care , animal husbandry , poisons , the management of servants , science , religion , first aid and the importance in the use of local and seasonal produce . In its first year of publication , the book sold 60 @,@ 000 copies . It reflected Victorian values , particularly hard work , thrift and cleanliness . Christopher Clausen , in his study of the British middle classes , sees that Isabella " reflected better than anyone else , and for a larger audience , the optimistic message that mid @-@ Victorian England was filled with opportunities for those who were willing to learn how to take advantage of them " . The food writer Annette Hope thinks that " one can understand its success . If ... young ladies knew nothing of domestic arrangements , no better book than this could have been devised for them . " 
 The reviews for Book of Household Management were positive . The critic for the London Evening Standard considered that Isabella had earned herself a household reputation , remarking that she had " succeeded in producing a volume which will be , for years to come , a treasure to be made much of in every English household " . The critic for the Saturday Review wrote that " for a really valuable repertory of hints on all sorts of household matters , we recommend Mrs Beeton with few misgivings " . The anonymous reviewer for The Bradford Observer considered that " the information afforded ... appears intelligible and explicit " ; the reviewer also praised the layout of the recipes , highlighting details relating to ingredients , seasonality and the times needed . Writing in The Morning Chronicle , an anonymous commentator opined that " Mrs Beeton has omitted nothing which tends to the comfort of housekeepers , or facilitates the many little troubles and cares that fall to the lot of every wife and mother . She may safely predict that this book will in future take precedence of every other on the same subject . " For the 1906 edition of the book , The Illustrated London News 's reviewer considered the work " a formidable body of domestic doctrine " , and thought that " the book is almost of the first magnitude " . 
 Samuel 's business decisions from 1861 were unproductive and included an ill @-@ advised investment in purchasing paper — in which he lost £ 1 @,@ 000 — and a court case over unpaid bills . His hubris in business affairs brought on financial difficulties and in early 1862 the couple had moved from their comfortable Pinner house to premises over their office . The air of central London was not conducive to the health of the Beetons ' son , and he began to ail . Three days after Christmas his health worsened and he died on New Year 's Eve 1862 at the age of three ; his death certificate gave the cause as " suppressed scarlatina " and " laryngitis " . In March 1863 Isabella found that she was pregnant again , and in April the couple moved to a house in Greenhithe , Kent ; their son , who they named Orchart , was born on New Year 's Eve 1863 . Although the couple had been through financial problems , they enjoyed relative prosperity during 1863 , boosted by the sale of The Queen to Edward Cox in the middle of the year . 
 In the middle of 1864 the Beetons again visited the Goubauds in Paris — the couple 's third visit to the city — and Isabella was pregnant during the visit , just as she had been the previous year . On her return to Britain she began working on an abridged version of the Book of Household Management , which was to be titled The Dictionary of Every @-@ Day Cookery . On 29 January 1865 , while working on the proofs of the dictionary , she went into labour ; the baby — Mayson Moss — was born that day . Isabella began to feel feverish the following day and died of puerperal fever on 6 February at the age of 28 . 
 Isabella was buried at West Norwood Cemetery on 11 February . When The Dictionary of Every @-@ Day Cookery was published in the same year , Samuel added a tribute to his wife at the end : 
 Her works speak for themselves ; and , although taken from this world in the very height and strength , and in the early days of womanhood , she felt satisfaction — so great to all who strive with good intent and warm will — of knowing herself regarded with respect and gratitude . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 In May 1866 , following a severe downturn in his financial fortunes , Samuel sold the rights to the Book of Household Management to Ward , Lock and Tyler ( later Ward Lock & Co ) . The writer Nancy Spain , in her biography of Isabella , reports that , given the money the company made from the Beetons ' work , " surely no man ever made a worse or more impractical bargain " than Samuel did . In subsequent publications Ward Lock suppressed the details of the lives of the Beetons — especially the death of Isabella — in order to protect their investment by letting readers think she was still alive and creating recipes — what Hughes considers to be " intentional censorship " . Those later editions continued to make the connection to Isabella in what Beetham considers to be a " fairly ruthless marketing policy which was begun by Beeton but carried on vigorously by Ward , Lock , and Tyler " . Those subsequent volumes bearing Isabella 's name became less reflective of the original . Since its initial publication the Book of Household Management has been issued in numerous hardback and paperback editions , translated into several languages and has never been out of print . 
 Isabella and her main work have been subjected to criticism over the course of the twentieth century . Elizabeth David complains of recipes that are " sometimes slapdash and misleading " , although she acknowledges that Prosper Montagné 's Larousse Gastronomique also contains errors . The television cook Delia Smith admits she was puzzled " how on earth Mrs Beeton 's book managed to utterly eclipse ... [ Acton 's ] superior work " , while her fellow chef , Clarissa Dickson Wright , opines that " It would be unfair to blame any one person or one book for the decline of English cookery , but Isabella Beeton and her ubiquitous book do have a lot to answer for . " In comparison , the food writer Bee Wilson opines that disparaging Isabella 's work was only a " fashionable " stance to take and that the cook 's writing " simply makes you want to cook " . Christopher Driver , the journalist and food critic , suggests that the " relative stagnation and want of refinement in the indigenous cooking of Britain between 1880 and 1930 " may instead be explained by the " progressive debasement under successive editors , revises and enlargers " . David comments that " when plain English cooks " were active in their kitchens , " they followed plain English recipes and chiefly those from the Mrs Beeton books or their derivatives " . Dickson Wright considers Beeton to be a " fascinating source of information " from a social history viewpoint , and Aylett and Ordish consider the work to be " the best and most reliable guide for the scholar to the domestic history of the mid @-@ Victorian era " . 
 Despite the criticism , Clausen observes that " ' Mrs. Beeton ' has ... been for over a century the standard English cookbook , frequently outselling every other book but the Bible " . According to the Oxford English Dictionary , the term Mrs Beeton became used as a generic name for " an authority on cooking and domestic subjects " as early as 1891 , and Beetham opines that " ' Mrs. Beeton ' became a trade mark , a brand name " . In a review by Gavin Koh published in a 2009 issue of The BMJ , Mrs Beeton 's Book of Household Management was labelled a medical classic . In Isabella 's " attempt to educate the average reader about common medical complaints and their management " , Koh argues , " she preceded the family health guides of today " . Robin Wensley , a professor of strategic management , believes that Isabella 's advice and guidance on household management can also be applied to business management , and her lessons on the subject have stood the test of time better than some of her advice on cooking or etiquette . 
 Following the radio broadcast of Meet Mrs. Beeton , a 1934 comedy in which Samuel was portrayed in an unflattering light , and Mrs Beeton , a 1937 documentary , Mayston Beeton worked with H. Montgomery Hyde to produce the biography Mr and Mrs Beeton , although completion and publication were delayed until 1951 . In the meantime Nancy Spain published Mrs Beeton and her Husband in 1948 , updated and retitled in 1956 to The Beeton Story . In the new edition Spain hinted at , but did not elucidate upon , on the possibility that Samuel contracted syphilis . Several other biographies followed , including from the historian Sarah Freeman , who wrote Isabella and Sam in 1977 ; Nown 's Mrs Beeton : 150 Years of Cookery and Household Management , published on the 150th anniversary of Isabella 's birthday , and Hughes 's The Short Life and Long Times of Mrs Beeton , published in 2006 . Isabella was ignored by the Dictionary of National Biography for many years : while Acton was included in the first published volume of 1885 , Isabella did not have an entry until 1993 . 
 There have been several television broadcasts about Isabella . In 1970 Margaret Tyzack portrayed her in a solo performance written by Rosemary Hill , in 2006 Anna Madeley played Isabella in a docudrama , and Sophie Dahl presented a documentary , The Marvellous Mrs Beeton , in the same year . 
 The literary historian Kate Thomas sees Isabella as " a powerful force in the making of middle @-@ class Victorian domesticity " , while the Oxford University Press , advertising an abridged edition of the Book of Household Management , considers Isabella 's work a " founding text " and " a force in shaping " the middle @-@ class identity of the Victorian era . Within that identity , the historian Sarah Richardson sees that one of Beeton 's achievements was the integration of different threads of domestic science into one volume , which " elevat [ ed ] the middle @-@ class female housekeeper 's role ... placing it in a broader and more public context " . Nown quotes an unnamed academic who thought that " Mrs Beetonism has preserved the family as a social unit , and made social reforms a possibility " , while Nicola Humble , in her history of British food , sees The Book of Household Management as " an engine for social change " which led to a " new cult of domesticity that was to play such a major role in mid @-@ Victorian life " . Nown considers Isabella 
 ... a singular and remarkable woman , praised in her lifetime and later forgotten and ignored when a pride in light pastry ... were no longer considered prerequisites for womanhood . Yet in her lively , progressive way , she helped many women to overcome the loneliness of marriage and gave the family the importance it deserved . In the climate of her time she was brave , strong @-@ minded and a tireless champion of her sisters everywhere . 
 
 
 = Martin Keamy = 
 
 First Sergeant Martin Christopher Keamy is a fictional character played by Kevin Durand in the fourth season and sixth season of the American ABC television series Lost . Keamy is introduced in the fifth episode of the fourth season as a crew member aboard the freighter called the Kahana that is offshore the island where most of Lost takes place . In the second half of the season , Keamy served as the primary antagonist . He is the leader of a mercenary team hired by billionaire Charles Widmore ( played by Alan Dale ) that is sent to the island on a mission to capture Widmore 's enemy Ben Linus ( Michael Emerson ) from his home , then torch the island . 
 Unlike Lost 's ensemble of characters who , according to the writers , each have good and bad intentions , the writers have said that Keamy is evil and knows it . Durand was contacted for the role after one of Lost 's show runners saw him in the 2007 film 3 : 10 to Yuma . Like other Lost actors , Durand was not informed of his character 's arc when he won the role . Throughout Durand 's nine @-@ episode stint as a guest star in the fourth season , little was revealed regarding Keamy 's life prior to his arrival on the island and Durand cited this as a reason why the audience " loved to hate " his villainous character . Critics praised the writers for breaking Lost tradition and creating a seemingly heartless character , while Durand 's performance and appearance were also reviewed positively . Keamy returned in the final season for a tenth and eleventh appearance . 
 
 = = Arc = = 
 
 Originally from Las Vegas , Nevada , Martin Keamy was a First Sergeant of the United States Marine Corps , serving with distinction from 1996 to 2001 . In the three years before the events of Lost in 2004 , he worked with various mercenary organizations in Uganda . In fall 2004 , Keamy is hired by Widmore to lead a mercenary team to the island via freighter then helicopter and extract Ben for a large sum of money . Once he captures Ben , Keamy has orders to kill everyone on the island ( including the forty @-@ plus survivors of the September 22 , 2004 crash of Oceanic Airlines Flight 815 : the protagonists of the series ) by torching it . 
 Keamy boards the freighter Kahana in Suva , Fiji sometime between December 6 and December 10 . On the night of December 25 , helicopter pilot Frank Lapidus ( Jeff Fahey ) flies Keamy and his mercenary team , which consists of Omar ( Anthony Azizi ) , Lacour , Kocol , Redfern and Mayhew , to the island . On December 27 , the team ambushes several islanders in the jungle , taking Ben 's daughter Alex Linus ( Tania Raymonde ) hostage and killing her boyfriend Karl ( Blake Bashoff ) and her mother Danielle Rousseau ( Mira Furlan ) . The team infiltrates the Barracks compound where Ben resides , blowing up the house of 815 survivor Claire Littleton ( Emilie de Ravin ) and fatally shooting three 815 survivors ( played by extras ) . Keamy attempts to negotiate for Ben 's surrender in exchange for the safe release of Alex . Believing that he is bluffing , Ben does not comply , and Keamy shoots Alex dead . Ben retaliates by summoning the island 's smoke monster , which brutally assaults the mercenaries and fatally wounds Mayhew . 
 Upon returning to the freighter , Keamy unsuccessfully attempts to kill Michael Dawson ( Harold Perrineau ) , whom he has discovered is Ben 's spy , then obtains the " secondary protocol " from a safe . The protocol contains instructions from Widmore for finding Ben if he finds out Keamy 's intention to torch the island , which he apparently had . The protocol contains details about a 1980s research station called the " Orchid " that was previously run by a group of scientists working for the Dharma Initiative . Keamy is also informed by Captain Gault that Keamy and his mercenary squad may be suffering from some sort of mental sickness , a notion Keamy dismisses . Later in the day , Omar straps a dead man 's switch to Keamy , rigged to detonate C4 on the freighter if Keamy 's heart stops beating . That night , Frank refuses to fly the mercenaries to the island . In a display of power , Keamy slits the throat of the ship 's doctor Ray ( Marc Vann ) and throws him overboard and later outdraws and shoots Captain Gault ( Grant Bowler ) during a tense standoff . Frank flies the remaining five mercenaries back to the island . On December 30 , the team apprehends Ben at the Orchid and takes him to the chopper where they are ambushed and killed by Ben 's people — referred to as the " Others " by the 815 survivors — and 815 survivors Kate Austen ( Evangeline Lilly ) and Sayid Jarrah ( Naveen Andrews ) . After a chase to recapture Ben and a brawl with Sayid , Keamy is shot in the back by Richard Alpert ( Nestor Carbonell ) , who leaves him for dead , unaware of Keamy 's bulletproof vest . Later , Keamy descends into the Orchid 's underground level via its elevator to stalk Ben , who hides in the shadows . Goading Ben with taunts about his daughter 's death , Keamy is ambushed by Ben , who beats him into submission with an expandable baton before stabbing him repeatedly in the neck . Though Locke attempts to save his life for the sake of the freighter , Keamy dies and the dead man 's trigger detonates the explosives on the freighter , killing nearly everyone aboard . 
 In the afterlife , Keamy is a business associate of Mr. Paik , Sun ’ s ( Yunjin Kim ) father . Mr. Paik sends Jin ( Daniel Dae Kim ) to LA to give Keamy a watch and $ 25 @,@ 000 , intended to be Keamy 's reward for killing Jin . However , the money is confiscated at customs in LAX , and Keamy is disappointed to discover it missing . He takes Jin to a restaurant and has him tied up in a freezer . Shortly after , Omar , one of Keamy 's henchmen , captures Sayid and brings him to the same restaurant . Keamy explains to Sayid that his brother has been shot because he borrowed money and failed to pay it back . After Keamy threatens Sayid 's family , Sayid retaliates and shoots Keamy in the chest , presumably killing him . 
 
 = = Personality = = 
 
 During the casting process , Keamy was described as a military type in his late @-@ twenties who does not question orders . Chris Carabott of IGN wrote that " in a show that features characters fraught with uncertainty , Keamy is the polar opposite and his Marine mentality definitely sets him apart . His team has a physical advantage and with the help of Mr. Widmore , they have a tactical advantage as well . Keamy is like a bulldog being thrown into a cage full of kittens ( except for [ Iraqi military torturer ] Sayid ) " . Jay Glatfelter of The Huffington Post , stated that " Keamy is Crazy ! … out of all the bad guys on the Island — past , present , and future — Keamy has to be one of the most dangerous ones . Not because of how big he is , or the weaponry , but his willingness to kill at the drop of a hat . That doesn 't bode well for our Losties [ protagonists ] . " Co @-@ show runner / executive producer / writer Carlton Cuse has stated that he and the other writers create " complex " characters because they " are interested in exploring how good and evil can be embodied in the same characters and [ the writers are also intrigued ] the struggles we all have [ , ] to overcome the dark parts of our souls " ; however , he later clarified that there is an exception : " Keamy 's bad , he knows he 's bad , but he 's ... a guy that does the job . " Damon Lindelof stated that " the great thing about Keamy is that he is like a ... merciless survivor . [ There ] ' s this great moment [ in the season finale ] where he just sort of hackie @-@ sacks [ a grenade thrown at him ] over to where [ his ally ] Omar is standing . Omar is certainly an acceptable casualty as far as Keamy is concerned . " According to a featurette in the Lost : The Complete Fourth Season – The Expanded Experience DVD set , Keamy likes " heavy weaponry " and " physical fitness " and dislikes " negotiations " and " doctors " . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 A remake of the 1957 film 3 : 10 to Yuma opened in theaters on September 7 , 2007 . Lost 's co @-@ show runner / executive producer / head writer / co @-@ creator Damon Lindelof enjoyed Kevin Durand 's supporting performance as Tucker and checked to see if he was available for a role on Lost . The casting director had Durand read a page of dialogue for the new character Keamy ; Durand was offered the role in early October and he traveled to Honolulu in Hawaii — where Lost is filmed on location — by October 17 , 2007 . A former stand @-@ up comic and rapper from Thunder Bay , Ontario , Canada , with the stage name " Kevy D " , Durand had seen only around six episodes of Lost by the time that he won the part . When he was shooting , he was confused by the story , later stating " I didn 't want to know anything or be attached to anybody . I 'm glad I didn 't . But now that I 'm on it , I 'll watch all of it . " Durand revealed his appreciation for the cast , crew and scripts and the fact that he had the chance to act as someone with a similar physical appearance to himself , as he had previously done roles that had not prompted recognition from viewers on the street . 
 Durand was never informed of his character 's arc and only learned more of Keamy 's importance to the plot as he received new scripts ; thus , he was thrilled when the role was expanded for his third appearance , in " The Shape of Things to Come " , when he kills Alex and Durand compared his excitement to that of " a kid in a candy store . " He also stated that " you really don 't know what 's going to happen in the next episode and you get the scripts pretty late , so it is pretty secretive and it 's kind of exciting that way [ because ] you 're really forced to get in the moment and say the words and play the guy " . Durand was initially met with negative reaction from fans on the street for this action and he defended his murderous character by arguing that it was actually more Ben 's fault for failing to negotiate with Keamy ; later , fans warmed up to Keamy . Despite the antagonist 's increasing popularity and fanbase , it became apparent to Durand that fans were hoping for Keamy 's death in what promised to be a showdown in the season finale . Throughout his nine @-@ episode run , Keamy never receives an episode in which his backstory is developed through flashbacks and Durand holds this partially responsible for the negative reaction to his character , saying that the audience " [ has not ] really seen anything outside of Keamy 's mission , so I think they definitely want him put down . " Following the season 's conclusion , Durand stated that he would not be surprised if his character returned in the fifth season and concluding that " Lost was really fun . If I can have that experience in any genre , I 'd take it . " 
 Durand returned for the sixth season episodes " Sundown " and " The Package " , following a twenty @-@ two episode absence since his character 's death in the fourth season finale . Keamy appears in the " flash sideways " parallel timeline in September 2004 working for Sun Kwon 's father Mr. Paik to assassinate her new husband Jin Kwon ( Daniel Dae Kim ) upon the couple 's arrival in Los Angeles . Keamy and his sidekick Omar are also extorting money from Sayid 's brother Omer , prompting Sayid to shoot them both , aiding Jin 's rescue process . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Professional television critics deemed Martin Keamy a welcome addition to the cast . Jeff Jensen of Entertainment Weekly commented that Kevin Durand " is emerging as a real find this season ; he plays that mercenary part with a scene @-@ stealing mix of menace and damaged vulnerability . " After Jensen posted what he thought were the fifteen best moments of the season , the New York Post 's Jarett Wieselman " ha [ d ] to complain about one glaring omission from EW 's list : Martin Keamy . I have loved this character all season long — and not just solely for [ his ] physical attributes ... although those certainly don 't hurt . " Alan Sepinwall of The Star @-@ Ledger reflected , " He was only on the show for a season and not featured all that much in that season , but Kevin Durand always made an impression as Keamy . Lots of actors might have his sheer physical size , but there 's a sense of danger ( insanity ? ) that you can 't build at the gym , you know ? " IGN 's Chris Carabott wrote that " Keamy is one of the more striking new additions to Lost [ in the fourth ] season ... and is a welcome addition to the Lost universe . " Maureen Ryan of The Chicago Tribune stated that Keamy has " so much charisma " and she would " rather find out more about [ him ] than most of the old @-@ school Lost characters " . TV Guide 's Bruce Fretts agreed with a reader 's reaction to Durand 's " chilling portrayal " of Keamy and posted it in his weekly column . The reader , nicknamed " huntress " , wrote " love him or hate him , nobody is neutral when it comes to Keamy , which is the hallmark of a well @-@ played villain . Even the camera seems to linger on Durand , who conveys malice with just a look or tilt of his head . This role should give Durand 's career a well @-@ deserved boost " . Following his demise , Whitney Matheson of USA Today noted that " it seems Keamy , Lost 's camouflaged baddie , is turning into a bit of a cult figure . " A " hilarious " blog containing Keamy digitally edited into various photographs , posters and art titled " Keamy 's Paradise " was set up in early June 2008 . TV Squad 's Bob Sassone thought that the blog was " a great idea " and " funny " and he called Keamy " the Boba Fett of Lost " . In 2009 , Kevin Durand was nominated for a Saturn Award for Best Guest Starring Role in a Television Series . 
 Reaction to the antagonist 's death was mixed . Kristin Dos Santos of E ! criticized the writing for Keamy when he futilely asks Sayid where his fellow 815 survivors are so that he can kill them , but enjoyed his attractive physique , writing that " that guy is deep @-@ fried evil , and he must die horribly for what he did to Alex , but in the meantime , well , he 's certainly a well @-@ muscled young man " . The Huffington Post 's Jay Glatfelter also called for Keamy 's death , stating that " nothing would be better to me than him getting run over by Hurley 's Dharma Bus " , alluding to a scene in the third season finale . Dan Compora of SyFy Portal commented that " Keamy took a bit too long to die . Yes , he was wearing a bulletproof vest so it wasn 't totally unexpected , but it was a bit predictable . " In a review of the season finale , Erin Martell of AOL 's TV Squad declared her disappointment in the conclusion of Keamy 's arc , stating that " it 's always a shame when the hot guys die , [ especially when ] Kevin Durand did an amazing job with the character … he 'll be missed . " In a later article titled " Lost Season Four Highlights " , Martell noted Durand 's " strong performance " that was " particularly fun to watch " and wrote that " we [ the audience ] all know that Widmore 's the big bad , but Keamy became the face of evil on the island in his stead . " 
 
 
 = Kaboom ( Parks and Recreation ) = 
 
 " Kaboom " is the sixth episode of the second season of Parks and Recreation , and the twelfth overall episode of the series . It originally aired on NBC in the United States on October 22 , 2009 . In the episode , Leslie tries to have the pit filled in and injures Andy in the process , opening Pawnee up to a possible lawsuit . 
 The episode was written by Aisha Muharrar and directed by Charles McDougall , and featured guest performances by comedians Paul Scheer and H. Jon Benjamin . " Kaboom " saw the filling in of the Pawnee pit , a focal plot device in Parks and Recreation since the first episode . As part of a multi @-@ network television campaign to spotlight volunteerism , the episode prominently featured the real @-@ life organization KaBOOM ! , a charity that builds playgrounds in locations all over the United States . 
 According to Nielsen Media Research , the episode was seen by 4 @.@ 98 million household viewers , an improvement over the previous week . " Kaboom " received generally positive reviews , with several commentators praising the series for resolving the long @-@ standing pit subplot . 
 It is the only episode of the entire series in which Aubrey Plaza does not appear as April Ludgate . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 The episode opens with Leslie ( Amy Poehler ) receiving a speakerphone call about abnormal transactions on her credit card . The purchases turn out to all be legitimate , but Leslie cancels the card anyway out of embarrassment when Tom ( Aziz Ansari ) hears about her unusual purchases , including a " bucket of cake " , a man pillow in the shape of Daniel Craig , and tuition to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry . Later , the parks department and Ann ( Rashida Jones ) visit neighboring Indiana town Eagleton to help build a playground in a single day , as part of an event by the charity KaBOOM ! There , Leslie and Ann find Ann 's ex @-@ boyfriend Andy ( Chris Pratt ) , who claims to be volunteering , but in reality , is coming for the free food . He tells Leslie and Ann that he now has a home with the drummer of his band . Leslie is inspired by the energy of the group and its leader Keef ( Paul Scheer ) , which prompts her to take proactive measures in filling in the pit in Pawnee and turning it into a park . While discussing the matter with her parks department , Mark ( Paul Schneider ) takes her aside and suggests she simply fill it in without permission . Leslie decides to take his advice and rents a bulldozer to fill in the pit . 
 Leslie meets Ann at the pit with the rented bulldozer , which starts filling it in with dirt . However , they failed to realize Andy was inside his tent in the pit , and he is injured when mounds of dirt fall on him . He is taken to the hospital , where Ann is assigned as his nurse . An angry Ron ( Nick Offerman ) tells Leslie the town is now open to a large potential lawsuit from Andy , and he sends her to visit him along with their city attorney Scott ( H. Jon Benjamin ) . Meanwhile , Andy is excited to be near Ann and insists it will lead to them getting back together , but Ann tells him she is very happy dating Mark , who unlike Andy has a job , apartment and future . A disheartened Andy decides he has to get money to impress Ann . When Leslie visits , he regretfully tells her he and his attorney Wendell Adams ( Chris Tallman ) are going to sue Pawnee . 
 Leslie is convinced she can reason with Andy if they can talk without their lawyers , but Andy will not return her calls . Finally , Ann calls Andy and asks him to come to her house . Later that day , he arrives completely naked , having assumed Ann wanted to take him back . A disgusted Ann leaves the house , leaving Leslie and Andy to talk . Andy admits he is suing the town in an attempt to win Ann back , and she thinks of a different way he can impress her . The next day at city hall , Andy tells Leslie and Scott he will drop the lawsuit if they agree to fill in the pit right away . Scott agrees , unaware it was a trick between Andy and Leslie . The next day the pit is filled in and turned into a lot , and an impressed Ann waves at Andy while the construction work is going on . The episode ends with Keef riding a motorboat , revealing his role in KaBOOM ! was an elaborate prank to get the playground built , and announcing he is going to build a hospital in a poor part of China . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " Kaboom " was written by Aisha Muharrar and directed by Charles McDougall . The Pawnee pit , which has been a focal plot device in Parks and Recreation since the first episode , is filled in during this episode . " Kaboom " features actor and comedian Paul Scheer in a guest appearance as the KaBOOM ! organizer . Scheer has previously worked with Aziz Ansari on the MTV sketch comedy show , Human Giant . " Kaboom " also featured H. Jon Benjamin , a voice actor from Archer , Dr. Katz , and Home Movies , as Pawnee 's lawyer . Chris Pratt actually appeared naked during filming of a scene in which he arrived at Ann 's house without clothes on . Michael Schur , co @-@ creator of Parks and Recreation , said the scene was written because Pratt " loves taking his clothes off " . 
 The script prominently features KaBOOM ! , a real @-@ life charitable organization that builds playgrounds in locations all over the United States . Parks and Recreation included the charity in the episode as part of a charity campaign called " I Participate " , sponsored by the Entertainment Industry Foundation . The campaign involves more than 60 shows on NBC ABC , CBS , Fox and several other networks , all of which spotlighted real @-@ life charities in an effort to encourage volunteerism . Greg Daniels , the series executive producer and co @-@ creator , was responsible for choosing the KaBOOM ! charity . In an editorial featured on The Huffington Post after the " Kaboom " aired , KaBOOM ! chief executive officer Darell Hammond called the episode " Ka @-@ PERFECT ! " and said , " The writers certainly captured the spirit that fuels each of our ( playground ) builds – something that inspires volunteers to continue their great work and strive even harder to give back to their communities . " 
 Within a week of the episode 's original broadcast , two deleted scenes from " Kaboom " were made available on the official Parks and Recreation website . The first two @-@ minute clip included extended scenes of the KABOOM ! park construction , including Tom text messaging instead of working , Leslie and Ann competing with children , and Paul Scheer doing the Worm dance move . Leslie also seeks advice from her mother ( played by Pamela Reed ) after putting Pawnee in danger of a lawsuit . In the second , 15 @-@ second clip , Ann complains to Mark about Andy appearing naked at her apartment , which Mark only finds amusing . 
 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 
 Andy says he volunteers at several organizations in order to get their free food at their events . He specifically identifies the Red Cross , which he says has " amazing cookies " , and Meals on Wheels , which he described as a " bonanza " . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 In its original American broadcast on October 22 , 2009 , " Kaboom " was seen by 4 @.@ 98 million household viewers , according to Nielsen Media Research . It was a slight increase from the previous week 's episode , " Sister City " . " Kaboom " received a 2 @.@ 1 rating / 6 share among viewers aged between 18 and 49 . The episode received generally positive reviews . Steve Heisler of The A.V. Club said " Kaboom " was the best episode of the second season , and called Parks and Recreation " one of the funniest shows on TV right now " . Heisler praised the show for not shying away from outrageousness , and called Andy 's naked entrance " by far the highlight of the series " . Entertainment Weekly writer Henning Fog said " Kaboom " continued a trend of superior Parks episodes in season two , and praised the episode for filling in the pit , claiming it " both tied up a plot thread that had overstayed its welcome and put to rest any lingering ghosts from the first six episodes " . Matt Fowler of IGN said the episode was funny and served as good character development for Leslie and Andy . But Fowler also said " some scenes fell flat " , and questioned why Ann would continue to harbor feelings for the immature Andy . 
 
 
 = Middle Colonies = 
 
 The Middle Colonies comprised the middle region of the Thirteen Colonies of the British Empire in North America . Much of the area was part of the New Netherland until the British exerted their control over the region . The English captured much of the area in its war with the Dutch around 1664 , and the majority of the conquered land became the Province of New York . The Duke of York and the King of England would later grant others ownership of the land which would become the Province of New Jersey and the Province of Pennsylvania . The Delaware Colony later separated from Pennsylvania , which was founded by William Penn . 
 The Middle Colonies had lots of rich soil , which was allowing the area to become a major exporter of wheat and other grains . The lumber and shipbuilding industries enjoyed success in the Middle Colonies because of the abundant forests , and Pennsylvania saw moderate success in the textile and iron industry . The Middle Colonies were the most ethnically and religiously diverse British colonies in North America , they had settlers coming from all parts of Europe . Civil unrest in Europe and other colonies saw an influx of immigrants to the Middle Colonies in the 18th century . With the new arrivals came various religions which were protected in the Middle Colonies by written freedom of religion laws . This tolerance was very unusual and distinct from other British colonies . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Middle Colonies were explored by Henry Hudson on a journey into the Hudson River and Delaware Bay in 1609 . The Dutch soon claimed the land . Although the Swedes and the Dutch fought over the land in the 1630s through the ultimately the Dutch claimed the land , calling it New Netherland . In the 1660s , the English largely conquered this land from the Dutch , renaming the area New York after the Duke of York , James II . The colony 's land was periodically granted to various proprietors and split into the Province of New York and the Province of Pennsylvania . 
 
 = = Province of New Jersey = = 
 
 King Charles II renamed the land west of the Hudson River New Jersey and gave the region between New England and Maryland to his brother , the Duke of York ( later King James II of England ) as a proprietary colony . James II later granted the land between the Hudson River and the Delaware River to two friends who had been loyal to him through the English Civil War : Sir George Carteret and Lord Berkeley of Stratton . This land grant became the Province of New Jersey . 
 In 1665 , the Concession and Agreement was written in an effort to entice settlers to New Jersey . This document provided for religious freedom , no taxes without assembly approval , and a governor appointed by the proprietors . The first governor appointed in this way was Philip Carteret , who founded Elizabethtown . Colonists were required to pay annual quit @-@ rent taxes . On March 18 , 1674 , after encountering difficulty collecting the taxes , Lord Berkeley sold his share in the colony to Edward Byllynge , a Quaker businessman from London . This sale divided New Jersey into East Jersey and West Jersey ; however , the border between the two was not agreed upon until the Quintipartite Deed in 1676 . From 1701 to 1765 , colonists skirmished in the New York @-@ New Jersey Line War over disputed colonial boundaries . 
 On April 15 , 1702 , Queen Anne united West and East Jersey into one Royal Colony , the Province of New Jersey . Edward Hyde , 3rd Earl of Clarendon became the royal colony 's first governor . After Hyde was recalled to England in 1708 over charges of graft , bribery , and corruption , the governor of New York was charged to also preside over New Jersey . Finally , in 1738 , King George II appointed a separate governor , Lewis Morris , to run New Jersey . 
 The Provincial Congress of New Jersey , made up of elected delegates , formed in January 1776 to govern the colony . The Congress had Royal Governor William Franklin arrested on June 15 , declaring him " an enemy to the liberties of this country " . On July 2 , 1776 , New Jersey enacted the New Jersey State Constitution , soon after having empowered delegates to the Continental Congress , on June 21 , to join in a declaration of independence . The United States Declaration of Independence ended their colonial status . 
 
 = = Province of Pennsylvania = = 
 
 King Charles II granted the land for the Pennsylvania Colony to William Penn on March 4 , 1681 as payment for a debt the crown owed his family . Penn wrote the Frame of Government of Pennsylvania before departing for the colony , which called for religious tolerance towards many groups , including the Religious Society of Friends and local natives . As a proprietary colony , Penn governed Pennsylvania , yet its citizens were still subject to the English crown and laws . Penn 's cousin William Markham served as the first colonial deputy governor . 
 Demarcated by the 42nd parallel north and 39th parallel north , Pennsylvania was bordered by the Delaware River and the colonies of New York , Maryland , and New Jersey . In 1704 , Dutch land given to Penn by the Duke of York was separated and once again became part of the Delaware Colony . From 1692 to 1694 , revolution in England deprived Penn of the governance of his colony . The Pennsylvania Assembly took this opportunity to request expanded power for elected officials , led by David Lloyd . Upon visiting the colony in 1669 and 1701 , Penn eventually agreed to allow their Charter of Privileges to be added to the constitution . When the British banned western expansion in 1764 , fighting among colonists and against the natives swelled . In 1773 , Arthur St. Clair ordered the arrest of a Virginian officer who was commanding troops against armed settlers loyal to Pennsylvania . Pennsylvanian revolutionary sentiment continued to grow , and Philadelphia , the largest city in America , soon became the meeting place of the Continental Congress . The publication of the Pennsylvania Constitution of 1776 by locally elected revolutionaries concluded the history of the Colony , and began the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania . 
 
 = = Province of New York = = 
 
 The first Dutch settlements in the New York area appeared around 1613 . The English captured the New Netherland Colony from the Dutch in 1664 , renaming it the Province of New York after the King 's brother , the Duke of York ( later King James II ) . The Dutch recaptured the colony in July 1673 during the Third Anglo @-@ Dutch War , but gave it back to the English under the Treaty of Westminster in exchange for Suriname . The Duke of York never governed the colony himself : he instead appointed governors , councils , and other officers to run the government . Richard Nicolls served as the first governor of New York . 
 In 1665 , the Province of New Jersey split from New York ; however , the New York @-@ New Jersey Line War continued until the final borders were decided in 1769 , and approved by the legislatures and the King in 1772 and 1773 respectively . A Colonial Assembly convened in October 1683 , making New York the last colony to have an assembly . A constitution was drafted and passed on October 30 , 1683 , giving the colonists many rights , including the rights to taxation without representation . However , upon learning of the constitution , James II declared it void . 
 When the Duke of York became King James II of England , New York became a royal province . In May 1688 the province briefly became part of the Dominion of New England . When James II was overthrown , the citizens of New York rebelled against the Royal Governor in Leisler 's Rebellion . When Henry Sloughter became governor in March 1691 , the rebellion was crushed and its leader , Jacob Leisler was arrested , tried , and executed for treason . New York 's charter and constitution were reinstated soon after . In April 1775 , American patriots formed the New York Provincial Congress to replace the assembly . Governor William Tryon and all royal officials were forced from the colony on October 19 , 1775 . Colonial status ended for the new state with the United States Declaration of Independence in July 1776 . 
 
 = = Delaware Colony = = 
 
 Delaware changed hands between the Dutch and Swedes between 1631 and 1655 . The Dutch maintained control of Delaware until 1664 , when Sir Robert Carr took New Amstel for the Duke of York , renaming it New Castle . A Deputy of the Duke governed Delaware from 1664 to 1682 . When William Penn received his land grant of Pennsylvania in 1681 , he received the Delaware area from the Duke of York , and dubbed them " The Three Lower Counties on the Delaware River " . In 1701 , after he had troubles governing the ethnically diverse Delaware territory , Penn agreed to allow them a separate colonial assembly . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 The partly unglaciated Middle Colonies enjoyed fertile soil vastly different from the nearby New England Colonies , which contained more rocky soil . Because of the large grain exports resulting from this soil , the colonies came to be known as the Bread Basket Colonies . Pennsylvania became a leading exporter of wheat , corn , rye , hemp , and flax , making it the leading food producer in the colonies , and later states , between the years of 1725 and 1840 . Broad navigable rivers of relaxed current like the Susquehanna River , the Delaware River , and the Hudson River attracted diverse business . Fur trappers moved along these rivers , and there was enough flow to enable milling with water wheel power . 
 
 = = Industry = = 
 
 Abundant forests attracted both the lumbering and shipbuilding industries to the Middle Colonies . These industries , along with the presence of deep river estuaries , led to the appearance of important ports like New York and Philadelphia . While the Middle Colonies had far more industry than the Southern Colonies , it still did not rival the industry of New England . In Pennsylvania , sawmills and gristmills were abundant , and the textile industry grew quickly . The colony also became a major producer of pig iron and its products , including the Pennsylvania long rifle and the Conestoga wagon . Other important industries included printing , publishing , and the related industry of papermaking . 
 
 = = Politics = = 
 
 The Middle Colonies political groups began as small groups with narrowly focused goals . These coalitions eventually grew into diverse and large political organizations , evolving especially during the French and Indian War . 
 The Middle Colonies were generally run by Royal or Proprietary Governors and elected Colonial Assemblies . Many Middle Colony constitutions guaranteed freedom of religion and forbade taxation without representation . Royal governors were arrested or overthrown on more than one occasion , most notably when New Jersey arrested its governor and during Leisler 's Rebellion in New York . Growing unrest in the Middle Colonies eventually led the region to become the meeting place for the Continental Congress , and a center for revolution . However , there were numerous pockets of neutrals and Loyalists . 
 
 = = Demographics = = 
 
 The Middle Colonies tended to mix aspects of the New England and Southern Colonies . Landholdings were generally farms of 40 to 160 acres ( 16 – 65 hectares ) , owned by the family that worked it . In New York 's Hudson Valley , however , the Dutch patroons operated very large landed estates and rented land to tenant farmers . 
 Ethnically , the Middle Colonies were more diverse than the other British colonial regions in North America and tended to be more socially tolerant . For example , in New York , any foreigner professing Christianity was awarded citizenship , leading to a more diverse populace . As a consequence , early German settlements in the Americas concentrated in the Middle Colonies region . Indentured servitude was especially common in Pennsylvania , New Jersey , and New York in the eighteenth century , though fewer worked in agriculture . 
 German immigrants favored the Middle Colonies . German immigration greatly increased around 1717 , and many immigrants began coming from the Rhineland . They were erroneously labeled the Pennsylvania Dutch ( the German word for German is " Deutsch " ) , and comprised one @-@ third of the population by the time of the American Revolution . The industry and farming skills they brought with them helped solidify the Middle Colonies ' prosperity . They were noted for tight @-@ knit religious communities , mostly Lutheran but also including many smaller sects such as the Moravians , Mennonites and Amish 
 The Scotch @-@ Irish began immigrating to the Middle Colonies in waves after 1717 . They primarily pushed farther into the western frontier of the colonies , where they repeatedly confronted the Indians . Other groups included the French Huguenots , Welsh , Dutch , Swedes , Swiss , and Scots Highlanders . 
 
 = = = English colonists = = = 
 
 When the English took direct control of the Middle Colonies around 1664 , many Quakers from Rhode Island had already been pushed into the region by Puritans , while Episcopalian businessmen settled in Philadelphia and New York City . 
 Welsh Quakers , Baptists and Methodists settled in the Welsh Tract of Pennsylvania . While some Welsh colonists like Roger Williams , left to found Rhode Island , Anne Hutchinson founded a seed settlement in New York . Rhode Island was not initially counted as part of New England , having been excluded from the New England Confederation , but later joined the Dominion of New England . Thus , the definition of the Middle Colonies sometimes changed and overlapped with Rhode Island 's colonial boundaries . After joining the Dominion of New England , however , Rhode Island was permanently thought of as a New England colony . New York 's initial possession of parts of Maine ensured a close relationship with other New England colonies like Vermont and a continuing New England influence in the colony . 
 Both William Penn and the Lords Baltimore encouraged Irish Protestant immigration , hoping they could obtain indentured servants to work on their estates and on colonial developments . Often areas of the Middle Colonies displayed prevalent Irish cultural influence . 
 
 = = = Labor = = = 
 
 Labor was always in short supply . The most common solution was indentured servitude of young whites . These were teenagers in Britain or Germany whose parents arranged for them to work for families in the colonies until age 21 , in exchange for their ocean passage . The great majority became farmers or farm wives . By the mid @-@ eighteenth century , African American slaves comprised 12 % of the population of New York . Most were house servants in Manhattan , or farmworkers on Dutch estates . 
 
 = = = Religion = = = 
 
 The Middle Colonies were the religiously diverse part of the British Empire , with a high degree of tolerance . The Penn family were Quakers , and the colony became a favorite destination for that group as well as German Lutherans , German Reformed and numerous small sects such as Mennonites , Amish and Moravians , not to mention Scotch Irish Presbyterians . The Dutch Reformed were strong in upstate New York and New Jersey , and Congregationalists were important in Long Island . The First Great Awakening invigorated religiosity and helped stimulate the growth of Congregational , Methodist and Baptist churches . Non @-@ British colonists included Dutch Calvinist , Swedish Lutherans , Palatine Mennonites , and the Amish . 
 
 = = Historiography = = 
 
 Bodle , Wayne . " Themes and Directions in Middles Colonies Historiography , 1980 @-@ 1994 , " William and Mary Quarterly , July 1994 , Vol . 51 Issue 3 , pp 355 – 88 in JSTOR 
 Bodle , Wayne . " The " Myth of the Middle Colonies " Reconsidered : The Process of Regionalization in Early America , " Pennsylvania Magazine of History and Biography , Vol . 113 , No. 4 ( Oct. , 1989 ) , pp. 527 @-@ 548 in JSTOR 
 Greenberg , Douglas . " The Middle Colonies in Recent American Historiography , " William and Mary Quarterly , July 1979 , Vol . 36 Issue 3 , pp 396 – 427 in JSTOR 
 
 = Bath Assembly Rooms = 
 
 The Bath Assembly Rooms , designed by John Wood , the Younger in 1769 , are a set of elegant assembly rooms located in the heart of the World Heritage City of Bath in England which are now open to the public as a visitor attraction . They are designated as a Grade I listed building . 
 During the Georgian era Bath became fashionable . The architects John Wood , the Elder and his son John Wood , the Younger laid out new areas of housing for residents and visitors . Assembly rooms had been built early in the 18th century , but a new venue for balls , concerts and gambling was envisaged in the area between Queen Square , The Circus and the Royal Crescent . Robert Adam submitted a proposal that was rejected as too expensive . John Wood , the Younger raised funding through a Tontine and construction started in 1769 . The New or Upper Assembly Rooms opened with a grand ball in 1771 and became the hub of fashionable society , being frequented by Jane Austen and Charles Dickens , along with the nobility of the time . 
 The Bath stone building has rooms arranged in a U shape . There are four main function rooms in the complex : the 100 @-@ foot @-@ long ( 30 m ) ballroom — the largest Georgian interior in Bath ; the tea room ; the card room ; and the octagon . The rooms have Whitefriars crystal chandeliers and are decorated with fine art . In the 20th century they were used as a cinema and in 1931 were taken over by the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings and restored . They were bombed and burnt out during the Second World War , with restoration undertaken by Sir Albert Richardson before reopening in 1963 . They are now owned by the National Trust and operated by Bath and North East Somerset Council for public functions . The basement of the building provides a home to the Fashion Museum . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Several areas of Bath had undergone development during the Stuart period , and development increased during Georgian times in response to the increasing number of visitors to the spa and resort town who required accommodation . The architects John Wood , the Elder and his son John Wood , the Younger laid out the new quarters in streets and squares , the identical façades of which gave an impression of palatial scale and classical decorum . Much of the creamy gold Bath stone used for construction throughout the city was obtained from the limestone Combe Down and Bathampton Down Mines , which were owned by Ralph Allen ( 1694 – 1764 ) . 
 Much of the development at this time consisted of new residential areas away from the old city centre . Queen Square was the first speculative development by John Wood , the Elder , who lived in one of the houses . The Circus consists of three long , curved terraces designed by the elder John Wood to form a circular space or theatre intended for civic functions and games . The games give a clue to the design , the inspiration behind which was the Colosseum in Rome . The most spectacular of Bath 's terraces is the Royal Crescent , built between 1767 and 1774 and designed by the younger John Wood . Gay Street links Queen Square to The Circus . All of which were designed by John Wood , the Elder in 1735 and completed by his son John Wood , the Younger . 
 The heart of the Georgian city was Wood 's Pump Room , which , together with its associated Lower Assembly Rooms , was designed by Thomas Baldwin , a local builder responsible for many other buildings in the city , including the terraces in Argyle Street and the Guildhall , The Lower Assembly Rooms consisted of two buildings . The first built in 1708 for Thomas Harrison overlooking Parade Gardens between North Parade and Bath Abbey . A large ballroom was added in 1720 , with further enlargement in 1749 and 1810 when it became known as The Kingston Assembly Rooms . In 1728 another building , known as Lindsey 's Assembly Rooms , was constructed , lasting until demolition around 1820 for the building of York Street . Harrison 's Lower Assembly Rooms were devastated by a fire in 1821 and rebuilt , lasting until demolition in 1933 for road improvements on the site now known as " Bog Island " . 
 In around 1770 the neoclassical architect Robert Adam designed Pulteney Bridge , a three @-@ arched bridge spanning the River Avon . He used as his prototype an original , but unused , design by Andrea Palladio for the Rialto Bridge in Venice . Adam also submitted plans for the new Assembly Rooms but these were rejected as too costly . John Wood , the Younger raised funding for the construction of the Assembly Rooms by the use of a Tontine , an investment plan that is named after the Neapolitan banker Lorenzo de Tonti , who is credited with inventing it in France in 1653 . It combines features of a group annuity and a lottery . Each subscriber pays an agreed sum into the fund , and thereafter receives an annuity . As members die , their shares devolve to the other participants , and so the value of each annuity increases . On the death of the last member , the scheme is wound up . Construction started in 1769 and was completed in 1771 , when a grand opening was held . 
 The Assembly Rooms formed the hub of fashionable Georgian society in the city , the venue being described as " the most noble and elegant of any in the kingdom " . They were originally known as the Upper Rooms as there was also a lower assembly room in the city , which closed soon after the Upper Rooms opened . They served the newly built fashionable area which included The Circus , Queen Square and the Royal Crescent . 
 People would gather in the rooms in the evening for balls and other public functions , or simply to play cards . Mothers and chaperones bringing their daughters to Bath for the social season , hoping to marry them off to a suitable husband , would take their charge to such events where , very quickly , one might meet all the eligible men currently in the City . At one concert in 1779 , attended by around 800 ladies and gentlemen , 60 members of the nobility were present . During the season , which ran from October to June , at least two balls a week were held , in addition to a range of concerts and other events . Scenes such as this feature in the novels of Jane Austen , who lived in Bath with her parents and sister from 1801 to 1805 . Her two novels set in Bath , Northanger Abbey and Persuasion , were published in 1818 and both mention the Assembly Rooms : 
 Mrs Allen was so long in dressing , that they did not enter the ball @-@ room till late . The season was full , the room crowded , and the two ladies squeezed in as well as they could . As for Mr Allen , he repaired directly to the card @-@ room , and left them to enjoy a mob by themselves . 
 Sir Walter , his two daughters , and Mrs Clay , were the earliest of all their party at the rooms in the evening ; and as Lady Dalrymple must be waited for , they took their station by one of the fires in the Octagon Room . 
 Charles Dickens also visited Bath on several occasions . He gave public readings in the Assembly Rooms and mentions them in The Pickwick Papers ( published in 1837 ) : 
 In the ball @-@ room , the long card @-@ room , the octagonal card @-@ room , the staircases , and the passages , the hum of many voices , and the sound of many feet , were perfectly bewildering . Dresses rustled , feathers waved , lights shone , and jewels sparkled . There was the music — not of the quadrille band , for it had not yet commenced ; but the music of soft tiny footsteps , with now and then a clear merry laugh — low and gentle , but very pleasant to hear in a female voice , whether in Bath or elsewhere . 
 George Bridgetower , an Afro @-@ Polish @-@ born virtuoso violinist , made his debut at the Assembly Rooms in 1789 . Another young violinist , Thomas Linley the younger , played a series of concerts between 1771 and 1776 . Many of the concerts during the late 18th and early 19th centuries were organised by Venanzio Rauzzini . 
 In the 20th century several changes took place , with the Ballroom becoming a cinema , until the Society for the Protection of Ancient Buildings became the owners in 1931 . The building was restored by A Mowbray Green in 1938 , with Oliver Messel as the interior designer . During the Bath Blitz of 25 / 26 April 1942 , one of the retaliatory raids on England by the Baedeker Blitz following the RAF 's raid on Lübeck , the Assembly Rooms were bombed and burnt out inside . After the cessation of hostilities in Europe , they were restored by Sir Albert Richardson , with work being completed in 1963 . The ballroom ceiling had to be repaired after it collapsed in 1989 . 
 
 = = Architecture = = 
 
 The limestone building has a slate hipped roof . It is rectangular with a projecting doric portico entrance and an extension to the rear . The interior is laid out in a U shape , with the larger Ball Room and Tea Room along either side with the octagonal Card Room at the end . The rooms have Whitefriars crystal chandeliers and are decorated with pictures by Thomas Gainsborough , Allan Ramsay ( artist ) , Edwin Long and William Hoare . 
 The Ballroom has five chandeliers and capacity for up to 500 people . It is over 100 feet ( 30 m ) long and nearly 45 feet ( 14 m ) wide . The ceiling is 42 feet ( 13 m ) high . The Tea Room holds up to 250 people . It was the location for a banquet attended by The Prince of Wales for the BBC television series the Great British Menu . It is 60 feet ( 18 m ) long and 42 feet ( 13 m ) wide . The Octagon is named for the shape of the room has four fireplaces . It is 42 feet ( 13 m ) across . It originally held an organ in the musicians gallery . In 1777 the Card Room was added . This is now used as a bar . 
 
 = = Current use = = 
 
 Today the rooms are owned by the National Trust and operated by Bath and North East Somerset Council . The main rooms are still available for hire for private functions . They are also used for concerts , including ones that are part of the Bath International Music Festival . 
 The basement of the building provides a home to the Fashion Museum , which was known before 2007 as the Museum of Costume . The collection was started by Doris Langley Moore , who gave her collection to the city of Bath in 1963 . It focuses on fashionable dress for men , women and children from the late 16th century to the present day and has more than 30 @,@ 000 objects . The earliest pieces are embroidered shirts and gloves from about 1600 . 
 The grandeur of the building make it a popular location for feature films and television series set in the Georgian period . The BBC have used it as a location for the filming of an adaptation of Northanger Abbey in 1986 and in 1995 Persuasion . 
 
 
 = Flash Gordon Strange Adventure Magazine = 
 
 Flash Gordon Strange Adventure Magazine was a pulp magazine which was launched in December 1936 . It was published by Harold Hersey , and was an attempt to cash in on the growing comics boom , and the popularity of the Flash Gordon comic strip in particular . The magazine contained a novel about Flash Gordon and three unrelated stories ; there were also eight full @-@ page color illustrations . The quality of both the artwork and the fiction was low , and the magazine only saw a single issue . It is now extremely rare . 
 
 = = Publication history and contents = = 
 
 Although science fiction ( sf ) had been published before the 1920s , it did not begin to coalesce into a separately marketed genre until the appearance in 1926 of Amazing Stories , a pulp magazine published by Hugo Gernsback . After 1931 , when Miracle Science and Fantasy Stories was launched , no new science fiction magazines appeared for several years . In 1934 a science fiction comic strip following the adventures of superhero Flash Gordon appeared in newspapers and quickly became popular . In 1936 the strip spawned a movie serial in thirteen parts , also titled Flash Gordon . Late that year Harold Hersey , an experienced pulp magazine editor and publisher , decided to launch three new magazines based on comics . The first two were titled Dan Dunn Detective Magazine and Tailspin Tommy Air Adventure Magazine ; these were launched in September and October 1936 respectively . The third was Flash Gordon Strange Adventures Magazine , which saw a single issue , dated December 1936 ; it was copyrighted by both Hersey and King Features , the syndicate that owned the copyright to Flash Gordon . Dan Dunn and Tailspin Tommy produced one more issue each before Hersey closed down the venture . It is not known why only one issue of Flash Gordon Strange Adventure Magazine appeared ; poor sales figures from the other magazines may have been responsible , or Hersey may simply have run out of money , or possibly King Features , the owner of the copyright to Flash Gordon , only granted rights to Hersey for one issue , and withdrew from the venture after the first issue appeared . Sf historian Everett Bleiler notes that Hersey did not mention the venture in his autobiographical Pulpwood Editor , published a year later , and adds that " given Hersey 's usual attempts to glorify himself and to gild his failures , this silence suggests a fiasco larger than usual " . 
 The magazine contained a lead novel and three short stories . The novel , The Master of Mars , by James Edison Northford ( or Northfield ; the name is spelled one way on the contents page and the other way at the head of the story ) , has been described by Bleiler as " moronic " . Bleiler also comments that of three short stories , one is dated and another third @-@ rate . Two of the stories were by R.R. Winterbotham ; one , " The Saga of the Smokepot " , was published under his own name ; the other , " The Last War " , was published under the pseudonym " R.R. Botham " . The other story , " The Man Without a Brain " , is a collaboration between R.C. Vance ( or R.C. Vane ; as with Northford , the magazine is inconsistent in spelling the name ) and F.K. Young . 
 Hersey 's idea was to have a pulp magazine about comic strip characters ; he hoped that there would be sufficient overlap between pulp readers and comics fans to make the magazine successful . The presentation was like that of a typical pulp , but with eight full page color illustrations , all by Fred Meagher , who had previously illustrated Westerns . Bleiler describes the artwork as crude and " far inferior to the sometimes elegant work " of Alex Raymond , the creator of Flash Gordon . 
 The attempt to market pulp fiction to comics fans turned out to be the wrong approach : the comics field was on the verge of dramatic successes , but the crossover appeal for pulp magazines was not there . The magazine was not widely known at the time it was issued , and has since become extremely rare . 
 
 = = Bibliographic details = = 
 
 The publisher of Flash Gordon Strange Adventure Magazine was C.J.H. Publishing Co . , based in New York . The sole issue was numbered volume 1 , number 1 ; it was in large pulp format , with 96 pages and was priced at 10 cents . Harold Hersey was the president of C.J.H. and the editor of the magazine . A facsimile of the magazine was released as a book in 2005 . 
 
 
 = Tropical Storm Olaf ( 1997 ) = 
 
 Tropical Storm Olaf was an erratic and long @-@ lived tropical cyclone that brought heavy rainfall to regions of Mexico , which would be devastated by Hurricane Pauline a week later . The sixteenth named storm of the 1997 season , Olaf formed on September 26 off the southern coast of Mexico . It moved northward and quickly intensified , reaching peak winds of 70 mph ( 120 km / h ) before weakening and hitting Oaxaca as a tropical depression . In Mexico , El Salvador , and Guatemala , the system brought heavy rainfall , which killed 18 people and caused flooding and damage . It was originally thought that Olaf dissipated over Mexico , although its remnants continued westward for a week . It interacted with Hurricane Pauline , which caused Olaf to turn to the southeast and later to the north to strike Mexico again , finally dissipating on October 12 . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 The origins of Olaf were from a tropical wave first noted over Central America on September 22 . It moved slowly through the eastern Pacific Ocean , and gradually developed an area of convection . Concurrently , an upper @-@ level low @-@ pressure area moved from the Gulf of Mexico across Mexico into the Pacific , which produced wind shear across the region ; wind shear is the difference in wind speed and direction in the atmosphere , and is usually harmful to tropical cyclogenesis . The disturbance associated with the tropical wave persisted and developed outflow . This caused the upper @-@ level low to move away from the system . On September 26 , it was sufficiently organized to be classified Tropical Depression Seventeen @-@ E , while located about 345 miles ( 560 km ) south of the Gulf of Tehuantepec . 
 A few hours after developing , the depression attained tropical storm status , or winds of at least 40 mph ( 65 km / h ) . Upon doing so , the National Hurricane Center ( NHC ) gave it the name " Olaf " . The upper @-@ level low , which was moving away from the region , caused the storm to move northward toward the Mexican coast . Olaf quickly intensified , as evidenced by reports from a nearby ship , and the winds reached 70 mph ( 115 km / h ) by late on September 27 ; the NHC anticipated further intensification to hurricane status , or winds of at least 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . Instead , interaction with the rough terrain of Mexico caused weakening . Olaf made landfall on Salina Cruz , Oaxaca early on September 29 as a 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) tropical depression . Within a few hours , the circulation was not evident on satellite imagery , and the NHC discontinued advisories . 
 Despite being considered dissipated , a re @-@ analysis of satellite imagery indicated the circulation of Olaf persisted as turned to the west toward open waters . Early on September 30 , the system reached the Pacific , and it continued westward for about a week , during which it retained some convective activity . On October 5 , Olaf turned toward the east , as it interacted with the large circulation of developing Hurricane Pauline . Later that day , the NHC resumed issuing advisories , while it was located about 560 miles ( 900 km ) southwest of the southern tip of the Baja California Peninsula . The system turned to the southeast , and , failing to organize , the NHC discontinued advisories on October 8 . Three days later , after the remnants of Olaf turned toward the north , the NHC again resumed advisories , when it was just 70 miles ( 115 km ) south @-@ southwest of Tecomán , Colima . Late on October 12 , the circulation of Olaf made its final landfall near Manzanillo , Colima , and it quickly dissipated . An associated area of thunderstorms moved over open waters again , but failed to redevelop . 
 
 = = Impact and preparations = = 
 
 Prior to moving ashore , a tropical storm warning was issued from Punta Maldonado , Guerrero to Tapachula , Chiapas and the Port of Chiapas , near the Mexico – Guatemala border . When Olaf was strengthening faster than anticipated , the advisory was upgraded to a hurricane warning , although it was downgraded to a tropical storm after the intensification did not occur . Upon making its first landfall , Tropical Depression Olaf produced gusty winds and heavy rains along the southeastern coast of Mexico . The peak 24 ‑ hour rainfall total was 6 @.@ 71 inches ( 17 @.@ 1 cm ) in Juchitán de Zaragoza in Oaxaca ; the highest rainfall total throughout Olaf 's duration was 27 @.@ 73 inches ( 70 @.@ 4 cm ) at a station called Soyalapa / Comaltepec in Oaxaca . Heavy rainfall was also reported in Guatemala and El Salvador . 
 Across the affected region , the heavy rainfall caused flooding , which resulted in 18 deaths . In Mexico , the flooding damaged 50 @,@ 000 acres ( 200 km2 ) of coffee , corn , and other crops ; in Chiapas , the coffee crop damage represented a severe cut into the yearly total . The precipitation flooded many buildings across the region , including 30 houses in the Chiapas capital of Tuxtla Gutiérrez , when a river exceeded its banks . In mountainous regions , mudslides left dozens of small villages isolated from the outside world . Along the coast , high waves of up to 16 feet ( 5 m ) forced the closure of all ports in three Mexican states , which affected thousands of fishermen . Further west , three fishing vessels were reported missing near Acapulco , prompting rescue parties . The storm also forced the closure of several airports . In its final landfall , there was no damage reported ; precipitation in that region peaked at 2 @.@ 96 inches ( 7 @.@ 5 cm ) in Coquimatlán , Colima . 
 Following the storm , the Mexican government sent food , water , and housing supplies to affected families in Oaxaca . Less than a week after Olaf moved through southern Mexico , Hurricane Pauline struck the same region with much stronger winds . Pauline caused heavier rainfall and more damage , killing at least 250 people . Some regions received 10 days of heavy rainfall . 
 
 
 = Road to the North Pole = 
 
 " Road to the North Pole " is the seventh episode of the ninth season of the animated comedy series Family Guy . Directed by Greg Colton and co @-@ written by Chris Sheridan and Danny Smith , the episode originally aired on Fox in the United States on December 12 , 2010 . In " Road to the North Pole " , two of the show 's main characters , baby Stewie and anthropomorphic dog Brian , who are voiced by series creator Seth MacFarlane , go on an adventure to the North Pole in an attempt to kill Santa Claus . They eventually discover a dreary , polluting factory full of disease @-@ ridden elves and carnivorous , feral reindeer , along with a sickly , exhausted Santa who begs to be killed . Stewie and Brian take pity on him , however , and decide to fulfill Christmas by delivering gifts to the entire globe , albeit unsuccessfully . 
 The " Road to " episodes which have aired throughout various seasons of Family Guy were inspired by the Road to ... comedy films starring Bing Crosby , Bob Hope and Dorothy Lamour , though this episode was not originally conceived as a " Road to " show . The episode is the second Family Guy Christmas special after the season three episode , " A Very Special Family Guy Freakin ' Christmas " , also written by Danny Smith . It was first announced at the 2010 San Diego Comic @-@ Con International . 
 Critical responses to the episode were mostly positive ; critics praised its storyline and its numerous cultural references , although it also received criticism from the Parents Television Council . According to Nielsen ratings , it was viewed in 8 @.@ 03 million homes during its original airing in the United States . The episode featured guest performances by Drew Barrymore , H. Jon Benjamin , David Boreanaz , Carrie Fisher , and Karley Scott Collins , along with several recurring guest voice actors for the series . It is narrated by Ron MacFarlane , Seth MacFarlane 's father . It was nominated for 3 Emmy Awards : Outstanding Music Composition for a Series , Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics and Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series ( Half @-@ Hour ) and Animation . It later won for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series ( Half @-@ Hour ) and Animation . The song " Christmastime Is Killing Us " was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Song Written for Visual Media . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Brian takes Stewie to the mall , only to get a rude brush @-@ off from Santa . As a result , Stewie vows to kill Santa for blowing him off and forces Brian to take him to the North Pole . Attempting to trick Stewie , he brings him to a Santa 's Village amusement park . Soon discovering the charade , Stewie threatens to shoot Brian if he does not take him to the real North Pole . Stewie hitches a ride with a trucker and so Brian follows him all the way to Canada . On the way , Stewie accidentally causes a traffic pileup by discharging a flare pistol in the cab of the truck , which catches fire and explodes . Crashing his car in a chain reaction , Brian becomes angry and tells Stewie that Santa does not exist . Stewie becomes frustrated and continues to attempt to hitchhike . The pair then encounter a Canadian who gives them his snowmobile . 
 Continuing north , they soon run out of gas , but receive help from the Aurora Boreanaz , who instructs them to stay at a nearby cabin . The two survive the night in the cabin and set out on foot the next morning . They finally make it to Santa 's workshop , only to find a dark , gloomy factory in a dreary , polluted , lifeless wasteland , Santa a sickly and somewhat psychopathic old man , the elves horribly inbred and mutated from Santa 's attempt to keep up with the increasing toy demands year after year , and the reindeer carnivorous feral monsters that eat the elves who wandered out into the snow to die of exhaustion . Santa suddenly collapses and is too sick to deliver the presents . Brian and Stewie agree to do it , only to waste time at their first stop and leave , after being discovered by a family , whom they tie up . The reindeer eat each other . 
 On Christmas morning , everybody wakes up to find no presents under their trees . They turn on the news , which is broadcasting the same story . Brian and Stewie appear on the broadcast and bring the dying Santa out in a wheelchair , explaining that humanity 's greed is killing him and if they don 't shorten their demands to one Christmas present a year , they may have to give up Christmas altogether . Chastened , everyone agrees and , one year later , Santa has recovered , the workshop is once again a lively , colorful Christmassy cottage and the elves and reindeer are all rejuvenated . 
 
 = = Production and development = = 
 
 " Road to the North Pole " is the sixth episode of the " Road to " episodes of the series which air through various seasons of the show . It was directed by Family Guy veteran Greg Colton , this being the first episode he has directed since the eighth season episode " Go Stewie , Go . " This is also Colton 's third " Road to " episode , the first being " Road to Germany " and the second being " Road to the Multiverse . " The episode was written by Chris Sheridan and Danny Smith , this being the first Smith wrote since " Partial Terms of Endearment , " and his first " Road to " episode . It included staff writers Alex Carter , Andrew Goldberg and Elaine Ko . It is an hour @-@ long special with three musical numbers . Ron MacFarlane , Seth MacFarlane 's father , served as the episode 's narrator . This is also the first " Road to " episode to be composed by Ron Jones . 
 Two of the musical numbers , " All I Really Want for Christmas " and " Christmastime is Killing Us " were released as digital downloads on iTunes . " Christmastime is Killing Us " was available on December 3 , 2010 , while " All I Really Want for Christmas " was made available on December 10 , 2010 . 
 In addition to the regular cast , the episode also guest starred actress Drew Barrymore , voice actor H. Jon Benjamin , actor David Boreanaz , actress Karley Scott Collins , actress Carrie Fisher , actor Ron MacFarlane , father of series creator and executive producer Seth MacFarlane , actor Bruce McGill , voice actor Will Ryan , voice actress Tara Strong and actress Nana Visitor . Recurring guest voice actors John G. Brennan , actor Chris Cox , actor Ralph Garman , writer Chris Sheridan , writer Danny Smith , writer Alec Sulkin , actress Jennifer Tilly and writer John Viener also made minor appearances . 
 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 
 This episode as well as the entire " Road to " series in Family Guy is a parody of the seven Road to ... comedy films which were released from 1940 to 1962 , starring actors Bing Crosby , Bob Hope and actress Dorothy Lamour . The opening credits show images with Brian and Stewie referencing other Christmas specials such as The Nutcracker , A Christmas Carol , How the Grinch Stole Christmas , Frosty the Snowman and Home Alone . The credits also show Brian and Stewie performing winter activities , such as snowball fights , making snow angels and putting coal in the ( Meg 's ) Christmas socks instead of gifts . Ron MacFarlane , who narrated part of the episode , mentioned that Kenny Rogers was supposed to be there . 
 The episode opens with a musical number in which the members of Quahog sing about what they want for Christmas . Peter wishes to have actress and models Jessica Biel and Megan Fox . He also wishes to have lunch with Michael Landon 's ghost and wants twelve kegs of beer . Lois wishes to visit the Spanish coasts , and " Mexico , with two black guys and some blow " . Chris wishes for Jennifer Garner and Meg wishes for a Lexus . The neighbors of Quahog also wish for gifts : Herbert wishes for a drummer boy ( there is a picture of singer Nick Jonas on the wall while he wishes for this ) , Mayor Adam West wishes for a tinkertoy , Carl wishes for a Blu @-@ ray version of The Wiz and Consuela wishes for more Lemon Pledge . Continuing with the song , Jillian Russell wishes for Easter eggs , Joe wishes for one day when kids don 't stare at him , Bonnie wants platinum @-@ plated silverware , Quagmire wants " Japanese girls of no restraint " to choke him and then whip him and Mort ( who is Jewish ) says he will sue if they put a Christmas tree in the airport . The song ends with various characters appearing in an advent calendar . 
 Brian and Stewie go to the mall so they can meet Santa , but Peter is asking Santa for gifts ( he asks for a game of Uno , a Magna Doodle , a pet chink ( a mix of a chinchilla and a mink ) and a Charles in Charge lunchbox . ) When the mall Santa leaves for the night and Brian demands that he let Stewie sit in his lap , Santa mentions he will be at Applebee 's . Stewie says that Santa leaving before he got a chance to sit in his lap felt like a bigger betrayal than the betrayal of Gary Busey by reality ; this takes us to Busey looking himself in the mirror asking his reflection , in the form of a crazed clown , how he is doing . 
 Brian and Stewie decide to go to the North Pole to kill Santa , but Brian does not want Stewie to get disappointed if Santa is not what everybody thinks he is ; to this Stewie responds that Brian is as negative as Eeyore from Winnie @-@ the @-@ Pooh . To prevent Stewie from going to the North Pole he tells him that Santa is not real ; Stewie questions this , also asking if Elmo , SpongeBob SquarePants and Curious George aren 't real . On their way to the North Pole , Brian and Stewie find themselves in Canada , where they meet a man with a thick Canadian accent ; they also see the Aurora borealis and the Aurora Boreanaz ( an aurora with David Boreanaz 's face ) . 
 When they finally get to the North Pole and find it polluted and lifeless , Stewie compares it to Bridgeport , Connecticut ; thus resulting in a cutaway to a Bridgeport resident writing an angry letter to the Family Guy writer staff about Stewie 's comment . When Santa Claus is near death , he shocks Stewie by saying " I 'll be with Allah soon " . When Brian and Stewie decide to deliver the presents for Santa , in their travel the Statue of Liberty can be seen . Unfortunately , they are not able to deliver the presents , and the next morning the residents of Quahog are upset because they have no presents , but Mort says he got eight mediocre gifts . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 " Road to the North Pole " was broadcast on December 12 , 2010 , as a part of an animated television night on Fox , and was preceded by The Simpsons , and followed by Family Guy creator and executive producer Seth MacFarlane 's second show , American Dad ! . It was watched by 8 @.@ 03 million viewers , according to Nielsen ratings , despite airing simultaneously with the Desperate Housewives on ABC , The Amazing Race and Undercover Boss on CBS and Sunday Night Football on NBC . The episode also acquired a 3 @.@ 9 rating in the 18 – 49 demographic , beating American Dad ! and The Simpsons in addition to significantly edging out both shows in total viewership . The episode 's ratings increased significantly from the previous week 's episode . 
 This episode received generally positive response from critics . Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V. Club gave " Road to the North Pole " a positive review , stating that it is " a satisfying episode of Family Guy all around , filled with funny gags and nice moments . " He especially praised the musical segments , and the portrayal of the North Pole , writing that " the way the episode kept piling more and more ridiculous horrors on top of each other kept the whole thing funny . " He rated the episode an " A- " . Jason Hughes of TV Squad also praised the songs and the depiction of Santa 's factory , though he found the delivery of the episode 's message " heavy @-@ handed . " Kate Moon of TV Fanatic gave the episode 3 @.@ 6 out of 5 stars . She said , " I had mixed feelings about this one , despite its clever moments and hopeful ending . While I normally have no problems about Family Guy ’ s shocking or offensive themes , I felt bit disconcerted about the direction of this Christmas episode . " She went on to say , " Perhaps it was the way that the series stomped on something as innocent as Santa and his elves and twisted them all around . Or perhaps it was the cannibalistic reindeer . Whatever the specific reason , the irreverent nature of Family Guy seemed just a little too graphic for me this time around . " 
 The Parents Television Council , a conservative campaigning critic of Seth MacFarlane works , named Family Guy its " Worst TV Show of the Week " for " Road to the North Pole " for the week ending on December 17 , 2010 . It got this rating due to sexual content and excessive violent scenes including the scene in which Stewie beats a man to death with a baseball bat , and the scenes featuring Seth MacFarlane 's father , Ron , while also stating , " Forget naughty or nice . This show was simply nauseating . " Robin Pierson of The TV Critic gave " Road to the North Pole " a 47 out of a possible 100 , said " A little more interesting plot wise than the usual fare but otherwise just as gruesome " . He especially disliked the portrayal of Santa and his elves and the violence . 
 The episode was also nominated for Outstanding Original Music and Lyrics ( for song " Christmastime Is Killing Us " , written by Ron Jones , Seth MacFarlane , and Danny Smith ) and Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series ( Half @-@ Hour ) and Animation . It won for Outstanding Sound Mixing for a Comedy or Drama Series ( Half @-@ Hour ) and Animation . 
 The series was successfully nominated in 2009 , but failed to merit an award . Mark Hentemann , executive producer and showrunner of Family Guy said of the nominating process , " We had internal discussions in the writers ' room , and it seemed like we were much more akin to the other primetime comedies than we were to children 's shows in animation . We assumed we would not get anywhere , and so it was a great surprise when we got the nomination . " 
 " Christmastime Is Killing Us " was nominated for Best Song Written for a Visual Media at the 54th Grammy Awards . 
 
 
 = Ed Barrow = 
 
 Edward Grant Barrow ( May 10 , 1868 – December 15 , 1953 ) was an American manager and front office executive in Major League Baseball . He served as the field manager of the Detroit Tigers and Boston Red Sox . He served as business manager ( de facto general manager ) of the New York Yankees from 1921 to 1939 and as team president from 1939 to 1945 , and is credited with building the Yankee dynasty . Barrow was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1953 . 
 Born in a covered wagon in Springfield , Illinois , Barrow worked as a journalist and soap salesman before entering the business of baseball by selling concessions at games . From there , Barrow purchased minor league baseball teams , also serving as team manager , and served as president of the Atlantic League . After managing the Tigers in 1903 and 1904 and returning to the minor leagues , Barrow became disenchanted with baseball , and left the game to operate a hotel . 
 Barrow returned to baseball in 1910 as president of the Eastern League . After a seven @-@ year tenure , Barrow managed the Red Sox from 1918 through 1920 , leading the team to victory in the 1918 World Series . When Red Sox owner Harry Frazee began to sell his star players , Barrow joined the Yankees . During his quarter @-@ century as their baseball operations chief , the Yankees won 14 AL pennants and 10 World Series titles . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Barrow was born in Springfield , Illinois , the oldest of four children , all male , born to Effie Ann Vinson @-@ Heller and John Barrow . Barrow 's father fought in the Ohio Volunteer Militia during the American Civil War . Following the war , Barrow 's parents , with John 's mother , brothers , and sisters , traveled in a covered wagon to Nebraska ; Barrow was born on a hemp plantation belonging to relatives during the trip . The Barrows lived in Nebraska for six years before moving to Des Moines , Iowa . His middle name , Grant , was bestowed on him in honor of Ulysses S. Grant , the Civil War general . 
 Barrow worked as mailing clerk for the Des Moines News in 1887 , receiving a promotion to circulation manager within a year . He became a reporter for the Des Moines Leader after graduating from high school . He became city editor , earning $ 35 a week ( $ 922 in current dollar terms ) . In his last two years living in Des Moines , Barrow established a baseball team , which included future baseball stars Fred Clarke , Ducky Holmes , and Herm McFarland . 
 Barrow moved to Pittsburgh in 1889 , where he worked as a soap salesman , believing there was money in this business . However , Barrow lost all of money in this business , and went to work as a desk clerk in a Pittsburgh hotel . 
 
 = = Baseball career = = 
 
 
 = = = Early career = = = 
 
 Barrow partnered with Harry Stevens in 1894 to sell concessions at baseball games . He helped George Moreland form the Interstate League , a Class @-@ C minor league , in 1894 . Barrow , with Stevens and Al Buckenberger , purchased the Wheeling Nailers of the Interstate League in 1896 . Barrow served as field manager until the collapse of the league that season . The team continued in the Iron and Oil League for the rest of the year . 
 Barrow then bought the Paterson Silk Weavers of the Class @-@ A Atlantic League , managing them for the rest of the 1896 season . Barrow discovered Honus Wagner throwing lumps of coal at a railroad station in Pennsylvania , and signed him to his first professional contract . Barrow sold Wagner to the Louisville Colonels of the National League ( NL ) for $ 2 @,@ 100 the next year ( $ 59 @,@ 732 in current dollar terms ) . With poor attendance , Barrow brought in professional boxers as a draw : he had James J. Corbett play first base while John L. Sullivan and James J. Jeffries umpired . He also hired Lizzie Arlington , the first woman in professional baseball , to pitch a few innings a game . 
 From 1897 through 1899 , Barrow served as president of the Atlantic League . During this time , in the winter of 1898 – 99 , Barrow and Jake Wells established a movie theater in Richmond , Virginia . Barrow managed Paterson again in 1899 , but the league folded after the season . 
 With the money earned from the sale of the Richmond movie theater , Barrow purchased a one @-@ quarter share of the Toronto Maple Leafs of the Class @-@ A Eastern League in 1900 from Arthur Irwin , and served as the team 's manager . Irwin , hired to be the manager of the Washington Senators of the NL , brought his most talented players with him . Rebuilding the Maple Leafs , Barrow acquired talented players , such as Nick Altrock , and the team improved from a fifth @-@ place finish in 1899 , to a third @-@ place finish in 1900 , and a second @-@ place finish in 1901 . The Maple Leafs won the league championship in 1902 , even though they lost many of their most talented players , including Altrock , to the upstart American League ( AL ) . 
 Barrow managed in the major leagues with the Detroit Tigers of the AL in 1903 , finishing fifth , a thirteen @-@ game improvement from their 1902 finish . With the Tigers , Barrow feuded with shortstop Kid Elberfeld . Tigers ' owner Sam Angus sold the team to William Yawkey before the 1904 season . Barrow managed the Tigers again in 1904 , but unable to coexist with Frank Navin , Yawkey 's secretary @-@ treasurer , Barrow tendered his resignation . He then managed the Montreal Royals of the Eastern League for the rest of the season . He managed the Indianapolis Indians of the Class @-@ A American Association in 1905 and Toronto in 1906 . Disheartened with baseball after finishing in last place , Barrow hired Joe Kelley to manage Toronto in 1907 , and after signing the rest of the team 's players , became manager of the Windsor Arms Hotel in Toronto . 
 
 = = = Return to baseball = = = 
 
 Barrow returned to baseball in 1910 , managing Montreal . The Eastern League hired Barrow as its president the next year , giving him an annual salary of $ 7 @,@ 500 ( $ 190 @,@ 473 in current dollar terms ) . He served in this role from 1911 through 1917 , and engineered the name change to " International League " before the 1912 season . As league president , he contended with the creation of the Federal League in 1914 , which competed as a major league , and established franchises in International League cities , including Newark , New Jersey , Buffalo , New York , and Baltimore , Maryland . He attempted to gain major league status for the league in 1914 , but was unsuccessful . When the Federal League collapsed , Barrow was the only league president to forbid the outlaw players from playing in his league . 
 After the 1917 season , Barrow attempted to organize the " Union League " , to compete against the AL and NL as a third major league , by merging four International League clubs with four teams from the American Association . Several International League owners opposed Barrow 's policies , including his attempt to form the Union League , and felt he was too close personally to Ban Johnson . When the league 's owners voted to cut his pay to $ 2 @,@ 500 after the 1917 season ( $ 46 @,@ 175 in current dollar terms ) , Barrow resigned . 
 Barrow became manager of the Boston Red Sox in 1918 . As the team lost many of its better players during World War I , Barrow encouraged owner Harry Frazee to purchase Stuffy McInnis , Wally Schang , Bullet Joe Bush , and Amos Strunk from the Philadelphia Athletics for $ 75 @,@ 000 ( $ 1 @,@ 179 @,@ 923 in current dollar terms ) . During the season , Barrow feuded with his assistant , Johnny Evers , who undermined Barrow 's leadership . The Red Sox won the 1918 World Series . Recognizing that star pitcher Babe Ruth was also a great power hitter , Barrow had Ruth pinch hit on days when he wasn 't scheduled to pitch . When Ruth told Barrow that he could only pitch or hit , Barrow decided that Ruth 's bat was more useful than his pitching , and transitioned him from a pitcher into an outfielder . Ruth had a public dispute with Barrow in July 1918 and was reported in the press as intending to leave the Red Sox , although the situation was soon smoothed over . 
 After the 1918 season , Frazee , now in debt , began selling the contracts of star players . He traded Dutch Leonard , Duffy Lewis , and Ernie Shore to the New York Yankees , obtaining Ray Caldwell , Slim Love , Frank Gilhooley , Roxy Walters , and cash . Frazee sold Carl Mays to the Yankees during the 1919 season . The Red Sox struggled in 1919 , finishing sixth in the AL . Frazee sold Ruth to the Yankees after the season , against Barrow 's warnings . The Red Sox finished in fifth in 1920 . 
 
 = = = New York Yankees = = = 
 
 After the 1920 season , Barrow resigned from the Red Sox to become the business manager of the Yankees , replacing the deceased Harry Sparrow . He took control of building the roster , which was usually the field manager 's responsibility in those days . With the Yankees , Barrow handled the signing of player contracts , although owner Jacob Ruppert personally handled the contracts of Ruth and Lou Gehrig . 
 Barrow installed himself in the Yankees ' infrastructure between co @-@ owner Tillinghast L 'Hommedieu Huston and manager Miller Huggins , as Huston frequently criticized Huggins . Barrow told Huggins : " You 're the manager , and you 'll not be second guessed by me . Your job is to win ; mine is to get you the players you need to win . " When Huggins suspended Ruth indefinitely on August 29 , 1925 for " misconduct off the playing field " , while also fining him $ 5 @,@ 000 ( $ 67 @,@ 467 in current dollar terms ) , Barrow supported Huggins . 
 In his first move with the Yankees , Barrow brought Red Sox coach Paul Krichell with him to New York as a scout . He purchased a share in the club in 1924 . He also discovered executive George Weiss , whom he mentored . Barrow also orchestrated a series of trades with his former club , mainly to keep Frazee afloat . These trades netted the Yankees such stars as Bullet Joe Bush , Joe Dugan and George Pipgras . It has been argued that these trades only looked lopsided in favor of the Yankees only because the players sent to Boston suffered a rash of injuries . However , this is belied by the fact that Barrow almost certainly knew who was coming to New York in these deals ; he 'd managed nearly all of them in Boston . 
 The Yankees sought to develop their own players , rather than buying them from other teams , especially after the investment of $ 100 @,@ 000 ( $ 1 @,@ 362 @,@ 261 in current dollar terms ) in Lyn Lary and Jimmie Reese in 1927 . However , Weiss and Bill Essick convinced Barrow to approve the purchase of Joe DiMaggio from the Pacific Coast League . 
 Barrow was considered a potential successor to AL president Ban Johnson in 1927 , but Barrow declared that he was not interested in the job . When Huggins died in 1929 , Barrow chose Bob Shawkey to replace him as manager , passing over Ruth , who wanted the opportunity to become a player @-@ manager . Barrow also prevented Ruth from managing other teams after he departed the Yankees , by suggesting to executives of other teams that Ruth was not equipped to manage a baseball team . Although Ruth and Barrow had been together for all but one season from 1918 to 1934 , the two had never gotten along . The Sporting News named Barrow their Executive of the Year in 1937 . 
 After Ruppert 's death in 1939 , his will left the Yankees and other assets in a trust for his descendants . The will also named Barrow president of the Yankees , with full authority over the team 's day @-@ to @-@ day operations . Barrow was named Executive of the Year by The Sporting News in 1941 , the second time he won the award . The estate sold the team to a group of Larry MacPhail , Dan Topping , and Del Webb in 1945 , and Barrow sold his 10 % stake in the team to the group . Barrow remained as chairman of the board and an informal adviser . Though he signed a five @-@ year contract to remain with the team , he exercised a clause in his contract to free himself as of December 31 , 1946 , in order to officially retire from baseball . AL president Will Harridge offered Barrow the job of Commissioner of Baseball to succeed Kenesaw Mountain Landis ; Barrow declined , as he felt he was too old and his health was in decline . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 Barrow was known as " Uncle Egbert " to his friends ; according to writer Tom Meany , Babe Ruth referred to him as " Barrows , " treating him as if he were " a butler in an English drawing room comedy . " He resided in Rye , New York . He first married in 1898 , but did not discuss it in any of his writings . His second marriage was to Fannie Taylor Briggs in January 1912 ; he raised her five @-@ year @-@ old daughter from her previous marriage , Audrey , as his own daughter . 
 Barrow was an able boxer . He once fought John L. Sullivan in an exhibition for four rounds . 
 Barrow was hospitalized on July 7 , 1953 at the United Hospital of Port Chester , New York and died on December 15 , at the age of 85 , due to a malignancy . His body was kept at Campbell 's Funeral Home and interred in Kensico Cemetery in Valhalla , Westchester County , New York . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Barrow was the first executive to put numbers on player uniforms . He also announced the retirement of Lou Gehrig 's uniform number , the first number to be retired . Barrow was also the first executive to allow fans to keep foul balls that entered the stands . Barrow was also the first to require the playing of " The Star @-@ Spangled Banner " , the United States ' national anthem , before every game , not only on holidays . 
 In May 1950 , an exhibition game was played in honor of Barrow , with Barrow managing a team of retired stars . Barrow was elected to the National Baseball Hall of Fame by the Veterans Committee in 1953 . 
 On April 15 , 1954 , the Yankees dedicated a plaque to Barrow , which first hung on the center field wall at Yankee Stadium , near the flagpole and the monuments to Babe Ruth , Lou Gehrig and Miller Huggins . The plaques later moved to the stadium 's Monument Park . 
 
 
 = Spanish Hill = 
 
 Spanish Hill is a hill located in the borough of South Waverly , Pennsylvania . The hill is controversial among historians and archaeologists ; opinions regarding the origin of structures found on the site vary from embankments created by early farmers , to the remnants of a Native American village and battlements , due to the site 's similarity to the description found in the account of Étienne Brûlé of a settlement called Carantouan . The area in the hill 's vicinity was previously occupied by Susquehannock Native Americans . It was a common site for both amateur and professional archaeology , as well as relic hunting . The source of the name remains unknown , but various theories have been proposed as to its origin . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 In 1795 , François Alexandre Frédéric visited Spanish Hill while en route to Canada . He described the hill as " a mountain in the shape of a sugar loaf , about 100 feet high , with level top , on which are remains of intrenchments . One perpendicular breastwork is still remaining , plainly indicating a parapet and ditch . " In 1833 , another individual visiting the hill described " the remains of a wall which runs around the whole exactly on the brow , and within a deep ditch or intrenchment running round the whole summit . " In 1898 , I.P. Shepard created a sketch of Spanish Hill , including the portions still visible at the time as well as those no longer extant . Shepard enlisted the assistance of a longtime local resident , Charles Henry Shepard , who claimed to remember " fortifications as consisting of an embankment with a trench behind , giving a height of four or five feet on the inside . " In addition , an indent was discovered on the site which was pronounced to be a corn cache by Beauchamp . 
 According to John S. Clark , a surveyor and historian active in the area until the early twentieth century , the topography and size of the site were appropriate to correspond with Brûlé 's description of Carantouan ; Brûlé described a palisaded town , populated by approximately 800 warriors and 4 @,@ 000 individuals in total . He also described the dwellings and fortifications as being similar to those utilized by the Wyandot people . Clark 's conclusions were based in part on surveys he conducted at the site in 1878 , when he observed what he believed were fortifications atop the hill . Amateur archaeologist Ellsworth C. Cowles conducted an excavation at the base of the hill in 1932 , uncovering what he described as " seventy five postholes extending east and west , " as well as the " effigy of a huge animal . " 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Originally created by receding glaciers , Spanish Hill comprises approximately 10 acres ( 40 @,@ 000 m2 ) of earth in a site that is part of the Sayre quadrangle . Located at an elevation of 978 feet ( 298 m ) above sea level , it rises approximately 230 feet ( 70 m ) over the nearby floodplain of the Chemung River . The hill is located in South Waverly , Pennsylvania , in Bradford County , just south of the state border with New York , inside of territory once occupied by the Susquehannock people . It has been acknowledged and studied by historians and archaeologists for over two hundred years . The source of the name is unknown , but individuals traveling through the area between 1795 and 1804 described " Spanish Ramparts " as a feature of the hill , and some of the earliest settlers to the region report that local Native Americans referred to the hill either as " Hispan " or " Espan . " In 1615 , Étienne Brûlé was sent to the area by Samuel de Champlain to meet with Native American tribes in the hope of finding assistance to fight the Iroquois , against whom Champlain had allied with the Wyandot people . During his voyage , Brûlé recorded a town called Carantouan ( meaning " Big Tree , " according to ethnologist William Martin Beauchamp ) , which was subsequently included on a map published by de Champlain in 1632 . In the early nineteenth @-@ century , a Native American man who lived in the area near Spanish Hill reportedly refused to ascend it , for fear of a deadly spirit that lived on top . According to the man , the spirit spoke with a thunderous voice and " made holes through Indians ' bodies . " Archaeologist Louise Welles Murray suggested that this could be a reference to cannon or musket fire . 
 In the early twentieth century , archaeological and historical research was conducted regarding a potential connection between Carantouan and the structures described on the hill . After surveying the area in spring and fall , archaeologist L.D. Shoemaker discovered evidence of Native American habitation , including shell heaps , corn and flint chips , along with various other implements . In 1918 , historian and archaeologist George P. Donehoo , after a survey of the site , determined that it was impossible for Spanish Hill to have been the site of the town described by Brûlé . He cited the sharp incline , which would have made ascension difficult , as well as the lack of water and archaeological evidence on the hill as evidence against it having been the location of Carantouan . Speculation that Spanish Hill was the site of the village was also countered by James Bennett Griffin , who found nothing of interest in the area following an archaeological survey in 1931 . However , historian Deb Twigg suggests that prior excavations conducted by early twentieth @-@ century archaeologist Warren Moorehead , as well as years of heavy farming activity in the area may have contributed to the lack of artifacts found during the Griffin expedition . As Twig wrote : “ Until more information is known , it seems imprudent to eliminate Spanish Hill as a possible site related to the nation of Carantouan , as some researchers have done . ” 
 The site was a popular location , both for archaeological excavations and amateur collecting . According to Twigg , Spanish Hill was " looted " by Moorehead , and his finds likely sold to collectors . In addition , the area was heavily scoured by relic collectors approximately since the early nineteenth @-@ century . 
 On October 15 , 1915 , the Historical Society of Bradford County , Pennsylvania , dedicated a memorial on Spanish Hill in honor of the tricentennial of the arrival of Brûlé to the present @-@ day border of Pennsylvania . Later , in 1939 , Section of Painting and Sculpture artist Musa McKim depicted the hill in a mural entitled " Spanish Hill and the Early Inhabitants of the Vicinity , " for display in the United States Post Office branch of nearby Waverly , New York . The hill was nearly demolished and used for highway fill in 1970 , but the efforts were reportedly halted due to lobbying by local amateur archaeologist Ellsworth Cowles . 
 
 
 = S.R. 819 = 
 
 " S.R. 819 " is the ninth episode of the sixth season of the science fiction television series The X @-@ Files . It premiered on the Fox network on January 17 , 1999 in the United States . The episode was written by John Shiban , and directed by Daniel Sackheim . The episode helps to explore the series ' overarching mythology . " S.R. 819 " earned a Nielsen household rating of 9 @.@ 1 , being watched by 15 @.@ 7 million people in its initial broadcast . The episode received mixed to positive reviews from critics . 
 The show centers on Federal Bureau of Investigation ( FBI ) special agents Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) who work on cases linked to the paranormal , called X @-@ Files . Mulder is a believer in the paranormal , while the skeptical Scully has been assigned to debunk his work . In the episode , Mulder and Scully have 24 hours to save Assistant Director Skinner ( Mitch Pileggi ) from a biologically engineered disease . In order to combat the disease , Scully looks for a medical answer , while Mulder searches for the culprits behind the attack on Skinner 's life . To aid him in this task , Mulder reaches out to Senator Matheson , whom he hopes can help him find who is responsible before time runs out . 
 Before the writing of " S.R. 819 " , the writers for The X @-@ Files felt that the character of Walter Skinner was becoming too " expendable " . John Shiban , the writer of the episode , decided to re @-@ work Skinner back into the series ' mythology by crafting the episode around him . Mitch Pileggi had to endure long bouts of make @-@ up application , a process that he admitted he " hated " . The nanobots in the blood sample were designed on a computer and then rendered for the final footage . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 The episode opens with Assistant Director Walter Skinner ( Mitch Pileggi ) unwell and horribly discolored in hospital . His veins are a sickly purple hue and are pulsating ominously . Suddenly , he goes into cardiac arrest and the doctors begin to pronounce him dead . 
 Twenty @-@ four hours earlier , Skinner loses a boxing match after experiencing a dizzy spell . He is discharged from the hospital but Fox Mulder ( David Duchovny ) and Dana Scully ( Gillian Anderson ) witness a bruise on his ribs growing . After trawling through security footage from the entrance to the J. Edgar Hoover Building , Scully recognizes a physicist by the name of Dr. Kenneth Orgel , who advises the Senate subcommittee on ethics and new technology , who stopped Skinner in the hall that same morning . Mulder and Skinner travel to the physicist 's house but find he is being held hostage . Mulder apprehends one of the kidnappers , who does not speak English . They release him since he has papers showing diplomatic immunity . Mulder does a background check on him anyway . 
 The background check leads Mulder to Senator Richard Matheson ( Raymond J. Barry ) , which results in a dead end . Scully discovers Skinner 's blood sample and , after checking , she finds that Skinner 's blood contains multiplying carbon . Meanwhile , Skinner ends up in hospital following a gunfight in the FBI parking garage . Mulder and Scully reunite at the hospital , where Mulder tells Scully that Skinner was investigating a health funding bill called S.R. 819 . Later , the physicist dies of the same carbon blood condition from which Skinner is sick . 
 Skinner remembers having seen , on numerous occasions , a bearded man who showed up suspiciously and who is actually running the scheme . He saves Skinner and sacrifices one of his own men . The case is closed and Skinner is , once again , aggravated with the agents , ordering them to report exclusively to Assistant Director Alvin Kersh ( James Pickens , Jr . ) . The bearded man was actually Alex Krycek ( Nicholas Lea ) , a rogue FBI agent who formerly worked for the Syndicate , who continues to control the potentially debilitating nanotechnology in Skinner 's system . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Writing = = = 
 
 The character of Walter Skinner had evolved over the course of The X @-@ Files ' sixth season . At the start of season six , however , the producers and writers felt that Skinner 's character was becoming " expendable " . With their transfer away from the X @-@ Files division , Mulder and Scully saw less and less of their former boss . Originally , John Shiban , the writer of the episode , wanted to infect Mulder with nanobots . However , he decided that since the audience knew Mulder would not be killed , this plot would not be very effective . In order to compensate for this loss , Shiban decided to re @-@ work Skinner back into the series mythology by putting him in Mulder 's place . Shiban , inspired by the 1950 noir film D.O.A. and its 1988 remake which he jokingly called " [ two ] pretty bad movies " , decided to craft an episode of The X @-@ Files around the conceit of " a guy who 's been poisoned [ and ] has only a short time to live and has to use that time to find out why and by whom he 's being murdered " . 
 Shiban began crafting his story by borrowing a nanobot plot that had been considered by various writers for several seasons . Shiban and the rest of the writers made it a point to give Alex Krycek control over Skinner . In this manner , Skinner once again became a mysterious character , one whose true loyalties were being tested . Shiban noted that , " [ Krycek 's control ] gives Skinner an agenda that Mulder doesn 't know about [ ... ] Which was something we ultimately used again in the seasonender [ sic ] , and will carry us into next year " . 
 
 = = = Filming and effects = = = 
 
 Originally , a " time @-@ consuming " fight scene between Skinner and Krycek was supposed to take place . The scenes were cut because of time @-@ constraints and budgetary reasons . However , Skinner 's boxing match proved easy to stage . Mitch Pileggi , who had boxed competitively in college , went for " refresher course [ s ] " at the Goosen Gym in Los Angeles . He later remarked , " It makes me happy that some people will assume there was a stunt double in the ring . There wasn 't ! [ ... ] We both had a pretty good time " . Location manager Ilt Jones called " S.R. 819 " the " damn parking lot episode " . He was tasked with finding the variety of parking lots used in the episode . He later joked that , " I started to wake up screaming about barriers and parking tickets and entrances and exit ramps " . 
 Pileggi had to endure long bouts of make @-@ up application . To create the principal illusion of monstrous veins , long black faux @-@ veins were glued onto his face , arms , and torso . Pileggi , who had had to endure little to no make @-@ up during the early seasons , noted that , " They did a beautiful job and [ the veins ] looked awesome , but man , I hated it ! I really don 't know how those guys on Star Trek or Babylon 5 can stand having that done to them every day . I just wouldn 't work if that 's what it took " . To show the nanobot infection progressing , special effects makeup supervisor John Vulich used two different make @-@ up sets . The two sets were then mixed together electronically in post @-@ production to give the effect of disease progression . The nanobots in the blood sample were designed on a computer and then cloned with an animation program . Composer Mark Snow 's score for the episode was inspired by Daniel Sackheim 's " big @-@ time feature @-@ like action " . 
 
 = = Broadcast and reception = = 
 
 " S.R. 819 " first aired in the United States on January 17 , 1999 . This episode earned a Nielsen rating of 9 @.@ 1 , meaning that roughly 9 @.@ 1 percent of all television @-@ equipped households were tuned in to the episode . It was viewed by 15 @.@ 7 million viewers . The episode aired in the United Kingdom and Ireland on Sky1 on May 2 , 1999 and received 690 @,@ 000 viewers , making it the second most watched episode that week . Fox promoted the episode with the tagline " He has 24 hours to solve his own murder ... or die . " The episode was nominated for three 2000 Emmy Awards by the Academy of Television Arts & Sciences for Outstanding Music Composition for a Series ( Dramatic Underscore ) . The episode was later included on The X @-@ Files Mythology , Volume 3 – Colonization , a DVD collection that contains episodes involved with the alien Colonist 's plans to take over the earth . 
 The episode was met with mixed to positive reviews from critics . Tom Kessenich , in his book Examination : An Unauthorized Look at Seasons 6 – 9 of the X @-@ Files wrote positively of the episode , saying , " ' S.R. 819 ' re @-@ established some wonderful conspiracy overtones and perhaps set the stage for more interesting developments in the future . It touched base with the very roots The X @-@ Files sprung out of and did so in strong fashion . " Todd VanDerWerff of The A.V Club gave the episode a moderately positive review and awarded it a " B " . He enjoyed the plot , calling it " fun " , praised the twist ending , and called the nanobot makeup effects " legitimately terrifying " . He did , however , write critically of Skinner 's role in the episode , noting that his lack of presence made the entry a " disappointing one " . In addition , VanDerWerff criticized the fact that the teaser shows Skinner dying ; he wrote that " [ t ] here ’ s very little gas in the idea of Skinner dying " and that most of the viewers knew he would not die . 
 Paula Vitaris from Cinefantastique gave the episode a mixed review and awarded it two stars out of four . Vitaris cited severe problems with " Skinner 's emotional journey " as the main detractors for the episode . Robert Shearman and Lars Pearson , on the other hand , awarded the episode two out of five stars in their book Wanting to Believe : A Critical Guide to The X @-@ Files , Millennium & The Lone Gunmen . The two , despite writing positively of the " traditional X @-@ File " feel , called the episode " a return to the sort of murky storylining which promises so much but delivers so little " . 
 
 
 = Paranthodon = 
 
 Paranthodon ( pə @-@ RAN @-@ thə @-@ don ) is a genus of extinct stegosaurian dinosaur that lived in South Africa during the Early Cretaceous , approximately 145 @.@ 5 – 136 @.@ 4 million years ago . Discovered in 1845 , it was one of the first stegosaurians found . Its only remains , a partial skull and isolated teeth , were found in the Kirkwood Formation . Although Owen initially identified the fragments as those of the pareiasaur Anthodon , after years of storage in the British Museum of Natural History , Broom identified the partial skull as belonging to a different genus , and named the specimen Palaeoscincus africanus . Several years later , Nopcsa , unaware of Broom 's new name , similarly concluded that it represented a new taxon , and named the binomial Paranthodon owenii . However , since the Nopcsa 's species name was assigned after Broom 's , and Broom did not assign a new genus , both names are now synonyms under the current naming , Paranthodon africanus . The genus name was chosen from the Ancient Greek para , " near " and Anthodon , for the originally proposed similarity of the specimens . 
 In identifying the remains as those of Palaeoscincus , Broom basically classified Paranthodon as an ankylosaurian , a statement backed by the research of Coombs . Nopcsa however , identified the genus as a stegosaurid , which most modern studies agree with . In 1981 , the genus was reviewed , and found to be a valid genus of stegosaurid . Paranthodon is one of a few genera found in the Kirkwood Formation ; other such taxa include theropods , like Nqwebasaurus ; ornithopods ; and sauropods , like Algoasaurus . 
 
 = = Discovery and naming = = 
 
 In 1845 , amateur geologists William Guybon Atherstone and Andrew Geddes Bain discovered several fossils near Dassieklip , Cape Province , in the Bushmans River Valley . This was the first dinosaur find in all of the Southern Hemisphere and Africa . In 1849 and 1853 , Bain sent some of the fossils to the British paleontologist Richard Owen for identification . Among them was an upper jaw Bain referred to as the " Cape Iguanodon " ; as such the site was named " Iguanodonhoek " . Atherstone published about the find in 1857 , but lamented in 1871 that it had thus far received no attention in London . Only in 1876 did Owen name a series of specimens from the collection as Anthodon serrarius . Anthodon means " flower tooth " . The partial holotype skull BMNH 47337 , the left jaw BMNH 47338 , the matrix BMNH 47338 including bone fragments and impressions of the anterior skull , and the vertebrae BMNH 47337a were all assigned to Anthodon . In 1882 , Othniel Charles Marsh assigned Anthodon to Stegosauridae based on BMNH 47338 , and in 1890 , Richard Lydekker found that although Anthodon was a pareiasaur , its teeth were similar to those of Stegosauridae . 
 In 1909 , the South @-@ African paleontologist Robert Broom visited the collection of the British Museum of Natural History . He concluded that Owen had mixed the partial distorted skull , teeth , and a mandible of a pareiasaur and a partial upper jaw of a dinosaur BMNH 47338 , which were actually from two different species . Broom kept the name Anthodon for the pareiasaur , but identified the other fossil as a member of the genus Palaeoscincus , naming the new species Paleoscincus africanus in 1912 . He found that the anatomy of the teeth were quite different , even thought they resembled each other , as well as those of Stegosaurus . In 1929 , Baron Franz Nopcsa , unaware of Broom 's previous publication , provided a new name for Broom 's P. africanus , as D.M.S. Watson believed that the jaw should be differentiated from Anthodon . Nopcsa named the species Paranthodon Owenii , with the genus name derived from the Latin para , meaning " similar " , " near " , or " beside " , and Anthodon , and specific name honoring Owen . Due to present conventions , the specific name was later emended to owenii . In 1978 , Walter Coombs incorporated both names into the current nomenclature , Paranthodon africanus , as Paranthodon was the first new genus for the fossils and africanus was the first named species . This makes Palaeoscincus africanus and Paranthodon owenii junior synonyms of Paranthodon africanus . 
 The holotype of Paranthodon , BMNH 47338 , was found in a layer of the Kirkwood Formation dated between the Berriasian and early Valanginian ages . It consists of the back of the snout , containing the maxilla with teeth , the posterior caudodorsal ramus of the premaxilla , part of the nasals , and some isolated teeth probably from the lower jaw . One additional specimen can be assigned to it based on the dentition , BMNH 47992 , including only isolated teeth sharing the same morphology as those from the holotype . However , the teeth do not bear any autapomorphies of Paranthodon , and were referred to an indeterminate stegosaurid in 2008 . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Paranthodon was a small stegosaurid relative to larger relatives such as Stegosaurus . Thomas R. Holtz Jr. estimated that the animal was 5 @.@ 0 m ( 16 @.@ 4 ft ) long and weighed between 454 and 907 kg ( 1 @,@ 001 and 2 @,@ 000 lb ) . The snout is elongated , though not extremely so , and convex on top . The back of the premaxilla is long and broad , and the external nares are large . The teeth have a prominent primary ridge . The fossilized nasal and maxillary bones are relatively complete , and an incomplete premaxilla is also preserved . The partial snout resembles Stegosaurus in its large posterior premaxillary process and the extension of the palate . However , Stegosaurus is the only stegosaurid known from adequate cranial material to compare with Paranthodon , and even though their resemblance is great , tooth morphology is very distinguishing among the stegosaurians . For example , cranial material is only known from Stegosaurus , Paranthodon , Kentrosaurus , and Tuojiangosaurus , and in all of them , the tooth morphology differs . 
 The maxilla of Paranthodon preserves the tooth row , and shows that there is little to no overhang . This differs from ankylosaurians , where there is a large amount of overhang of the maxilla . The teeth also have a middle ridge , with five fewer prominent ridges on either side . This is similar to the size ridges seen on Kentrosaurus . Like all stegosaurians , the denticles on the teeth are rounded at the tips , in contrast to ankylosaurians . Also , like Huayangosaurus , but unlike Kentrosaurus and Stegosaurus , Paranthodon possesses a prominent buccal margination ( a ridge beside the tooth row ) . Paranthodon teeth preserve wear , possibly cause by rubbing with other teeth . However , wear is absent on most teeth , similar to Huayangosaurus , meaning it is likely that Paranthodon lacked occlusion between teeth . Paranthodon is distinguished from other stegosaurs by a long , wide , posterior process of the premaxilla , teeth in the maxilla with a very large cingulum , and large ridges on the tooth crowns . Not all of these features were considered valid in a 2008 review of Stegosauria , with the only autapomorphy found being the possession of a partial second bony palate on the maxilla . 
 
 = = Classification = = 
 
 Currently , Paranthodon is classified as a stegosaurus related to Stegosaurus , Tuojiangosaurus , and Loricatosaurus . However , when Broom assigned the name Palaeoscincus africanus to the Paranthodon fossils , he classified them as an ankylosaurian . This classification was later changed by Nopcsa , who found that Paranthodon best resembled a stegosaurid ( before the group was truly defined ) . Coombs ( 1978 ) found Paranthodon to be an ankylosaurian , like Brooms , naming it Ankylosauria incertae sedis . However , in reviews by Galton in 1981 , it was found to instead represent a stegosaurid from the Late Cretaceous . Multiple phylogenetic analyses have placed Paranthodon in Stegosauria , and often in Stegosauridae . A 2010 analysis including nearly all species of stegosaurians found that Paranthodon was outside Stegosauridae , and in a polytomy with Tuojiangosaurus , Huayangosaurus , Chungkingosaurus , Jiangjunosaurus , and Gigantspinosaurus . However , when the latter two genera were removed , Paranthodon grouped with Tuojiangosaurus just outside Stegosauridae , and Huayangosaurus grouped with Chungkingosaurus in Huayangosauridae . Below is the analysis with all included genera . 
 Other analyses have found Paranthodon closely related to Tuojiangosaurus , Loricatosaurus , and Kentrosaurus within Stegosaurinae . Even though phylogenetic analyses recognize Paranthodon as a stegosaurid , the type material actually bears no synapomorphies of Stegosauria . However , the material is likely of stegosaurian nature , and phylogenies by many authors have found it to be within the group . 
 
 = = Paleoecology = = 
 
 The Kirkwood Formation is in South Africa , and many fossils of different species and genera have been discovered in it , with Paranthodon being the first uncovered . The formation is of a Late Jurassic to Early Cretaceous age , with the oldest deposits from the Tithonian , about 145 @.@ 5 million years ago , and the youngest rocks being from the Valanginian , about 136 @.@ 4 million years ago . A large variety of different animal groups have been found in the formation , including dinosaurs , at least two different sphenodontian lizards , multiple teleost fishes , a few crocodylians , some frog specimens , and also turtles . However , a large amount of the material of the Kirkwood formation only includes isolated teeth or partial and fragmentary pieces of bone . Dinosaurs of the formation include a basal tetanuran and the primitive ornithomimosaurian Nqwebasaurus , the possible brachiosaurid Algoasaurus and a potential titanosaurian , and many ornithischians , Paranthodon , a genus of iguanodontian , and a " hypsilophodontid " ( the family Hypsilophodontidae is no longer considered to be a natural grouping ) . 
 
 
 = History of Bradford City A.F.C. = 
 
 Bradford City Association Football Club — also known informally as Bradford City — are an English football club founded in Bradford in 1903 to introduce the sport to the West Riding of Yorkshire , which until then had been almost entirely inclined towards rugby league . Before they had even played their first game , City were elected to the Football League to replace Doncaster Rovers in Division Two , and took over the Valley Parade stadium , which has been their permanent home ground ever since . The club won the Division Two title in 1908 and the FA Cup in 1911 , both under the management of Peter O 'Rourke , before they were relegated from Division One in 1921 – 22 . 
 City were relegated again five seasons later , but when O 'Rourke was reappointed as manager before the 1928 – 29 season , they broke several club records to earn promotion back to Division Two . After eight seasons in Division Two , City returned to Division Three , and they remained in the third and fourth tiers of the English football league system until 1985 – 86 . During that time , they endured several periods of financial hardship , and in 1985 , their ground suffered a disastrous fire in which 56 people died , on a day the club and their fans were supposed to be celebrating promotion . 
 In 1987 – 88 , the club came close to returning to the top division when they missed out on promotion on the final day of the season . Following relegation back to Division Three , after Geoffrey Richmond became chairman in January 1994 the club 's fortunes were lifted . He helped to take them to their first appearance at Wembley and subsequently into the Premier League , where they played for two seasons . Following Richmond 's self @-@ proclaimed " six weeks of madness " and the collapse of television channel ITV Digital , the club suffered its first spell in administration . Another period under administration followed , and City dropped through the leagues of professional English football back to the bottom tier of The Football League , until promotion in 2012 – 13 brought them back up a division . In January 2013 , City became the first club from the fourth tier of English football since 1962 to reach the Football League Cup final , and the first fourth @-@ tier club ever to reach a major Wembley Cup Final . 
 
 = = Early successes ( 1903 – 19 ) = = 
 
 League football was established in the West Riding of Yorkshire in 1894 when the West Yorkshire League was formed . A year later the Bradford Schools Football and Athletic Association abandoned its rugby roots to adopt the association football code . Several clubs across Bradford , including Bradford ( Park Avenue ) , also adopted the code during the latter years of the 19th century . By 1901 , a team called Bradford City had played in the leagues within the city , playing for two seasons , but disbanded at the end of the 1902 – 03 season . On 30 January 1903 , Scotsman James Whyte , a sub @-@ editor of the Bradford Observer , met with Football Association representative John Brunt at Valley Parade , the home of Manningham Football Club , to discuss establishing a Football League club within the city . Manningham FC were a rugby league club formed in 1880 and became a founding member of the Northern Rugby Football Union in 1895 . A series of meetings was held , and on 29 May 1903 , at the 23rd annual meeting of Manningham FC , the committee decided to leave the rugby code and switch to association football . The Football League , which saw the invitation as a chance to introduce football to the rugby league @-@ dominated area of the West Riding , elected the club , which had been renamed Bradford City , to the league with a total of 30 votes to replace Doncaster Rovers . 
 Bradford City became the first league football team from the county , before they even had a team or played a game . They and Chelsea , who were elected to the league two years later , share the distinction of being the only clubs to join the league without having played a competitive fixture . A summer archery contest , which had been organised to raise money for the rugby league club , was used to finance the new club , and Manningham 's colours of claret and amber were adopted as Bradford City 's kit , but with Manningham 's hoops changed to stripes . 
 Robert Campbell was appointed by a 13 @-@ man sub @-@ committee to be the club 's first secretary @-@ manager from a shortlist of 30 applicants . Secretarial duties were carried out by committee member Whyte , with Campbell 's role more on the playing side . The committee assembled a squad at the cost of £ 917 10s 0d . Their first game was a 2 – 0 defeat away at Grimsby Town on 1 September 1903 , and first home game was six days later against Gainsborough Trinity , played in front of a crowd of 11 @,@ 000 including the Lord Mayor and Lady Mayoress of Bradford . It was not until the third game against Burton United that the club recorded their first victory , on the way to a 10th @-@ place finish in Division Two . The club faced having to apply for re @-@ election in their second season , until five wins in the final six games lifted the club to eighth position . In November 1905 , Peter O 'Rourke , one of the club 's centre @-@ halves , was appointed manager , with his last game as a player coming the following month . He guided City to finishes of 11th and fifth and then earned promotion to Division One in 1907 – 08 . The season had started with an 8 – 1 victory over Chesterfield and included another six victories when City scored five goals or more , before promotion and then the title were assured with successive victories over Derby County and Burnley in April . 
 Ahead of their first campaign in Division One , Bradford City embarked upon their first continental tour ; despite victories over German side Aachen and Belgian club Verviers , the club 's first league victory in the top division did not come until the fifth attempt with a 4 – 1 defeat of Bury . It was their only win in the first 14 games . Results improved in the second half of the season but it was not until a 1 – 0 win on the final game of the season against Manchester United with a goal from Frank O 'Rourke that City prevented an immediate relegation back to Division Two . The following season included a ten @-@ game undefeated spell as Bradford finished seventh , but this was bettered in the 1910 – 11 season , which is Bradford City 's most successful campaign . Their league finish of fifth remains the club 's highest position , and an FA Cup triumph , with a 1 – 0 win over Newcastle United in the 1911 final is the club 's only major honour . The first- and third @-@ round victories were secured with solitary goals from Dicky Bond , but he missed the final four games of the run because of club suspension , the first of which was a 1 – 0 defeat of Burnley in the fourth round in front of 39 @,@ 146 fans , a crowd which remains Valley Parade 's highest attendance . The biggest win of the run came in the semi @-@ finals with a 3 – 0 victory over Blackburn Rovers . City 's supporters were taken to the final in London on 11 special trains , but the game with Newcastle at Crystal Palace ended in a goalless draw and was even described as a " decidedly dull and uneventful game " . The draw meant a replay was necessary . It took place four days later on 26 April 1911 at Old Trafford , Manchester , when a single goal from Jimmy Speirs in the 15th minute gave Bradford a 1 – 0 victory . They were the first winners of a new trophy , appropriately made by Bradford jewellers Fattorini 's . 
 Bradford 's defence of the FA Cup was ended in the fourth round by Barnsley , who went on to succeed Bradford as the holders . The 3 – 2 defeat , played at Bramall Lane , Sheffield , following two draws , brought an end to 11 consecutive clean sheets in the FA Cup — a competition record . The sequence also included a 12th clean sheet in the second replay against Barnsley which was abandoned because of crowd trouble . The cup run had included the first Bradford derby between City and cross @-@ city rivals Bradford ( Park Avenue ) . In the league , City finished 11th , the first of four consecutive mid @-@ table finishes before league football was suspended because of the First World War . City 's FA Cup hero Speirs , who had joined Leeds City , was one of many footballers to lose his life during the war . Bradford City players who died included Bob Torrance , another FA Cup winner , and Evelyn Lintott , as well as several reserve team players . Frank Buckley and Jock Ewart were seriously wounded , and Dicky Bond was taken prisoner @-@ of @-@ war . In 1921 , Bond laid a commemorative wreath on the Cenotaph in memory of his fallen colleagues prior to a league game at Arsenal . 
 
 = = Inter @-@ war years ( 1919 – 38 ) = = 
 
 With several retirements during the war , it was a new @-@ look side that took to the field for the 1919 – 20 season , when league football resumed . The 15th @-@ place finish in the league was City 's lowest since their first season in Division One , and a fourth @-@ round FA Cup exit away at Bristol City was blamed on a pre @-@ game trip to Fry 's chocolate works . It was a position replicated the following season . After ten campaigns in Division One , City were relegated back to Division Two , when they lost all of their final five games of the 1921 – 22 season . It would be 77 years until Bradford City again competed in the top division of English football . 
 Having lost O 'Rourke as manager in 1921 , after he had struggled to cope with the death of his son two years earlier , Bradford 's results suffered back in Division Two . Both Bradford City and Bradford ( Park Avenue ) had been relegated in 1922 , and with the rise of fellow West Yorkshire side Huddersfield Town , attendances in Bradford dropped . City 's average attendance fell from a record high of 22 @,@ 585 in 1920 – 21 to between 12 @,@ 000 and 14 @,@ 000 in Division Two . Five consecutive bottom half finishes culminated in relegation to Division Three ( North ) in 1926 – 27 , when they finished bottom of the table following a then record 8 – 0 defeat to Manchester City on the final day of the season . New manager Colin Veitch missed out on guiding the club to an immediate promotion when they finished sixth , but at the end of the season the players had not been paid and the bank was unable to advance any more money because of the club 's overdraft . Had it not been for donations by fans , Bradford City would not have started the following campaign . A new board was appointed , and they reinstated Peter O 'Rourke as manager . Success was immediate , when the 1928 – 29 season started with a record 11 – 1 victory over Rotherham United , as the side scored a club record 128 goals to earn promotion by just one point . City 's successful team had also brought the fans back and the average attendance of 18 @,@ 551 is the highest average recorded by the club , since 1925 , when The Football League started to keep official records . 
 O 'Rourke left for a second time in May 1930 , after he resigned because he was not allowed to sign a player he wanted . City spent eight seasons back in Division Two but the nearest they came to stepping up to the top flight was in 1933 – 34 when at one point they topped the division . Their sixth @-@ place finish was the highest position since the club had been in Division One and would not be bettered until the 1980s . Relegation back to Division Three ( North ) came in 1936 – 37 . City were runners @-@ up in the Division Three North Challenge Cup a year later before they won the same competition in the last year before league football was again suspended because of war . 
 
 = = Lower divisions ( 1946 – 81 ) = = 
 
 New manager Jack Barker lasted just eight months until he was replaced by former Leeds United player Jack Milburn upon the resumption of league football in 1946 . Milburn led City to fifth position in his first season but only lasted another season himself . With only one team promoted from Division Three ( North ) each season , City remained at that level until they were placed in Division Three in 1958 – 59 after a league re @-@ organisation , following a 20 @-@ year high position of third the previous season . In 1960 , eight years after part of the ground 's Midland Road stand had been closed following examinations of the foundations ordered as a result of the 1946 Burnden Park disaster , the entire stand was closed , leaving the ground with just three stands . After just three years in Division Three , City dropped into Division Four in 1960 – 61 , although that season they did defeat Division One side Manchester United in City 's first ever League Cup tie . United , like many other top flight clubs , would not enter the competition again until six years later . 
 Despite a club record 9 – 1 defeat to Colchester United on 30 December 1961 , City came fifth in 1961 – 62 , thanks to David Layne 's 34 league goals — his total remains a club record for a season — but missed out on promotion by just one point . Layne left for Sheffield Wednesday and City finished 23rd the following season , forcing them to apply for re @-@ election . In 1966 , the club directors moved the pitch 2 @.@ 74 metres ( 3 @.@ 00 yd ) closer to the main stand , creating enough space for them to add a new safe standing area on the Midland Road side of the ground and open all four stands for the first time since 1960 . Attendances continued to drop and a new record low of 1 @,@ 353 was set on 12 May 1966 against Wrexham . It prompted chairman Stafford Heginbotham to hold a crisis meeting in the city 's St George 's Hall to raise new funds and safeguard the future of the club . The club 's indifferent form on the field continued , with another re @-@ election and two narrow promotion failures , before promotion was gained in 1968 – 69 . Only the previous season , City had had three managers , when Grenville Hair , who had replaced Willie Watson , died just two months into his reign , after he collapsed at the end of a training session . 
 Striker Bobby Ham , whose 18 goals had helped City into Division Three , was again top goalscorer the following season , but the club 's stint in Division Three was short @-@ lived . Once Ham , and fellow Bradford @-@ born striker Bruce Bannister , who scored 60 goals during seven seasons with the club , both left , City were relegated back into the bottom division in 1971 – 72 . The spell in Division Three had also been notable for the debut of Ces Podd , who went on to play a record 502 league games during 14 seasons with the club . City spent five seasons back in Division Four . In 1975 – 76 they had their best FA Cup run in more than 50 years after defeating Norwich City , before they were knocked out in the quarter @-@ finals by eventual winners Southampton 1 – 0 . A year later more than 40 goals from the trio of Dominican striker Joe Cooke , Terry Dolan and Don Hutchins helped City to another promotion when they finished in fourth position . The club 's board failed to strengthen the squad the following season , resulting in an instant return to Division Four . Under new manager George Mulhall , City spent three seasons in mid @-@ table , although a late spell of form nearly earned promotion in 1979 – 80 . 
 
 = = Bantam progressivism ( 1981 – 90 ) = = 
 
 In May 1981 , City appointed former England international defender Roy McFarland as their new manager . After starting the 1981 – 82 season with a defeat and a draw , City went top of the table during a run of nine successive league victories , equalling a 30 @-@ year club record . The run came to an end against Sheffield United in front of 13 @,@ 711 fans at Valley Parade , producing then club record gate receipts of £ 17 @,@ 938 . Arctic conditions across Britain meant City played only once during December , but they went back to the top of the Division Four table in January . City finished the season second , five points behind Sheffield United , and were promoted back to Division Three . Three months into the following campaign , McFarland and his assistant Mick Jones handed in their resignation and left for Derby County . Derby had to pay a large fine and compensation to City for poaching the pair . Chairman Bob Martin turned to another England centre @-@ back and appointed Trevor Cherry as McFarland 's replacement from West Yorkshire rivals Leeds United . Cherry and assistant Terry Yorath continued to build on McFarland 's start to the period which would later be called " Bantam Progressivism " by fanzine The City Gent . Despite not recording their first win for more than two months , the pair guided City to 12th position . 
 The club were again in financial difficulties , and in June 1983 , Martin called in the receivers and the club was put up for sale . A Save Bradford City Fund was launched on 24 July , and former chairman Stafford Heginbotham and former board member Jack Tordoff bought the club , forming a new company , and enabling the team to start the new league campaign . Centre forward Bobby Campbell was sold to Derby County to balance the books and John Hawley brought in as his replacement . City struggled on the pitch and won just one of their first 15 games leaving them in the relegation zone . Campbell had played just 11 games during four months with Derby and so he returned to Bradford initially on a loan transfer . His return coincided with a club record ten successive league victories . Campbell finished the season with nine goals , Hawley with 22 , but City finished seventh and missed out on promotion . 
 The good form continued the following season , and from October to mid @-@ December 1984 , City embarked on a 13 @-@ match unbeaten run , during which time Campbell became the club 's all @-@ time leading goalscorer , beating Frank O 'Rourke 's 70 @-@ year @-@ old record . City went top of the division and held onto their lead , opening an 11 @-@ point cushion by February . Promotion was secured in April and the club 's first championship title since 1929 after a 2 – 0 win over Bolton Wanderers . The success was overshadowed when fire ripped through Valley Parade 's main stand 40 minutes into the final game of the season on 11 May 1985 against Lincoln City . A total of 56 people died and the club did not play another game at Valley Parade for nearly 20 months . 
 City instead played home games at Elland Road , Leeds Road and Odsal during the 1985 – 86 season , when they came 13th , and for the first half of the 1986 – 87 campaign . They returned to Valley Parade , which had undergone a £ 2.6m redevelopment , on Boxing Day 1986 against Derby County . After managing the side during the financial hardship and time away from their home ground , Cherry was dismissed only ten days after the return to Valley Parade . Club coach Terry Dolan was appointed as manager and he led the side away from relegation and to a finish of 10th place . By September 1987 , Dolan 's side topped Division Two for the first time in 54 years . They finished fourth after a final day defeat to Ipswich Town and missed out on promotion after they lost to Middlesbrough in the play @-@ offs . Leading players Stuart McCall and John Hendrie , who had both stayed for another season in a bid to take City into Division One , both left , and within two seasons City again dropped into Division Three . In January 1988 Stafford Heginbotham resigned as the Club 's Chairman due to ill health . 
 
 = = Richmond era and administration ( 1990 onwards ) = = 
 
 For three seasons , City finished in mid @-@ table in Division Three and the new Division Two , when the leagues were renamed following the formation of the Premier League . In January 1994 , Geoffrey Richmond took over as chairman . He cleared the debts , loaned the club £ 2 @.@ 3 million , and promised the fans he would take the club to the Premier League within five years . In his first season as chairman , the club finished in seventh place with Frank Stapleton as manager . Stapleton was sacked and was replaced by Lennie Lawrence . Lawrence could only finish 14th in his first season , before he left for Luton Town in November 1995 to be replaced by his assistant Chris Kamara . 
 Kamara secured a play @-@ off spot with a final day victory over Hull City , before City defeated Blackpool in the play @-@ off semi @-@ finals . The final against Notts County was City 's first game at Wembley . Goals from Des Hamilton and Mark Stallard gave them a 2 – 0 win , which secured promotion to Division One . Kamara used 42 players in 1996 – 97 when City avoided relegation with a 3 – 0 victory in the final game against Queens Park Rangers . Kamara was sacked in January 1998 after an FA Cup defeat to Manchester City , when Richmond claimed the manager had taken the club as far as he could . Richmond again elevated from within and Paul Jewell , who had been at the club since 1988 , was installed as manager , originally on a caretaker basis . He was appointed full @-@ time in May 1998 and Richmond backed his new appointment with a multi @-@ million transfer budget . Jewell signed strikers Lee Mills , from Port Vale and Isaiah Rankin , from Arsenal , for £ 1 million and £ 1 @.@ 3 million respectively , and signed former captain Stuart McCall from Rangers on a free transfer to lead the side . Despite a poor start , the club secured promotion to the top division for the first time in 77 years with a 3 – 2 victory over Wolverhampton Wanderers in the final game of the 1998 – 99 season . 
 City 's success meant that Dean Windass , who had signed from Oxford United in March , became the club 's third £ 1 million signing of the season . Windass had originally been signed for £ 950 @,@ 000 , but an additional fee of £ 50 @,@ 000 was paid to Oxford because of City 's promotion . Jewell broke the club 's transfer record to add a fourth seven @-@ figure signing when he paid £ 1 @.@ 4 million to Leeds United for David Wetherall . Jewell added other senior players including Neil Redfearn and Dean Saunders , prompting the media to call his team " Dad 's Army " . When City defeated Middlesbrough 1 – 0 with a late goal from Saunders , his goal celebration mocked the critics ' comments . City failed to win another game until their eighth game of the season , and Sky Sports pundit Rodney Marsh said they would be relegated and promised to shave off his hair at a home game if they avoided such a fate . A run of nine home games without defeat and consecutive victories in April gave City hope of avoiding relegation on the final day of the season . A final day 1 – 0 victory over Liverpool , with a goal from Wetherall , who had played every minute of the season , and Wimbledon 's defeat , meant City survived with a record low of 36 points . 
 Less than two months after City stayed up , Jewell left to join Sheffield Wednesday , to be replaced by his assistant , Chris Hutchings . The club entered the Intertoto Cup , the first time they had competed in a European competition , in which they were defeated by FC Zenit Saint Petersburg in the semi @-@ finals . Richmond gave Hutchings more money than Jewell to spend in the transfer market , and Bradford paid a club record £ 2 @.@ 5 million for David Hopkin and £ 1 @.@ 5 million for Ashley Ward , and signed Italian striker Benito Carbone on wages of £ 40 @,@ 000 per week . Richmond also continued to re @-@ develop the ground , which increased the capacity to 25 @,@ 136 , but later referred to his spending as his " six weeks of madness " . In their second season in the Premier League , City struggled for form and Hutchings was sacked after a start to the season in which he recorded just one victory from 12 league games . Under new manager Jim Jefferies , the club were unable to avoid relegation , which was confirmed with a 2 – 1 defeat at Everton , when they missed two penalties , before finishing the season with just 26 points . 
 Jefferies was sacked in December 2001 following a training ground rift with captain McCall . Nicky Law was appointed his successor , and the club finished the season in 15th place . During the summer , with debts of nearly £ 13 million — as a result of the collapse of ITV Digital and the fall @-@ out from Richmond 's self @-@ proclaimed " six weeks of madness " — the club were forced into administration . The players were all released , but Carbone waived much of the money owed to him , to help the club survive under new owners Julian Rhodes and Gordon Gibb . City fulfilled their fixtures during the 2002 – 03 season but finished 19th . 
 Former England captain Bryan Robson took over as new manager during the following season , but , under his management , City won only seven games from 28 and were relegated in 23rd place . Robson left and was replaced by his assistant Colin Todd . The club went into administration for a second time , but Todd led them to 11th in each of the following two seasons . Following fan pressure and a poor run of results , Rhodes sacked Todd on 12 February 2007 , with City just three points above the relegation zone . Wetherall was appointed player @-@ manager on a temporary basis and then for the rest of the season , but City were relegated following a 3 – 0 defeat to Chesterfield . During the summer of 2007 , former midfielder Stuart McCall returned as manager with City in the bottom tier for the first time in 25 years . He set himself a target of earning promotion back to League One in his first season , but twice missed out on promotion before he left the club in February 2010 with City lying 16th in League Two . 
 In January 2013 , City became the first club from the fourth tier of English football since Rochdale in 1962 to reach the Football League Cup final , and the first fourth tier club ever to reach a major Wembley Cup Final . They defeated three Premier League sides en route to the final – Wigan Athletic 4 – 2 on penalties in the fourth round , Arsenal 3 – 2 on penalties in the quarter @-@ finals and Aston Villa 4 – 3 on aggregate over the two legs of the semi @-@ final . They met Premier League side Swansea City in the final at Wembley , but lost 0 – 5 . On 18 May 2013 , the club returned to Wembley where they defeated Northampton Town 3 – 0 in the League Two Playoff Final to secure a place in League One for 2013 – 14 . On 24 January 2015 , Bradford City caused an upset by beating Premier League leaders Chelsea 4 – 2 away in the FA Cup . The victory sent Bradford through to the fifth round for the first time in 18 years . There , they defeated another top @-@ flight team , Sunderland , to reach their first FA Cup semi @-@ final since 1976 , in front of their biggest home crowd for 50 years . 
 
 
 = Aerith Gainsborough = 
 
 Aerith Gainsborough ( Japanese : エアリス ・ ゲインズブール , Hepburn : Earisu Geinzubūru ) — transliterated Aeris Gainsborough in the English releases of Final Fantasy VII and Final Fantasy Tactics — is a player character in Square 's ( now Square Enix ) role @-@ playing video game Final Fantasy VII . She was designed by Tetsuya Nomura with influence from Yoshinori Kitase , Hironobu Sakaguchi and Yoshitaka Amano . 
 In Final Fantasy VII , she is a young woman who joins the eco @-@ terrorist organization AVALANCHE . As the story progresses , AVALANCHE begin to pursue the game 's antagonist Sephiroth , and the player learns that she is the last surviving Cetra , or " Ancient " , one of the planet 's oldest races . She has also appeared in the later @-@ released Compilation of Final Fantasy VII and Kingdom Hearts series . 
 Her voice actor is Maaya Sakamoto in Japanese . In English releases , her voice actors are singer and actress Mandy Moore in Kingdom Hearts , actress Mena Suvari in Kingdom Hearts II and Final Fantasy VII Advent Children , and actress Andrea Bowen in Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII . The character and the events surrounding her death in Final Fantasy VII have met with an overall positive reception from critics and fans . 
 
 = = Appearances = = 
 
 
 = = = Final Fantasy VII = = = 
 
 Aerith Gainsborough is first introduced as a flower seller , when she briefly converses with Cloud Strife , a mercenary working for the anti @-@ government group AVALANCHE , who are fleeing from the bombing of a Mako reactor . The two later meet in Aerith 's church in the Sector 5 slums , where she is faced with the possibility of capture by the Turks . Aerith asks Cloud to be her bodyguard for the cost of one date . She is eventually apprehended , but is ultimately rescued by Cloud and his allies . Aerith then joins them in the pursuit of Sephiroth , while also embarking on her own journey of self @-@ discovery . 
 After a failed attempt to foil Sephiroth 's theft of the Black Materia , Aerith ventures alone into the Forgotten City . Cloud and his companions give chase , eventually finding her praying at an altar . As Aerith looks up to smile at Cloud , Sephiroth appears and kills her by impaling her through the torso . Cloud carries Aerith 's body out into a lake in the Forgotten City , and releases her back to the Planet . Reeve Tuesti , the head of Shinra Urban and Development , brings the news of her death to Elmyra Gainsborough , Aerith 's adoptive mother . The party later learns the reason for Aerith being in the Forgotten City ; through her White Materia , Aerith was able to summon Holy , the only force capable of repelling the ultimate destructive magic , Meteor , which has been summoned by Sephiroth . Although Aerith successfully cast Holy before her death , it is held back by the power of Sephiroth 's will . When Sephiroth is finally defeated and Holy is released , it appears that it is too late to function as effectively as it should , as Meteor has already come too near to the Planet 's surface . While Holy clashes with Meteor , attempting to prevent its impact , the gravity of both Meteor and the Planet pulling on Holy in opposite directions weakens it . Aerith is seen praying with both hands interlocked whilst urging the lifestream to ultimately defend the planet . The Planet 's Lifestream then flows forth , intervening between Holy and Meteor , and acting as a battering ram while aiding in the destruction of Meteor . 
 
 = = = Compilation of Final Fantasy VII = = = 
 
 In Before Crisis : Final Fantasy VII , set several years prior to the events of Final Fantasy VII , Aerith becomes the target of the original incarnation of AVALANCHE , led by Elfé , who seek to prevent Shinra from acquiring the last surviving Cetra . Instead , AVALANCHE intend to use her to learn the whereabouts of the Promised Land for their own purposes , although a member of the Turks tries to protect her . 
 Aerith makes several appearances in the CGI film Final Fantasy VII : Advent Children , as Cloud 's spiritual guide , urging him to move on with his life and to forgive himself for the tragedies that were beyond his control , telling him that she never blamed him for her death . During their spiritual reunion , Aerith speaks to Cloud in an open meadow laden with flowers , cheerfully and kindheartedly poking fun at how he needlessly burdens himself with the past . However , she also acknowledges his suffering and offers kind words of support . One of Aerith 's interactions with Cloud comes when each member of the original game 's party helps in Cloud 's final attack against Bahamut SIN ; she appears as the last party member to assist Cloud . She also appears in the final scene of the movie , along with Zack Fair , where she gives Cloud more words of encouragement before she and Zack walk into the light . Near the end of the film , it is discovered that water mixed with the Lifestream flows beneath the flowerbed in Aerith 's church , which manifests itself as a cure for Geostigma . 
 The On the Way to a Smile novella " Case of the Lifestream – Black & White " focuses on Aerith and Sephiroth 's respective journeys through the Lifestream after the end of the game but before the events of the film . The " Black " section deals with Sephiroth , the " White " section with Aerith . 
 Aerith also appears in the prequel game Crisis Core : Final Fantasy VII . At the age of 16 , she meets Zack , for whom she develops feelings during his stay in Midgar . Aerith and Zack develop a romantic relationship , but Zack is killed at the end of Crisis Core after being held in a Mako chamber for four years in the Shinra Mansion basement . During those years , Aerith helped her adopted mother earn a living by growing and selling flowers , a job that results in her meeting Cloud at the beginning of Final Fantasy VII . 
 
 = = = Other appearances = = = 
 
 Aerith 's character has appeared in several games outside of the Final Fantasy VII continuity . In Final Fantasy Tactics , she appears as a flower girl ; when a group of criminals harasses her , Cloud appears and the player engages in battle with the group , letting her escape . Itadaki Street Special features a playable version of Aerith , as well as other Final Fantasy VII characters Tifa Lockhart , Cloud Strife , and Sephiroth . She also appears in Itadaki Street Portable with the same characters from Special , with the addition of Yuffie Kisaragi . While not playable , Aerith appears in the fighting game Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy as an assistant character . She is also featured in the rhythm game Theatrhythm Final Fantasy as a sub @-@ character representing Final Fantasy VII . In LittleBigPlanet 2 , Aerith is featured as a downloadable character model . 
 Aerith makes an appearance in the Kingdom Hearts series as a member of a group dedicated to defeating the Heartless ; the group also includes other Final Fantasy VII characters and Leon of Final Fantasy VIII . In the plot of Kingdom Hearts , Aerith suggests a method for defeating the Heartless to protagonists Donald Duck , Goofy and Sora . Throughout the game , she also gives advice to the player . She also appears in Kingdom Hearts : Chain of Memories as a perceptive figment of Sora 's memories . Aerith returns in Kingdom Hearts II , wearing a modified version of her dress from Before Crisis . She , Leon and Yuffie run a restoration committee for the town of Hollow Bastion . 
 Hoshi o Meguru Otome ( Maiden who Travels the Planet ) , a novel written by Benny Matsuyama which appears in the Final Fantasy VII Ultimania Ω guide , follows Aerith 's journey through the Lifestream immediately after her death in Final Fantasy VII . Aerith is mentioned in a graffiti in the subway station early in the animated film Wreck @-@ It Ralph ; the graffiti reads " Aerith Lives " . 
 
 = = Concept and creation = = 
 
 Aerith was designed by Tetsuya Nomura , with influence from director and scenario writer Yoshinori Kitase and Hironobu Sakaguchi , whilst Yoshitaka Amano created conceptual artwork which also helped to influence her design . She has green eyes and long brown hair tied in a braid with a pink ribbon . She wears a long pink dress , a bolero jacket , and brown hiking boots . The long dress was designed to appear ladylike and as a contrast to Tifa Lockhart 's miniskirt . During development , Aerith was supposed to be Sephiroth 's sister as both designs resembled each other , but they were made former lovers with Aerith remembering Sephiroth when meeting Cloud as both are ex @-@ SOLDIERS . Late during development , Aerith 's first love was changed to Zack Fair . 
 Her green eyes were meant to symbolize nature and also served as another contrast to Tifa 's brown eyes . Nomura did not change much of Aerith 's design for Advent Children , but her design was updated in Kingdom Hearts with the removal of her bolero jacket , which made her attire appear more as Amano had originally drawn her . Other changes included the addition of bracelets and a belt . Nomura modified her dress in Before Crisis , adding white and green colors , and this version was also used as the basis for her design in Kingdom Hearts II . 
 Aerith 's original Japanese name is エアリス Earisu , pronounced [ eaɽisu ̥ ] . This was transliterated to " Aeris " in Final Fantasy VII and Final Fantasy Tactics , but in later products has been changed to " Aerith " . Both transliterations have basis , as the Japanese " su " ( ス ) is used when transcribing " s " ( / s / ) and " th " ( / θ / ) to Japanese . However , official Japanese material uses the spelling " Aerith " , and developers have stated that " Aerith " is a near @-@ anagram of " Earth " . Prior to the game 's release , Western gaming magazines , such as the May 1996 issue of Computer and Video Games , also referred to her as " Aerith " . 
 In early planning stages of Final Fantasy VII , Aerith was to be one of only three protagonists ; herself , Cloud and Barret . During a phone call to Kitase , it was suggested that at some point in the game , one of the main characters should die , and after much discussion as to whether it should be Barret or Aerith , the producers chose Aerith . Nomura stated in a 2005 Electronic Gaming Monthly interview : " Cloud 's the main character , so you can 't really kill him . And Barrett ... [ sic ] well , that 's maybe too obvious . " While designing Final Fantasy VII , Nomura was frustrated with the " perennial cliché where the protagonist loves someone very much and so has to sacrifice himself and die in a dramatic fashion to express that love . " He found this trope appeared in both films and video games from North America and Japan , and asked " Is it right to set such an example to people ? " Kitase concluded : " In the real world things are very different . You just need to look around you . Nobody wants to die that way . People die of disease and accident . Death comes suddenly and there is no notion of good or bad . It leaves , not a dramatic feeling but great emptiness . When you lose someone you loved very much you feel this big empty space and think , ' If I had known this was coming I would have done things differently . ' These are the feelings I wanted to arouse in the players with Aerith 's death relatively early in the game . Feelings of reality and not Hollywood . " 
 According to Nomura , " death should be something sudden and unexpected , and Aerith 's death seemed more natural and realistic . " He said : " When I reflect on Final Fantasy VII , the fact that fans were so offended by her sudden death probably means that we were successful with her character . If fans had simply accepted her death , that would have meant she wasn 't an effective character . " From the original release of the game , rumors have circulated that Aerith can be resurrected in or that the original plan was to have her come back , but this was scrapped in development . Nomura has categorically stated that neither of these rumors were ever true ; " the world was expecting us to bring her back to life , as this is the classic convention . " A lengthy petition asking for Aerith 's revival by Japanese players was sent to Kitase , but he dismissed it , pointing out that " there are many meanings in Aerith 's death and [ her revival ] could never happen . " 
 
 = = Musical theme = = 
 
 A leitmotif associated with Aerith is played several times throughout Final Fantasy VII ; it is first heard during the flashback scenes with Aerith 's mother at her house , and is repeated as she is killed by Sephiroth . It was composed by famed Final Fantasy composer Nobuo Uematsu . The piece " Flowers Blooming in the Church " is based on it . 
 " Aerith 's Theme " is very popular among Final Fantasy fans , and has inspired an orchestral version , a piano version , and a vocal version performed by the artist Rikki ( who also performed " Suteki Da Ne " for Final Fantasy X ) . A piano arrangement of the theme appears twice in Advent Children , and the track " Water " also echoes shades of the theme : the opening phrase of " Aerith 's Theme " appears just prior to the climax of the track " Divinity II " , which shortly thereafter includes as its final line the Latin phrase " Sola Dea fatum novit " ( " Only the goddess knows fate " ) , and is also featured during the end credits of the film . It also has been reinterpreted on the OverClocked ReMix Final Fantasy VII compilation Voices of the Lifestream . In 2013 , " Aerith 's Theme " achieved the third place in the Classic FM Hall of Fame . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Aerith has received an overall positive reception from critics . GamesTM referred to her as a " gaming legend . " RPGamer 's Stuart Hoggan opined that although Aerith " represented the token damsel in distress , " she " broke the mould in terms of personality , " possessing " an admirable pluck that was not brassy nor off @-@ putting . " In 2007 , she was included in Tom 's Games list of top 50 greatest female characters in video game history , for her death scene and the beauty of her appearance and personality . That same year , she was named the fifth best character of all time in Dengeki PlayStation 's retrospective awards feature about the original PlayStation . IGN ranked her the number two in their top Final Fantasy VII character list – a rank higher than the game 's protagonist , Cloud Strife . GameTrailers ranked her at the top of their list of " babes who are out of your league " in 2010 . Heath Hooker of GameZone ranked Aerith as fifth on his 2012 top list of Final Fantasy characters and wrote she " has become an icon in not only the Final Fantasy series , but also in video game history . " Her relation with Cloud has also received positive response , including the two being listed in IGN 's article about the best video game romances . 
 Her death in Final Fantasy VII has received a great deal of attention . According to GamesTM , her death helped establish the popularity of Final Fantasy VII . Players commented on message boards and blogs about the emotional impact the scene held . Fans submitted a petition to Yoshinori Kitase requesting her return . GameSpy numbers her demise as the 10th greatest cinematic moments in video game history , while its readers voted it the second most cinematic moment . GamePro considers her death sequence to be the greatest of all gaming moments . Tom 's Games called the scene " one of the most powerful and memorable scenes of the Final Fantasy series — or any other game , for that matter . " Edge called her death the " dramatic highpoint " of Final Fantasy VII , and suggested that reintroducing her through the Compilation of Final Fantasy VII titles " arguably undermines this great moment . " In 2005 , Electronic Gaming Monthly listed Final Fantasy VII number six in their list of ten most important games , stating that without this game , " Aeris wouldn 't have died , and gamers wouldn 't have learned how to cry . " ScrewAttack has added Aerith 's death to their top 10 " OMGWTF " moments , referring to it as one of the " touchiest moments in video game history . " In 2011 , IGN ranked her death scene at No. 1 in its list of top video game moments . In 2012 , PlayStation Magazine included it among the ten most emotional PlayStation moments . 
 The character is also popular among gamers , especially Japanese and fans of the Final Fantasy series . Aerith has been included in most of GameFAQs ' " Character Battle " contests , though she progressed only a few rounds each time . In 2010 , Famitsu readers voted Aerith as the 24th best video game character . In 2013 , Aerith was voted the second favorite female Final Fantasy character in an official poll by Square Enix . That same year , Complex ranked her as the seventh greatest Final Fantasy character of all time . 
 
 
 = Forbidden Fruit ( J. Cole song ) = 
 
 " Forbidden Fruit " is a song by American hip hop recording artist J. Cole . The song was sent to radio stations in August 2013 , as the third official single from Cole 's second studio album , Born Sinner ( 2013 ) . " Forbidden Fruit " was produced by Cole himself and features a guest appearance from frequent collaborator and fellow American rapper Kendrick Lamar , who contributes vocals to the song 's hook . The song features a sample of American jazz musician Ronnie Foster 's " Mystic Brew " , most recognized from its use on hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest 's " Electric Relaxation " . The song was met with mixed reviews from music critics . " Forbidden Fruit " would peak at number 46 on the Billboard Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 " Forbidden Fruit " was the last song recorded and produced by J. Cole for his second album , Born Sinner ( 2013 ) . It was recorded as a replacement for another song which Cole was forced to remove from the album 's track listing after failing to obtain sample clearance from the estate of Jimi Hendrix . The song 's production is based around a looped sample of American jazz musician Ronnie Foster 's " Mystic Brew " , which was also famously sampled by hip hop group A Tribe Called Quest on their 1993 song " Electric Relaxation " . Cole was inspired to incorporate the Foster sample into " Forbidden Fruit " after hearing " Electric Relaxation " , saying : 
 I was like , " Oh , man . What if ? " You know what I mean ? Like , " What if I could just do it my way ? " You know what I mean ? It 's such a classic and people are so afraid to touch classics . And I was just like , " What if I could flip it ? " So I just went and found the original sample . 
 American rapper Kendrick Lamar is featured on " Forbidden Fruit " , which is the only track on the standard edition of Born Sinner with a fellow rapper credited as a featured artist . Lamar does not rap a verse on the song ; he instead contributes vocals to its refrain . " Forbidden Fruit " contains lyrics referencing Born Sinner 's release date coinciding with that of Yeezus by American rapper Kanye West . 
 
 = = Release and promotion = = 
 
 At the June 24 , 2013 stop in Houston , Texas on the Dollar and a Dream concert tour , J. Cole brought out Kendrick Lamar to perform the song , along with the J. Cole @-@ produced " HiiiPower " . In June 2013 , MTV reported that " Forbidden Fruit " would be released as the third single from Born Sinner . On August 1 , 2013 , the song impacted American mainstream urban radio . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 " Forbidden Fruit " received mixed reviews from critics . Erin Lowers of Exclaim ! cited the song as one of the album 's standout tracks , saying that it " embodies a silent confidence , paying homage to a legendary group while speaking on releasing an album the same day as Kanye West , bringing Born Sinner full @-@ circle . " Julia Leconte of Now praised Cole 's sampling of " Mystic Brew " as done " exceptionally well " and named " Forbidden Fruit " the best track from Born Sinner . David Jeffries of AllMusic expressed a similar sentiment , writing that " Forbidden Fruit " is driven by its " Blue Note @-@ inspired " backbeats . 
 August Brown of the Los Angeles Times gave the song a negative review , commenting that " Kendrick Lamar somehow packs more personality into a halfhearted hook on ' Forbidden Fruit ' than Cole gets in the song " . Phillip Mlynar of Spin felt that " [ the song 's ] quirky bass line and warm @-@ keys motif are so recognizable that it 's a brow @-@ furrowing challenge to hear anything other than Q @-@ Tip and Phife 's original vocals in the space between the beat and the new raps . " Mlynar further stated that " Cole himself ( along with Kendrick Lamar 's guest spot ) ends up evaporating entirely — he 's upstaged by loftier artists who aren 't even there . " Contrarily , Ali Shaheed Muhammad of A Tribe Called Quest expressed his appreciation for Cole 's production : " [ He ] didn 't like try to do what was already done . [ He ] brought other parts to the sample that you caught that I was like , ' Oh , nice ! ' " 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits adapted from the liner notes of Born Sinner . 
 J. Cole – lead vocals , songwriting , production 
 Ronnie Foster – songwriting , sample credit 
 Ron Gilmore – keyboards 
 Juro " Mez " Davis – mixing 
 Kendrick Lamar – guest vocals 
 
 = = Chart performance = = 
 
 
 = = Radio history = = 
 
 
 
 = Old Pine Church = 
 
 Old Pine Church ( also historically known as Mill Church , Nicholas Church , and Pine Church ) is a mid @-@ 19th century church near Purgitsville , West Virginia . It is among the earliest extant log churches in Hampshire County , along with Capon Chapel and Mount Bethel Church . 
 The church was constructed in 1838 to serve as a nondenominational " union church " . As many of the Mill Creek valley 's earliest settlers were of German descent , Old Pine Church may also have been built as a meeting place for Schwarzenau Brethren adherents , known as " Dunkers " or " Dunkards " . The church is believed to have also been a meeting place for German Methodist settlers . By 1870 , the church was primarily used by the Brethren denomination , and in 1878 , the church 's congregation split into White Pine Church of the Brethren and Old Pine Church congregations . Both congregations continued to use the church until 1907 . 
 Old Pine Church reportedly housed a school in the early 20th century while still serving as a center for worship . In 1968 , residents of the Purgitsville community raised the necessary funds to perform a restoration of the church . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 , 2012 , due to its " significant settlement @-@ era rural religious architecture in the Potomac Highlands . " 
 The church is a large , one @-@ story , gablefront log building sheathed in brown @-@ painted wooden German siding . The original hewn log beams are visible beneath the church , with some bark remaining on the logs . The church 's interior ceiling measures approximately 15 feet ( 4 @.@ 6 metres ) in height and is clad in pressed metal panels . Several of its pews date from 1857 . In the church 's adjoining cemetery , the earliest extant gravestone dates from 1834 , and several unmarked interment sites may exist from as early as 1759 . According to architectural historian Sandra Scaffidi , " Old Pine Church and cemetery is an excellent example of one of the area 's early rural church complexes . " 
 
 = = Location = = 
 
 Old Pine Church and its cemetery are located along the steeply sloped Old Pine Church Road ( West Virginia Secondary Route 220 / 15 ) , approximately 1 @.@ 66 miles ( 2 @.@ 67 kilometres ) south of the unincorporated community of Purgitsville . The church and cemetery are situated on 2 @.@ 3 acres ( 0 @.@ 93 hectares ) atop a bluff to the west of United States Route 220 , at an elevation of 1 @,@ 129 feet ( 344 metres ) . The property is surrounded by old @-@ growth forests . 
 The church is in a rural area of southwestern Hampshire County within the Mill Creek valley . Patterson Creek Mountain , a forested narrow anticlinal mountain ridge , rises to the west of Mill Creek valley , and the forested western rolling foothills of the anticlinal Mill Creek Mountain rise to the valley 's east . The Trough on the South Branch Potomac River is located across Mill Creek Mountain , approximately 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) to the east of the church . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 Old Pine Church 's land tract was originally part of the Northern Neck Proprietary , a land grant that Charles II of England awarded to seven of his supporters in 1649 and renewed by an official patent in 1688 . One of these seven supporters , Thomas Colepeper , 2nd Baron Colepeper , acquired the entire area in 1681 ; his grandson , Thomas Fairfax , 6th Lord Fairfax of Cameron , inherited it in 1719 . 
 The church is in the Mill Creek valley . As tensions with Native Americans were beginning to ease , Lord Fairfax sought to entice white settlers to the sparsely settled lands of his Northern Neck Proprietary . The valley was one of the first parts of present @-@ day Hampshire County to be settled by whites , beginning in the mid @-@ 18th century . Settlers were drawn by the valley 's fertility . As the valley 's population grew , the unincorporated community of Purgitsville developed along Mill Creek as a trading post village ; it was named for Henry Purgitt ( or Purgate ) , who acquired 400 acres ( 160 ha ) in the Mill Creek valley on January 7 , 1785 , and received a further land transfer of 137 acres ( 55 ha ) in 1794 . Purgitsville continued to develop throughout the course of the 19th century , during which time it grew to include a small store , a post office , and a blacksmith shop . 
 
 = = = Establishment = = = 
 
 The dates of the earliest church cannot be verified , but a church building may have been constructed at the site of Old Pine Church as early as around 1814 , and possibly as early as 1792 . 
 On September 24 , 1838 , William Pomkrotz and his wife , Milly , deeded a tract of land to a group of trustees , charged with constructing " a church or house for public worship for the use and convenience of Ministers and others of the Christians [ sic ] Denominations Whatsoever " . While the deed mentioned an existing meeting house on the site , there is no extant evidence of a prior structure . According to architectural historian Sandra Scaffidi , no particular Christian denomination received sole ownership of the edifice , which suggests that the church was intended to serve as a nondenominational " union church " . The church 's earliest resident minister was reportedly Nicholas Leatherman , whose wife , Elizabeth High , was the daughter of George High , one of the church 's original trustees . 
 
 = = = Brethren affiliation = = = 
 
 Few records of the church 's history exist , possibly because no single denomination or organization took ownership . Several Christian denominations held meetings at Old Pine Church , including the Schwarzenau Brethren ( or German Baptist Brethren ) , which began holding services at the church in the late 19th century . As many of the Mill Creek valley 's settlers were of German descent , the Old Pine Church structure may also have been built as a meeting place for Brethren adherents , known as " Dunkers " or " Dunkards " . It is believed that Old Pine Church was also used by German Methodists . The Brethren was a Christian denomination of Anabaptist origin that practiced baptism by triune immersion and exercised nonresistance . Triune immersion consists of dipping a new believer into water three times , once for each of the entities of the Holy Trinity . Brethren adherents believed only in the New Testament , and professed no other creeds . The interior of Old Pine Church , which consists of a single common space for all worshippers , also illustrates the building 's connection with the Brethren and the denomination 's beliefs regarding slavery . According to the minutes from the 1782 meeting of the Brethren in Franklin County , Virginia , " It has been unanimously considered that it cannot be permitted in any way by the church that a member should purchase Negroes or keep them as Slaves . " While many residents in Hampshire County prior to the American Civil War were slaveholders , it is thought that Brethren adherents in the county did not own slaves or depend upon slave labor . 
 The Brethren denomination had been present in the South Branch Potomac River valley from as early as the 1750s although records of early Brethren congregations are not extant , possibly because they were served by itinerant ministers . As early as 1785 , two brothers with the surname of Powers led a Brethren congregation in the area . In Dr. Emmert F. Bittinger 's historical research on the Brethren Church in Hampshire County in his Allegheny Passage ( 1990 ) , it is noted that the Church of the Brethren denomination recognized Old Pine Church as belonging to the larger Beaver Run congregation , which was centered approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south of Old Pine Church . The Beaver Run congregation was the first organization of the Brethren in Hampshire County . Old Pine Church and its predecessor structures were probably utilized by members of the Beaver Run congregation because the distance between the northern region of the valley and the church on Beaver Run was too great to traverse easily . Thus , Old Pine Church began as a mission of the Beaver Run congregation . Because of its location in the vicinity of the Hardy County boundary line , the district served by the church spanned both counties . 
 By 1870 , Old Pine Church was primarily used by the Brethren denomination . Around 1870 , the Nicholas congregation of Brethren was worshiping at the church and was led by Dr. Leatherman . According to the Beaver Run Church Book , membership at Old Pine Church was 78 in 1879 and numbered 100 in 1881 . The Beaver Run congregation modified its district 's boundaries in 1879 , which may have resulted in a division of the congregation at Old Pine Church into two factions : White Pine Church of the Brethren and Old Pine Church . Both churches continued to worship at Old Pine Church at different times . White Pine Church of the Brethren worshiped at the church from the 1870s until the construction of their own church building in 1907 . By 1897 , Old Pine Church remained under collective ownership by several Christian denominations although the Brethren were the church 's largest shareholders . White Pine Church of the Brethren remained listed in the Brethren Conference Minutes as " Pine Church " until 1912 , when members of the church petitioned the Brethren Conference to change their name from " Pine " to " White Pine " . 
 Old Pine Church reportedly housed a school in the early 20th century while still serving as a center for worship . A small one @-@ room addition to the church was constructed to the north façade of the building , which served as the boarding room for the school 's teacher . The Old Pine Church also continued to be used for funeral services and reunions . 
 
 = = = Restoration = = = 
 
 In 1968 , residents of the Purgitsville community raised the necessary funds to restore Old Pine Church : the church 's original windows were repaired and the unpainted weatherboards painted ; a new roof was installed and the original wood floor replaced . The boarding room addition was probably removed ( nothing of it now remains ) and the pressed metal ceiling may have been added . 
 
 = = = Current use = = = 
 
 As of 2012 , Old Pine Church is still used for community gatherings , funeral services , revival meetings , and an annual church service . Regular church services have not taken place in the church since the middle of the 20th century . The church 's adjacent cemetery also continues to be used for burials . Throughout its existence , Old Pine Church has been known by various names , including " Mill Church " , " Nicholas Church " , and simply " Pine Church " . 
 In 2008 , the Hampshire County Historic Landmarks Commission and the Hampshire County Commission embarked upon an initiative to place structures and districts on the National Register of Historic Places following a series of surveys of historic properties throughout the county . The county received funding for the surveying and documentation of Hampshire County architecture and history from the State Historic Preservation Office of the West Virginia Division of Culture and History . Old Pine Church was one of the first eight historic properties to be considered for placement on the register as a result of the county 's initiative . The other seven properties were : Capon Chapel , Fort Kuykendall , Hickory Grove , Hook Tavern , North River Mills Historic District , Springfield Brick House , and Valley View . According to Hampshire County Commission 's compliance officer , Charles Baker , places of worship were not typically selected for inclusion in the register ; Old Pine Church and Capon Chapel were exceptions because both " started out as meeting houses " . Old Pine Church was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on December 12 , 2012 , because of its " significant settlement @-@ era rural religious architecture in the Potomac Highlands " . 
 
 = = Architecture = = 
 
 
 = = = Church exterior = = = 
 
 Old Pine Church is a large , one @-@ story , gablefront log building . Its symmetrical front façade faces west and encompasses a main entrance consisting of a double set of four @-@ paneled doors . The main entrance is reached by two concrete steps , on either side of which is a modern metal handrail . Above the entrance is a small wooden sign painted white reading " Old Pine Church " in black lettering . On either side of the doors are two nine @-@ over @-@ six double @-@ hung sash wooden windows . 
 Placed symmetrically in the north and south sides of the church are two nine @-@ over @-@ six double @-@ hung sash wooden windows . Between the two windows on the church 's north elevation is an exterior concrete block chimney . The layout of the east @-@ facing rear elevation of the church is also symmetrical , and features three nine @-@ over @-@ six double @-@ hung sash wooden windows , with the center window placed above and between the other two windows . The church 's windows have been repaired using materials consistent with original construction . 
 At the base of each of the church 's four corners is a large uncut stone pier . Fieldstones span the church 's perimeter foundations , which were added at a later date to discourage intrusion by animals . The original hewn log beams , still retaining bark , can be seen under the church . The church is covered with brown @-@ painted wooden German siding and is crowned by a modern standing @-@ seam metal roof . 
 Architectural historian Sandra Scaffidi states that the simple form and construction of Old Pine Church are indicative of the early settlers ' access to materials and are an example of the log construction techniques used in the religious architecture of Hampshire County 's earliest settlers . She adds that Old Pine Church is representative of a " simple design and form common to the early ecclesiastical buildings " and an " excellent example of one of the area 's early rural church complexes " . 
 
 = = = Church interior = = = 
 
 The church 's interior exhibits an open architectural plan . A plain wooden frame pulpit stands against the rear wall , underneath the middle window . The church 's floor consists of pine boards installed during the church 's 1968 restoration . 
 The church 's ceiling , measuring approximately 15 feet ( 4 @.@ 6 m ) in height , is clad in pressed metal panels . A small opening allows for access to the church 's attic . The unadorned window wells measure approximately 1 foot ( 0 @.@ 30 m ) . The interior walls are covered in plasterboard , which remains unfinished . 
 The church 's small wood @-@ burning stove originally occupied the center of the sanctuary but was moved to the church 's north wall in later years . It continues to serve as the church 's sole source of heat . 
 Several of the church 's pews date from 1857 and remain in use . The pews , quite simple in form , have a " minimalist appearance " . Each pew consists of a long wooden plank that serves as the seat , with a thin rail supported by three spindles as the backrest . The pews are supported by three arched supports joined to the seat by a mortise and tenon joint and reinforced with nails . The newer pews exhibit identical design elements but are constructed with modern nails and timber . Though most of the pews are arranged against the church 's west elevation with a center aisle , two are along the north elevation and four are along the south elevation . The pulpit is situated at the east elevation . There is an upright piano in the northeastern corner of the church . 
 
 = = Cemetery = = 
 
 Old Pine Church is surrounded on three sides by a cemetery containing approximately 200 interments , the oldest section of which is located to the immediate east and south of the church building . The earliest remaining gravestone dates from 1834 , but several unmarked interment sites in the surrounding cemetery may date from as early as 1759 . The church 's sign along U.S. Route 220 erroneously lists the date of the cemetery 's oldest interment sites as 1792 . 
 The cemetery 's headstones are oriented both to the east and to the west . The majority are simple in design , inscribed with birth and death dates , and consist of a combination of rounded , arched stones , rectangular stones , and pyramidal @-@ shaped obelisks that appear to be cut from limestone . In the cemetery 's southern section are several small rectangular stones that probably serve as footstones . Beginning around 1950 , the gravestones erected in the cemetery became more intricate with polished granite surfaces lying atop rough @-@ cut stone foundations . 
 Old Pine Church 's cemetery is surrounded by several mature trees , with a large oak tree overhanging the southwestern area of the cemetery . Outside of the National Register of Historic Places boundary to the northwest of Old Pine Church lies a second parcel of land acquired around 1950 for additional burials . The cemetery is enclosed by a chicken wire fence supported by wooden posts , with a large gate to the north of the church which allows machinery access into the cemetery . 
 
 
 = God of War video game collections = 
 
 God of War is an action @-@ adventure video game series loosely based on Greek mythology . Debuting in 2005 , the series has become a flagship title for the PlayStation brand and the character Kratos is one of its most popular characters . The series consists of seven games across multiple platforms . Five of these have been re @-@ released through three separate compilations for the PlayStation 3 ( PS3 ) platform : God of War Collection ( 2009 ) , God of War : Origins Collection ( 2011 ) , and God of War Saga ( 2012 ) . With the exception of God of War III in the God of War Saga , each collection features remastered ports of the games that were not originally released on the PS3 . God of War III was later remastered as God of War III Remastered and released on PlayStation 4 ( PS4 ) in July 2015 . God of War : Betrayal and God of War : Ascension are the only installments that have not been remastered for a newer platform or included in a collection . 
 Each collection was praised for how the games were remastered , as well as their price . IGN claimed that the God of War Collection was the " definitive way to play the game [ s ] " . God of War Collection prompted Sony to make a new line of remastered games for the PlayStation 3 ( which has expanded to the PlayStation Vita and the PlayStation 4 ) . Although the Origins Collection was criticized for its lack of new bonus content , IGN said that " Sony succeeded at making good games better . " For the Saga , Digital Trends claimed it is " perhaps the best value buy for any console available . " 
 
 = = God of War Collection = = 
 
 God of War Collection is a remastered port of God of War and God of War II for the PlayStation 3 on a single Blu @-@ ray Disc that was released in North America on November 17 , 2009 . It is the first game under Sony 's line of " Classics HD . " The collection was included in the God of War III Ultimate Trilogy Edition , released on March 18 , 2010 , in Australia and New Zealand , and on March 19 in Europe . It was released in Japan as a standalone on March 18 , where it was distributed by Capcom , and was later released as part of the God of War III Trilogy Edition , which included God of War III and God of War Collection , on March 25 . It was released as a standalone in Australia on April 29 and in Europe on April 30 . At the 2013 Electronic Entertainment Expo ( E3 ) , a PlayStation Vita version of God of War Collection was announced , and it was released on May 6 , 2014 , in North America , May 9 in Europe , May 14 in Australia , and May 15 in Japan . 
 God of War and God of War II were ported by Bluepoint Games and feature high @-@ definition 720p anti @-@ aliased graphics at 60 frames per second and Trophies . The bonus materials of the original two @-@ disc PlayStation 2 version of God of War II are included with the Blu @-@ ray version of the collection . The port was produced as a result of feedback from fans of the series and was viewed as a means of introducing new players to the series before God of War III was released . The God of War III game demo from E3 2009 was included with early copies of the collection . Sanzaru Games was responsible for porting the collection to the Vita . 
 Sony 's Santa Monica Studio — the games ' original developer — ran a sweepstakes in November 2009 for the release of God of War Collection . The grand prize was an autographed " Gold " disc , exclusive artwork created and signed by a God of War team member , a Limited Edition Kratos T @-@ shirt , and a limited edition 10 inches ( 25 cm ) figurine of Kratos . First place prize was a copy of God of War Collection signed by the development team . Winners were announced in December 2009 . 
 On November 2 , 2010 , God of War Collection was released as a digital download on the PlayStation Store . PlayStation Plus subscribers can download a one @-@ hour trial of each game . For a limited time , Plus subscribers received a God of War III skin with the purchase of each game : " Phantom of Chaos " ( God of War ) and " Forgotten Warrior " ( God of War II ) respectively . The bonus materials for God of War II were not included with the digital download version . Patch update version 1 @.@ 01 , released on September 5 , 2012 , allows the PlayStation 3 version of God of War Collection to be played on the PlayStation Vita via the Remote Play function . 
 
 = = = Reception = = = 
 
 God of War Collection received critical acclaim from critics . Aggregating review websites GameRankings and Metacritic gave the PlayStation 3 version 90 @.@ 78 % based on 43 reviews and 91 / 100 based on 50 reviews and the PlayStation Vita version 75 @.@ 00 % based on 15 reviews and 73 / 100 based on 28 reviews . 
 The PlayStation 3 version received critical acclaim . IGN gave the game an " Editor 's Choice " Award , praised the enhanced resolutions , lower price point , and smoother frame rates , and stated it was the " definitive way to play the game " . 1up.com noted the tremendous increase in visuals but said the in @-@ engine cut @-@ scenes appeared blurry . GamePro stated the collection is " two fantastic games on one disc for a low price ; puts you in the right mindset for God of War 3 . " PlayStation LifeStyle ( 5 / 5 ) said " Those ... familiar with Kratos will enjoy the extra polish the Collection brings to two of the best games from the PS2 era . " Due to the success of God of War Collection , Sony announced that further titles would receive similar treatment for release under its new " Classics HD " brand . By June 2012 , God of War Collection had sold more than 2 @.@ 4 million copies worldwide , making it the eighteenth best @-@ selling PlayStation 3 game of all time . 
 
 = = God of War : Origins Collection = = 
 
 God of War : Origins Collection ( God of War Collection – Volume II in Europe and Australia ) is a remastered port of the two PlayStation Portable installments in the series — Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta — for the PlayStation 3 on a single Blu @-@ ray Disc . It was announced at the Sony press conference at E3 2011 and was ported by Ready at Dawn , the developer of the PlayStation Portable games . The collection was released on September 13 , 2011 , in North America , September 16 in Europe , September 29 in Australia , and October 6 in Japan . God of War : Origins Collection was also released in North America as a digital download on the PlayStation Store on September 13 . 
 God of War : Origins Collection features native 1080p high @-@ definition video , anti @-@ aliased graphics at 60 frames per second , DualShock 3 rumble features , Trophies , and is the only God of War release to feature Stereoscopic 3D . The God of War – Game Directors Live documentary , Kratos Legionnaire bonus skin , and Forest of the Forgotten combat arena ( originally pre @-@ order bonuses for Ghost of Sparta ) are also included with the Origins Collection . 
 
 = = = Reception = = = 
 
 God of War : Origins Collection received positive reviews from critics . It received a score of 86 @.@ 62 % based on 41 reviews on GameRankings and 84 / 100 based on 58 reviews on Metacritic . 
 IGN stated , " Sony succeeded at making good games better " and that it " acts as a time lapse experiment for players to get a really good look at how a developer evolves from one game to another . " GamePro noted the lack of new bonus content , and said , " 3D doesn 't necessarily radically redefine the experience . It does , however , make things like boss fights and magical effects much more mesmerizing " , but added that , " all of the in @-@ game cinematics are not in 3D , which is ... unfortunate considering how cutscenes are such an integral part of the storytelling in any God of War game " . By June 2012 , God of War : Origins Collection had sold 711 @,@ 737 copies worldwide . 
 
 = = God of War Saga = = 
 
 God of War Saga is a collection of five of the God of War games for the PlayStation 3 released as part of Sony 's PlayStation Collections line on August 28 , 2012 , in North America . The collection includes God of War , God of War II , God of War III , Chains of Olympus , and Ghost of Sparta . It features two Blu @-@ ray Discs — God of War I and II on the first and III on the second — and a voucher to download Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta . The games retain the same features as their first PS3 releases . The collection also includes exclusive bonus content and a voucher for a one @-@ month trial of PlayStation Plus . The games , with the exception of God of War III , are also available to download from the PlayStation Store . From September 27 until October 5 , 2012 , to celebrate the release of God of War Saga , PlayStation.Blog ran a weekly countdown of the top five God of War epic moments as voted by the God of War Facebook community . " The Death of Ares " from the original God of War was voted as the " # 1 most epic God of War moment of All Time . " 
 In Latin America , an exclusive version of God of War Saga , titled God of War : Omega Collection , was released in November 2012 . The Omega Collection features three Blu @-@ ray discs , as opposed to two , with Chains of Olympus and Ghost of Sparta included on the third disc . It also includes a SteelBook game case with exclusive artwork and a limited edition bronze statue of Kratos , created by an Argentine artist . 
 
 = = = Reception = = = 
 
 Ryan Fleming of Digital Trends wrote that the collection " is perhaps the best value buy for any console available " , and that for fans of the series , " this collection is not for you " as all games ( with the exception of God of War III ) are available for download , and it will " likely be redundant . " However , new or inexperienced players should buy it . Fleming added that it was odd that the PSP games were included as downloads , and would like to have seen content migrate over to the PlayStation Vita . Jeffrey L. Wilson of PC Magazine gave the collection a 4 out of 5 and called it " an excellent purchase for anyone looking for cinematic , blood @-@ drenched action – especially newcomers who get five titles for the price of one " , but added that long time fans may not find much value in the collection . 
 
 
 = Territorial era of Minnesota = 
 
 The territorial era of Minnesota covers the history of the land that is now the modern US state of Minnesota from the Louisiana Purchase in 1803 , to its achieving statehood in 1858 . The Minnesota Territory itself was formed only in 1849 but the area had a rich history well before this . Though there was a long history of European presence in the area before 19th century , it was during the 19th century that the United States began to establish a firm presence in what would become Minnesota . 
 Many of the facets of Minnesota culture that are perceived as the area 's early history in fact originated after this period . Notably , the heavy Scandinavian immigration for which the state is known , and the pioneering days chronicled by author Laura Ingalls Wilder occurred after statehood in the later 19th century . Unlike these later years , the first half of the 19th century was characterized by sparsely populated communities , harsh living conditions , and to some degree , lawlessness . 
 This era was a period of economic transition . The dominant enterprise in the area since the 17th century had been the fur trade . The Dakota Sioux , and later the Ojibwe , tribes hunted and gathered pelts trading with French , British , and later American traders at Grand Portage , Mendota , and other sites . This trade gradually declined during the early 19th century as demand for furs in Europe diminished . The lumber industry grew rapidly , replacing furs as the key economic resource . Grain production began to develop late during this time as an emerging economic basis as well . Saw mills , and later grain mills , around Fort Snelling and Saint Anthony Falls in east @-@ central Minnesota became magnets for development . By the end of the era east @-@ central Minnesota had replaced northern Minnesota as the economic center of the area . 
 This era was also as a period of cultural transition . At the time the U.S. took possession of the region , Native Americans were by far the largest ethnic groups . Their role in the fur trade gave them a steady stream of income and significant political influence even as the French , British , and Americans asserted territorial claims on the area . French and British traders had mixed with native society in the area for many decades peacefully contributing to the society and creating new ethnic groups consisting of mixed @-@ race peoples . As the Americans established outposts in the area and the fur trade declined , the dynamics changed dramatically . The economic influence of the Native Americans diminished and American territorial ideology increasingly sought to limit their influence . Large waves of immigration in the 1850s very suddenly changed the demographics so that within a few years the population shifted from predominantly native to predominantly people of European descent . The native and mixed @-@ race populations continued to influence the territory 's culture and politics , even at the end of the territorial era , though by the time statehood was achieved that influence was in steep decline . Heavy immigration from New England and New York led to Minnesota 's being labeled the " New England of the West " . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 During the 17th century a Native American tribe known as the Ojibwe , or Chippewa , reached Minnesota as part of a westward migration . Having come from a region around Maine , they were experienced at dealing with European traders . Tensions rose between the Ojibwe and the Santee , or Eastern Dakota , Sioux , who were dominant in the area , during the ensuing years . 
 French exploration in Minnesota is known have begun in the 17th century with explorers like Radisson , Groseilliers , and Le Sueur . After France signed a treaty with a number of tribes to allow trade in the area , French settlements began to appear . Trader Daniel Greysolon , Sieur du Lhut explored the western area of Lake Superior helping to advance trade and leading to the establishment of Fond du Lac ( part of modern Duluth , which was named after du Lhut ) . Roman Catholic priest Louis Hennepin , captured by the Sioux in 1680 while exploring North America with famed explorer La Salle , discovered and named Saint Anthony Falls . The next account of an expedition into Minnesota 's interior was that of Captain Jonathan Carver of Connecticut who reached Saint Anthony Falls in 1766 . In the later 18th century trader Peter Pond explored the Minnesota River valley noting significant European settlement in the region in addition to the natives . 
 Explorers searching for the fabled Northwest Passage and large inland seas in North America continued to pass through this region . Fort Beauharnois was built by the French in 1721 on Lake Pepin to facilitate exploration . In the 17th century a lucrative trade developed between Native Americans who trapped animals near the Great Lakes and traders who shipped the animal furs to Europe . For two centuries this trade network was the prime economic driver in the area . A notable result of this trade network was the Métis people , a mixed @-@ race community descended from Native Americans and French traders , as well as other mixed @-@ race peoples . In particular during the latter 18th century numerous French and English traders in the Minnesota region purchased Sioux wives in order to establish kinship relationships with the Sioux so as to secure their supply of furs from the tribes . 
 The British Hudson 's Bay Company was formed in 1670 to capitalize on the Native American fur trade near Hudson Bay . The company came to dominate the North American trade in the 18th century . The North West Company of Montreal was formed in 1779 to compete with Hudson 's Bay Company establishing their western headquarters and key exchange point at Grand Portage in what is now Minnesota . Grand Portage , with its two wharves and numerous warehouses , became one of Britain 's four main fur trading posts , along with Niagara , Detroit , and Michilimackinac . British ships crossed Lake Superior regularly transporting supplies to the region and bringing back valuable furs . Even after Grand Portage became property of the U.S. in 1783 the British operations , such as North West Company and the XY Company , continued to operate in the area for some time . 
 Though the various parts of what is now Minnesota were claimed at different times by Spain , France , and Britain , none of these nations made significant efforts to establish major settlements in the area . Instead the French and the British established mostly trading posts and utilized the natives in the area as suppliers . 
 All of the land east of the Mississippi River was granted to the United States by the Second Treaty of Paris at the end of the American Revolution in 1783 . This included what would become modern day Saint Paul but only part of Minneapolis , including the northeast , north @-@ central and east @-@ central portions of the state . The wording of the treaty in the Minnesota area depended on landmarks reported by fur traders , who erroneously reported an " Isle Phelipeaux " in Lake Superior , a " Long Lake " west of the island , and the belief that the Mississippi River ran well into modern Canada . Much of this region was claimed by other states who subsequently ceded these to the federal government . 
 Most of the remaining areas of what is now the state were purchased in 1803 from France as part of the Louisiana Purchase ( the area west of the Mississippi having been recently acquired by France from Spain ) . Parts of northern Minnesota were considered to be in Rupert 's Land , a large territory owned by Hudson 's Bay Company . The exact definition of the boundary between Minnesota and British North America was not addressed until the Anglo @-@ American Convention of 1818 . 
 Until 1818 the entire Red River Valley in what is today southeastern Manitoba and northwestern Minnesota was considered British and was subject to several colonization schemes by the Hudson 's Bay Company , particularly the Red River Colony ( also known as the Selkirk Settlement ) established in 1811 . The valley had , in fact , been occupied by Métis since the middle 17th century . The Red River Colony , established to supply the British fur trade , was fraught with problems from the beginning but became important in the Minnesota area 's early fur trade as well as supplying many early settlers to the region . 
 
 = = Pioneers and exploration = = 
 
 At the beginning of the 19th century many parts of the Minnesota area were already well traveled by British and French explorers . Though the region 's population was mostly Native American , there were important British trading posts in the area with many European and mixed @-@ race settlers , particularly in the north . Grand Portage , in particular , had long been established as the major trading center for the North West Company . 
 David Thompson , a British fur trader for the North West Company of Montreal , completed numerous surveys and maps of the North American frontier . In 1797 he completed the first known map of the Minnesota area , in what was then the Northwest Territory . The Jay Treaty , however , obliged most of the British settlers to withdraw their settlements in 1796 , though mixed @-@ race peoples remained . 
 In 1805 U.S. Lieutenant Zebulon Pike was sent by General Wilkinson , governor of the Louisiana Territory , to enforce U.S. sovereignty against British traders in the area and establish diplomatic and trading relationships with the native tribes . He met with the Sioux leadership in central Minnesota to secure rights for the U.S. to an area near Saint Anthony Falls , which would later become the city of Saint Paul . Though a treaty was signed by some leaders from the Sioux tribes , its legitimacy ( including whether the Sioux understood it ) was dubious and ultimately his efforts did little to establish the authority of the U.S. in the area . 
 In 1817 Major Stephen H. Long of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers led a waterborne expedition from Prairie du Chien to reach Saint Anthony Falls . He documented much of the terrain today occupied by Minneapolis and Saint Paul as well as the Native American villages that existed there at the time . 
 In 1818 the 49th parallel was established as the boundary between the United States and British North America . However , the point where the Red River crossed this line was not marked until 1823 , when Stephen Long conducted a survey expedition . The expedition determined , among other things , that the fur trading post of Pembina lay just inside the U.S. border . 
 Several efforts were made to determine the source of the Mississippi River . In 1823 Italian explorer Giacomo Constantino Beltrami who had split from the Long expedition in Pembina , found Lake Julia which he believed was the source of the Mississippi River . The actual source was found in 1832 , when Henry Schoolcraft was guided by a group of Ojibwe headed by Ozaawindib ( " Yellow Head " ) to a lake in northern Minnesota . Schoolcraft named it Lake Itasca , combining the Latin words veritas ( " truth " ) and caput ( " head " ) . 
 In 1835 George William Featherstonhaugh conducted a geological survey of the Minnesota River valley and wrote an account entitled A Canoe Voyage up the Minnay Sotor . Joseph Nicollet scouted the area in the late 1830s accompanied by John C. Frémont , exploring and mapping the Upper Mississippi River basin , the Saint Croix River , and the land between the Mississippi and Missouri Rivers . 
 
 = = Forts = = 
 
 An important facet of the British and American frontier was a system of forts built by the military . The forts provided safe shelter for soldiers and explorers on the frontier and a base of operations for expeditions , both military and commercial . The first forts in the area had been French , particularly Fort Beauharnois , built during the 18th century and later abandoned because of the French and Indian War with the British . British Fort Charlotte at Grand Portage became essential to the fur trade protecting and supplying British traders as well as the area natives . This British fort operated in the area ( illegally ) until 1803 , even after the area 's becoming recognized as part of the United States . Other French and British fortifications , such as Fort St. Charles , had existed in the region but had been abandoned much earlier . 
 In 1814 the U.S. government built Fort Shelby , later rebuilt as Fort Crawford , near modern Minnesota in what is now Prairie du Chien , Wisconsin . Fort Crawford would play a significant role in U.S. involvement in Minnesota , particularly as the site of the Treaty of Prairie du Chien . The first major U.S. military presence inside the boundaries of modern Minnesota was Fort Saint Anthony , later renamed Fort Snelling ( after the fort 's commander Josiah Snelling ) . The land for the fort , at the confluence of the Minnesota and Mississippi rivers , had been acquired in 1805 by legendary explorer Zebulon Pike . When concerns mounted about the fur trade in the area , construction of the fort began in 1819 and was completed in 1825 . One of the missions of the fort was to mediate disputes between the Ojibwe and the Dakota tribes . Lawrence Taliaferro , an agent of the U.S. Bureau of Indian Affairs who became an important figure in these mediations , spent 20 years at the fort , finally resigning in 1839 . 
 Fort Ripley was built in 1848 – 1849 in central Minnesota near modern Little Falls . It was built to provide a military presence on the frontier near the new Winnebago reservation created as the tribe was moved from Iowa . In addition it helped to serve as a buffer between the Dakota Sioux and the Ojibwe . 
 Fort Ridgely was built in 1853 – 1854 near the Dakota reservation in southwestern Minnesota , near modern New Ulm . It was named by U.S. Secretary of War Jefferson Davis in honor of three army officers named Ridgely who had died in the Mexican @-@ American War . The fort was created to watch over the Minnesota River Valley , in addition to the larger frontier . It replaced Fort Doge in Iowa , which was decommissioned during the same period . The fort operated as a military post until 1867 . 
 Fort Abercrombie was built in 1858 on the Red River at what is now the border between Minnesota and North Dakota near modern McCauleyville . The fort had to be moved soon afterward because of flooding problems . It was created to spur settlement of the Red River Valley , protect steamboat traffic on the river , and protect wagon trains travelling to Montana . 
 In addition to these military bases , private companies operated numerous trading posts in the region that were often referred to as " forts " , though they typically had little in the way of defensive fortifications . 
 
 = = Native Americans = = 
 
 The two main Native American tribal groups which dominated Minnesota at the time the lands were acquired by the United States were the more established Dakota Sioux , and the Ojibwe who had migrated into the area more recently . The two groups fought bitter territorial wars during the 18th century . In the mid @-@ 18th century the Battle of Kathio , in which the Ojibwe defeated the Sioux , permanently established northeastern Minnesota , particularly Mille Lacs Lake , as Ojibwe territory relegating the Sioux to southern and western Minnesota . Skirmishes between the groups continued in the 19th century including a battle near Lac Traverse in 1818 , a battle near Stillwater in 1839 ( the site became known as " Battle Hollow " ) , and another on the Yellow Medicine River in 1854 . 
 During the War of 1812 most of the Dakota and Ojibwe sided with the British though at various times some aided the Americans or took the opportunity to attack enemy tribes ( a notable American loyalist was the Dakota chief Tamaha , or " Rising Moose , " an admirer of Pike , who joined the U.S. army at Saint Louis ) . Though Grand Portage was the only part of Minnesota that saw significant conflict during the war , natives throughout the region were recruited to fight further east in areas such as Green Bay . In particular the half @-@ Dakota British captain Joseph Renville heavily recruited among the Mdewakanton branch of the Dakota Sioux including chiefs Little Crow and Wapasha . 
 From 1815 to 1821 employees of the Hudson 's Bay Company and the North West Company engaged in various territorial conflicts known as the " fur trade wars , " including the famous Battle of Seven Oaks at what is now Winnipeg , Manitoba . As a result of these conflicts numerous Métis migrated from the Red River area to central and eastern Minnesota , particularly in the vicinity of Saint Paul . This " Red River Exodus " became a major source of francophone immigration into Minnesota during the territorial era . The Métis and other mixed @-@ race groups were often regarded as French Canadian " whites " rather than " Indians " . 
 By the 1820s , animal resources were in decline in the area leading to increased competition among the tribes for game and for furs to sell . Collusion among the fur trading companies led to a dramatic drop in fur prices during the late 1820s causing impoverishment for many Sioux hunters . The U.S. government strongly encouraged the tribes to turn from hunting to farming , trading the woodlands for the plains . 
 Increasing territorial conflict between the Sioux and the Ojibwe on the western frontier , particularly along the Mississippi river , led the U.S. government to attempt to mediate the conflicts . President Andrew Jackson 's policy toward the tribes ultimately was to either pacify them sufficiently to allow westward expansion of American settlers , or else remove the tribes from the areas in which they prevented settlement . The First Treaty of Prairie du Chien ( 1825 ) , among its provisions established southern Minnesota as well as much of modern North and South Dakota as the homeland of the Dakota Sioux . The Ojibwe were given northern Minnesota and much of Wisconsin . The U.S. government , though , failed to enforce the treaty agreements leading to Little Crow 's pronouncement to Indian agent Taliaferro in 1829 : " We made peace to please you , but if we are badly off we must blame you for causing us to give up so much of our lands to our enemies . " 
 Following an 1846 treaty , the Winnebago tribes of Iowa were relocated to the Long Prairie reservation in central Minnesota in the late 1840s establishing an important presence in the territory . Because of the poor land in the new reservation the tribe subsequently negotiated a treaty in 1856 allowing them to relocate further south to Blue Earth but ceding substantial land in the process . 
 All of the native tribes experienced gradual disillusionment with the U.S. government because of its inability or unwillingness to honor its treaty commitments . The major leaders among the tribes were Wabasha and Little Crow among the Dakota Sioux , Flat Mouth and Hole @-@ in @-@ the @-@ Day among the Ojibwe , and Winneshiek among the Winnebago . The success of treaty negotiations between the U.S. and the tribes was in great part facilitated by the mixed race families such as the Faribaults and the Renvilles . 
 The Treaty of Traverse des Sioux in 1851 gave all of the Wahpeton and Sisseton Sioux ( upper Sioux ) lands west of the Mississippi River to the U.S. government . The Treaty of Mendota that same year ceded the Mdewakanton and Wahpekute Sioux ( lower Sioux ) lands in southern Minnesota , requiring relocation to an area near modern Morton . Both treaties , however , were amended to during the ratification process to eliminate the explicit guarantees of lands retained by the tribes . Additionally much of the promised payments were never delivered in part ostensibly because of debts owed by the Sioux to the fur traders . 
 Despite American hunger for land , the leadership in the Minnesota Territory did not actually want to remove the Sioux from the territory . Federal subsidies to the tribes were heavily siphoned by the U.S. settlements and removal of the tribes from the territory would have meant loss of this income . 
 Increasing impoverishment among the Sioux and continued treaty violations on the part of the United States would soon lead to bloodshed . In 1857 a renegade band of Sioux led by war chief Inkpaduta attacked the community of Spirit Lake , Iowa near the Minnesota border killing between 35 and 40 " white " settlers ( the event would be referred to as the Spirit Lake Massacre ) . They went on to attack Springfield , Minnesota ( modern Jackson ) killing seven before being turned back . In 1862 , bands of Sioux launched the Dakota War in which they were defeated . Apart from those killed in the war , 38 Dakota Sioux were killed in a mass execution in Mankato , the largest mass execution in the U.S. history . Hundreds more Sioux and European @-@ Americans were killed in the U.S. government 's subsequent eradication of the Sioux nation in Minnesota and the new Dakota Territory . 
 
 = = Commercial enterprises = = 
 
 The most important commercial enterprise in the early part of the territorial era was the lucrative fur trade . At the beginning of the 19th century two British companies competed for dominance in the North American trade : Hudson 's Bay Company and the North West Company . The North West company had used Grand Portage as its western headquarters along with other smaller companies that operated in the area . Grand Portage was one of the four principal British trading and shipping points furs in North America . Following the Treaty of Paris , in 1783 , British operations at Grand Portage were technically illegal though the trade continued . However , beginning in 1801 the North West Company began re @-@ establishing its headquarters north of the border at the newly constructed Fort William in what is now Ontario . After 1804 Grand Portage had been reduced to a minor trading center and most traders eventually abandoned the area . In 1842 , the Hudson Bay Company , which had by then absorbed the North West Company , shipped out a final band of Ojibwe who were employed by the company . 
 Before 1816 the majority of the fur trading posts in the Minnesota area were owned by the North West Company , but by 1821 the American Fur Company , founded in 1808 by John Jacob Astor in New York , had taken over most of these . As well as Grand Portage , another significant fur shipping point in Minnesota was Fort Frances in the Rainy Lake region , near modern International Falls in the far north of the state . This location became significant as it was key to multiple waterways for shipping furs to the Atlantic . Both the North West Company and the American Fur Company had posts at this location . Pembina , originally part of the Red River Colony , was a significant trading post for the Hudson 's Bay Company , and once it was claimed by the U.S. , became for a time key to U.S. interests in the fur trade . By 1830 American Fur dominated the trade within the United States because of the exclusion of British companies by the U.S. government . 
 Beginning in the 1820s , a fur trading route developed between the Red River Colony ( in modern Manitoba ) and the trading posts in Minnesota , first primarily at Mendota and later at Saint Paul . The system of ox cart trails came to be known as the Red River Trails and was used principally by the Métis as a way to avoid the fur trade monopoly of the Hudson 's Bay Company ( which had absorbed the North West Company ) . Though this cross @-@ border trade was entirely illegal and violated the policies of the Hudson 's Bay Company , enforcement against the trade by American and British authorities was virtually non @-@ existent . The trail system would reach its peak usage in the mid @-@ 19th century . The Hudson 's Bay Company continued to expand its presence north of the U.S. border establishing new posts such as Fort Alexander and Rat Portage . 
 The fur trade was in decline by the late 1830s . The American Fur Company went bankrupt in 1842 , though the Missouri Fur Company and other operations kept the trade from collapsing entirely . As this trade declined the lumber industry began to grow substantially in areas such as the Saint Croix Valley where valuable white pine was plentiful . New saw mills appeared in Marine and Stillwater . Lumber was typically cut during winter and sent downstream in the spring . In 1848 , businessman Franklin Steele built the first private sawmill on the Saint Anthony Falls ( which would later become the town of Saint Anthony ) opening commercial lumbering on the Mississippi River . More sawmills quickly followed . Soon the Saint Croix and Mississippi Rivers in Minnesota had become major conduits for lumber headed for Saint Louis and other destinations . 
 The first flour mill in Minnesota was built in 1823 at Fort Snelling as a retrofitting of a lumber mill . The first private grain mill was built in Washington County by Samuel Bowles . Minneapolis gained its first grain mill in 1847 . During the 1850s grain production began to develop rapidly but Minnesota did not become a significant grain exporter until 1858 . 
 In 1823 the first steamboat , known as the Virginia , arrived at Fort Snelling carrying Indian agent Lawrence Taliaferro . By the 1830s a steady , if not yet large , stream of steamboat traffic plied the river including some ships listed as ferrying " pleasure parties " . The first railroad to reach the Mississippi ( in Illinois ) , the Rock Island Railroad , was completed in the 1854 . The event was celebrated with sightseeing excursions from Rock Island up the Mississippi into Minnesota . Those excursions touched off such a wave of interest in Minnesota that 56 @,@ 000 tourists visited Saint Paul by steamboat in 1856 . 
 In 1849 James Goodhue began publication of the Minnesota Pioneer newspaper in Saint Paul ( the paper would later be renamed the St. Paul Pioneer Press ) . By the time the area achieved statehood 89 newspapers had been established . Information about Minnesota published in these periodicals spread throughout the United States and Europe . Advertising campaigns were launched in the northeastern U.S. and Europe to lure European settlers . These efforts met with limited success though they would become much more successful after statehood . 
 Saint Anthony , with its scenic waterfalls , rapidly developed as a destination for tourists traveling the Mississippi on steamboats . The Winslow House , a luxury hotel overlooking the falls , was constructed in 1857 . By the late 1860s Saint Anthony had become a popular summer resort for wealthy southerners . 
 One of the major sources of income in the territory during the 1850s was U.S. government annuity payments to the Ojibwe and other tribes required by earlier treaties . These payments amounted to more than $ 380 @,@ 000 per year on average ( $ 10 @.@ 8 million in present @-@ day terms ) compared to approximately $ 120 @,@ 000 per year ( $ 3 @.@ 41 million in present @-@ day terms ) given to the territory itself for development . Because of corruption , and mishandling of the payments to the tribes , a great deal of the money was used directly by U.S. settlers for commercial and community development with questionable benefit to the tribes . At the beginning of the Minnesota Territory , in fact , these payments were the territory 's most important source of income since the fur trade was no longer as lucrative as it had once been and other exports were still negligible . 
 
 = = Settlements = = 
 
 During most of this era Native Americans outnumbered European / U.S. settlers in what is now Minnesota . Significant Dakota Sioux settlements in the Minnesota area included Kaposia , located in what is now Saint Paul before being moved by the 1837 treaty . Significant Ojibwe settlements included Misizaaga 'igan ( Mille Lacs ) and Nagaajiwanaang ( Fond du Lac ) , as well as the community that had developed around the Grand Portage commerce . 
 When the Minnesota Territory was established in 1848 the Native American settlements in the territory still rivaled the American settlements in size . According to some scholars , the Mandan / Hidatsa village of Like @-@ a @-@ Fishhook in what is now North Dakota , with a population of 700 , was the largest settlement in the Minnesota Territory . The numerous other settlements in the territory gave a total Native American population of over 25 @,@ 000 in 1849 which easily outnumbered the 4535 " white " settlers . 
 At the outset of the 19th century most of the European settlements were related to the fur trade . The largest of these settlements were trading posts established by the North West Company , particularly those at Sandy Lake , Leech Lake , and Fond du Lac . Historian Grace Lee Nute has documented over 100 fur trading posts of varying sizes in the Minnesota area before statehood . Most of these posts were eventually taken over by the American Fur Company . When several hundred settlers abandoned the Red River Colony in the 1820s , they entered the United States by way of the Red River Valley , instead of moving to eastern Canada or returning to Europe , adding to the Minnesota region 's population . 
 Construction on Fort Snelling began in 1820 and was finished in 1825 . The Fort became a magnet for settlement in east @-@ central Minnesota . Nearby Mendota was established during the same period and , as the regional headquarters for the American Fur Company , also drew settlement in the area soon becoming Minnesota 's commercial center . Many of the first stone buildings in the territory were constructed in Mendota by employees of the American Fur Company , which bought animal pelts at that location from 1825 to 1853 . 
 The logging industry spurred further development of settlements . Before railroads , lumbermen relied mostly on river transportation to bring logs to market , which made Minnesota 's timber resources attractive . Towns like Marine on Saint Croix , founded as Marine Mills , and Stillwater became significant lumber centers fed by the Saint Croix River , while Winona was supplied lumber by areas in southern Minnesota and along the Minnesota River . 
 In the 1830s a group of squatters , mostly Métis from the ill @-@ fated Red River Colony , established a camp near the fort . Because of complaints from some residents at the fort , new restrictions were placed on the squatters forcing them to move down the Mississippi River , first to a site known as Fountain Cave , and then even further downriver . Pierre " Pig 's Eye " Parrant , a popular moonshiner among the group , established a saloon at the new site , and the squatters named their settlement " Pig 's Eye " after Parrant ( later changing the name to Lambert 's Landing , and finally Saint Paul after the local chapel ) . The location was a convenient site for a steamboat landing and by 1847 a steamboat line had established the town as a regular stop . This attractive advantage for commerce caused the settlement to develop significantly , soon eroding Mendota 's prominence . 
 The sutler ( general store operator ) at Fort Snelling , Franklin Steele , who had established lumbering interests in the area , staked a claim to lands adjacent to Saint Anthony Falls following the land cessions of the 1837 Objibwe treaty . In 1848 he built a sawmill at the falls establishing the basis of the town of Saint Anthony which grew there . John H. Stevens , an employee of Franklin Steele , pointed out that land on the west side of the falls would make a good site for future mills . Since the land on the west side was still part of the military reservation , Stevens made a deal with Fort Snelling 's commander . Stevens would provide free ferry service across the river in exchange for a tract of 160 acres ( 0 @.@ 65 km2 ) at the head of the falls . Stevens received the claim and built a house , the first house in Minneapolis , in 1850 . Later in 1854 , Stevens platted the city of Minneapolis on the west bank . In 1855 the first bridge across the main channel of the Mississippi ( anywhere in the nation ) was built between Minneapolis and Saint Anthony . 
 By 1851 , treaties between Native American tribes and the U.S. government had opened much of Minnesota to U.S. settlement . Fort Snelling was no longer a frontier outpost . Efforts to establish Minnesota as a prominent future state in the Union were swift . In 1851 territorial legislature petitioned the U.S. Congress for land to build a railroad between Milwaukee , Wisconsin and Saint Paul . That same year the legislature incorporated the University of Minnesota and established its endowment ( though the University would not admit students until many years later ) . 
 In 1848 when the Minnesota Territory was formed there were four major " white " settlements : Saint Paul , Saint Anthony ( part of modern Minneapolis ) , Stillwater , and Pembina ( now part of North Dakota ) . New settlements began to appear more rapidly . Mankato was established in 1852 by entrepreneurs Jackson , Johnson , and Williams . Saint Peter was established in 1853 by Captain William Bigelow Dodd . New Ulm was established in 1854 by German immigrants . Rochester was established by George Head in 1854 . Not all of the new settlements were established by immigrants from the eastern U.S. and Europe , though . The town of Faribault , for example , was established in 1852 by Alexander Faribault , a Minnesota native of mixed French @-@ Canadian / Dakota ancestry . 
 The influx of settlers in the 1850s transformed Minnesota from a sparsely populated territory of less than 10 @,@ 000 " white " settlers and a significantly larger native population , to a substantial population center of over 150 @,@ 000 predominantly European settlers . The city of Saint Paul expanded from less than 400 people in 1848 to over 2500 in 1852 and over 10 @,@ 000 in 1860 . 
 As a result of heavy immigration from New England and New York — regions where most major towns had originated as trading centers rather than political or manufacturing centers — many new settlements in Minnesota were laid out so as to heavily favor the business districts rather than the city halls or courthouses . This plan and the philosophy behind it spurred the growth of economic links between the communities and with other parts of the U.S. 
 In 1856 the Minnesota Territory established its first Commissioner of Emigration , Eugene Burnand . Through advertisements and speeches to new immigrants to the U.S. in New York , Burnand expanded the immigration trend which later created a large German community after statehood . 
 
 = = Society = = 
 
 Until the 1850s the Native American population vastly outnumbered the population of European ancestry in the area . Nevertheless , the division between " Indian " and " white " during this era was always somewhat vague . In general persons of mixed descent were considered " white " if they dressed in European clothing and adopted European customs . " Indians " were those who lived in traditional native lifestyles . Even as the U.S. began to establish its authority over the region and some settlers from the U.S. began to arrive the Native American population continued to hold significant political and social influence as a result of the fur trade . As experienced hunters they were important to one of North America 's major business enterprises . The decline of this trade during the later part of the era marked the decline of Native American influence . 
 Following the 1837 treaty the Saint Croix Triangle , between the Saint Croix and Mississippi Rivers , had been opened to U.S. settlement . Still until the later establishment of the Minnesota Territory this triangle remained an island of " white " culture and settlement . The vast majority of the Minnesota area , though , was " Indian country " . Contemporary accounts of larger towns such as Mendota , Saint Anthony , and Saint Paul in the 1840s indicate that the majority of the population was predominantly of French and Métis ancestry . Even in these communities European culture , was not strictly dominant . Commenting on Minnesota 's culture of the 1840s , Governor Alexander Ramsey described the streets of Saint Paul saying that it was common to see " the blankets and painted faces of Indians , and the red sashes and mocassins of French voyageurs and half @-@ breeds , greatly predominating over the less picturesque costume of the Anglo @-@ American race . " 
 It is in fact likely that a very large percentage of the " white " population reported in the 1850 census was of partially Native American ancestry . Many men of mixed racial ancestry became respected members of " white " society . William W. Warren , for example , was the son of an American entrepreneur ( who hailed from New York before he began working in John Jacob Astor 's American Fur Company ) and a mixed @-@ blood Ojibwe mother ( whose father had been in the old French and British fur trade ) was educated in the East and in the early 1850s lived on the Upper Mississippi , in part working as an independent translator and Indian Agency contractor . Warren was a good writer — his newspaper articles were eventually published as the only 19th century compendium of Ojibwe history and was elected to the territorial legislature before his death from consumption . 
 With the establishment of the Minnesota Territory in 1848 and the treaty of 1851 waves of immigrants from the U.S. and Europe came to the territory rapidly changing the demographics . Even as these changes occurred in many areas the vagueness of the racial divisions between " Indians " and " whites " persisted . As late as 1857 it was common practice in some jurisdictions for men to be allowed to vote based on whether or not they were wearing European clothing . According to some observers natives at a given polling location would share a single pair of trousers each wearing them only long enough to cast a ballot . 
 Logging and trading communities in the territory , such as International Falls , were often known as centers of lawlessness and vice . Saloons were commonly the social centers of the towns with brothels and " bath houses " adding to the character of the society . These gathering places attracted trappers , traders , smugglers , and numerous others traveling through the countryside . 
 The late 1840s and 1850s witnessed large @-@ scale immigration from the Eastern U.S. and Europe . By 1860 approximately 80 % percent of Minnesota 's U.S.-born population came from New York and New England . The state was in fact for a time known as the " New England of the West " . Maine , in particular , contributed a large number of immigrants , probably because of the large number of lumbermen in Maine and the growing lumber industry in Minnesota . 
 By the 1850s racist ideology , which was becoming prevalent in much of the U.S. , began to affect Minnesota more significantly than it had in the past . The ruling class was composed of primarily Anglo @-@ American Protestants . Settlers from the U.S. increasingly discussed " white " inhabitants as the key to Minnesota 's future with an eye toward marginalizing the role that other " inferior " races would have in the future . Author James Wesley Bond in 1853 described Minnesota before the 1850s as " a waste of woodland and prairie , uninhabited save by the different hordes of savage tribes from time immemorial . " Prejudices in the territory , however , were complicated . As late as 1840 mulattos in Saint Paul were commonly treated as equals to others in the community with children of all races attending the same schools . By the late 1840s , however , all blacks had been completely disenfranchised . In addition they were prevented from running for office and their children were segregated in schools . By contrast Irish Catholics and Native Americans who adopted European lifestyles were allowed to vote and their children were not segregated in the classrooms . Paradoxically whereas Anglo @-@ Americans generally accepted business development by African Americans , they largely opposed business development by Irish immigrants . 
 Minnesota was a multi @-@ lingual area throughout the era . During the earlier parts of the era French and English were widely used but Ojibwe , Sioux , and Michif ( the language of the Métis ) were more widespread . By the late 1850s English had grown to be the most spoken language . New immigrants , though , brought additional languages to the territory . Newspapers were published in German ( Die Minnesota Deutsche Zeitung ) , Swedish ( Minnesota Posten ) , and Norwegian ( Folkets Rost ) . Irish Gaelic , Czech and other languages were used in various communities as well . 
 Most of the population of the region in earlier decades followed traditional tribal religious practices . However , Roman Catholicism had been known in the area long before its acquisition by the U.S. because of the many French traders who lived and intermarried there . Catholic missionary activity among the Métis expanded greatly in the early 19th century with the Catholic Church becoming particularly established in Saint Paul . Protestantism was rather a much newer phenomenon though some Protestant missionaries had entered the region in the early 19th century as well . The first Protestant church appeared in 1848 ( Market Street Church , Saint Paul ) . The waves of immigration in the 1850s , however , would rapidly make Prostestants the largest religious group . 
 
 = = African Americans and slavery = = 
 
 The Northwest Ordinance of 1787 in theory outlawed slavery in the Northwest Territory including the Minnesota area . The ordinance specifically stated 
 There shall be neither slavery nor involuntary servitude in the said territory , otherwise than in the punishment of crime , whereof the party shall have been duly convicted . 
 The ordinance was nevertheless seen as ambiguous in that it did not specifically address the slaves already in the territories , and it discussed the " free " population of the territories seemingly implying that a slave population would exist . French traders in the territories , and later even American army officers ( including Josiah Snelling who commanded his namesake fort ) , continued to hold slaves with the blessings of many in Congress . 
 The number of African Americans in the territory during this period was quite small but not insignificant . Newcomers continued to bring slaves with them , but there were many free blacks as well , some working as servants and some as completely independent pioneers . Information about the black immigrants during the earlier periods is sparse , but records do show that most of those at Fort Snelling were slaves . Records from 1850 indicate a population of 39 free blacks out of a total population of 6 @,@ 077 citizens in the territory ( which excluded Native American tribes ) . Before the 1840s these free persons could often expect to be treated equal to other racial groups . By the time Minnesota had achieved statehood , however , blacks had been disenfranchised and schools were segregated . Despite this , from the start of the Minnesota Territory in 1848 the leadership was predominantly antislavery thus ending the practice in this era . 
 One of the most famous of the early African Americans in the territory was George Bonga . He was born in Minnesota in 1802 , his father Pierre Bonga the son of a freed slave and his mother a member of the Ojibwe tribe . Bonga was schooled in Montreal and eventually became a fur trader in the Northwest territories . He went on to serve as an interpreter in negotiations with the Ojibwe ( particularly as a representative of Michigan Governor Lewis Cass ) . His brother Stephen served as the Ojibwe interpreter at Fort Snelling for the 1837 treaty . 
 In the 1850s , Fort Snelling played a key role in the infamous Dred Scott court case . Slaves Dred Scott and his wife were taken to the fort by their master , John Emerson . They lived at the fort and elsewhere in territories where slavery was prohibited . After Emerson 's death , the Scotts argued that since they had lived in free territory , they were no longer slaves . Ultimately in 1857 the U.S. Supreme Court sided against the Scotts . This decision helped to fuel rancor over slavery leading to the Bleeding Kansas conflicts , the Panic of 1857 , and eventually the American Civil War . 
 
 = = Government and politics = = 
 
 In the earlier part of the 19th century the area which is today Minnesota was not recognized as a single entity . The Mississippi River had divided the eastern British / French lands of North America from the western Spanish lands and even after the Louisiana Purchase this was for a time seen as a separation between territories . The division between the U.S. territories in the region and the British territories remained ambiguous until the Anglo @-@ American Convention of 1818 , which set the border with British North America at the 49th parallel west of the Lake of the Woods ( except for a small chunk of land now dubbed the Northwest Angle ) . Border disputes east of the Lake of the Woods continued until the Webster @-@ Ashburton Treaty of 1842 . 
 Throughout the first half of the 19th century , the northeastern portion of the state was a part of the Northwest Territory , formed in 1787 . After Ohio 's statehood the area became part of the new Illinois Territory in 1809 . After Illinois ' statehood the area was incorporated into the Michigan Territory in 1818 and later became part of the Wisconsin Territory in 1836 . The western and southern areas of the state were not formally organized until 1838 , when they became part of the Iowa Territory . 
 Following the admission of Wisconsin as a state in 1848 , the Minnesota area was temporarily without a government , though John Catlin , the former secretary of the Wisconsin Territory , claimed governorship of what remained of the territory as a short @-@ term measure . By this time Minnesota 's residents were largely Democrats and , as the U.S. Congress was at that time controlled by Democrats , they hoped Congress might be sympathetic to their concerns . In that same year a meeting was held in Stillwater , nominally led by Caitlin and later known as the " Stillwater Convention " , to discuss establishing a new territory . The participants elected Henry Sibley as a representative to Congress . 
 Stephen A. Douglas ( D ) , the chair of the United States Senate Committee on Territories , drafted the bill authorizing the Minnesota Territory in 1848 . He had envisioned a future for the upper Mississippi valley , so he was motivated to keep the area from being carved up by neighboring territories . In 1846 , he had prevented Iowa from including Fort Snelling and Saint Anthony Falls within its northern border . In 1847 , he kept the organizers of Wisconsin from including Saint Paul and Saint Anthony Falls . The Minnesota Territory was established from the lands remaining from Iowa Territory and Wisconsin Territory on March 3 , 1849 . The Minnesota Territory extended far into what is now North Dakota and South Dakota , to the Missouri River . There was a dispute over the shape of the state to be carved out of Minnesota Territory . An alternate proposal that was only narrowly defeated would have made the 46th parallel the state 's northern border and the Missouri River its western border , thus giving up the whole northern half of the state in exchange for the eastern half of what later became South Dakota . 
 Alexander Ramsey ( W ) became the first governor of Minnesota Territory and Henry Hastings Sibley ( D ) became the territorial delegate to the United States Congress . Henry M. Rice ( D ) , who replaced Sibley as the territorial delegate in 1853 , worked in Congress to promote Minnesota interests . He lobbied for the construction of a railroad connecting Saint Paul and Lake Superior , with a link from Saint Paul to the Illinois Central Railroad . 
 
 = = Organization and statehood = = 
 
 Before 1856 there was minimal discussion of statehood within Minnesota . However , as discussion of a potential transcontinental railroad in the U.S. became serious , leaders in Minnesota recognized that a territory was in a weak position to lobby for this economic opportunity . 
 In December 1856 , Rice brought forward two bills in Congress : an enabling act that would allow Minnesota to form a state constitution , and a railroad land grant bill . The enabling act defined a state containing both prairie and forest lands with the boundaries drawn as they are today . The bid for statehood came at a time when North @-@ South tensions in the U.S. were rising , tensions that would later lead to the American Civil War . Debate over admitting Minnesota as a free state was heated , but the enabling act was finally passed on February 26 , 1857 . 
 A constitutional convention was assembled in the territory in July 1857 . Divisions between Republicans and Democrats led to the drafting of two separate constitutions . The larger cities of Saint Paul , Saint Anthony , and Stillwater were the domain of the Democrats whereas agrarian southern Minnesota was the domain of the Republicans . A single constitution was finally worked out between the two factions though the more powerful Democrats ultimately prevailed on most issues . The resentment between the two parties remained so acrimonious that two separate copies of the constitution had to be used so that members of each party did not have to sign a copy signed by members of the other party . The copies were signed on August 29 , 1857 and an election was called on October 13 , 1857 to approve the document . 30 @,@ 055 voters approved the constitution , while 571 rejected it . 
 The state constitution was sent to the United States Congress for ratification in December 1857 . The approval process was drawn out for several months while Congress debated over issues that had stemmed from the Kansas @-@ Nebraska Act . Once questions surrounding Kansas were settled the bill for Minnesota 's admittance was passed . The eastern half of the Minnesota Territory , under the boundaries defined by Henry Mower Rice , became the country 's 32nd state on May 11 , 1858 . The western part remained unorganized until its incorporation into the Dakota Territory on March 2 , 1861 . 
 
 = = In popular culture = = 
 
 In 1855 Henry Wadsworth Longfellow , who had never explored Minnesota himself , published The Song of Hiawatha containing many references to regions in Minnesota . The story was based on Ojibwe legends carried back east by other explorers and traders ( particularly those collected by Henry Rowe Schoolcraft ) . 
 Joseph Rolette ( also known as " Jolly Joe " ) was a fur trader and territorial legislator of partially Métis ( mixed French / Native American ) ancestry who became an iconic figure known in Minnesota history for his irreverence . His most famous escapade was one in which , following the passage of a bill in 1857 which would have moved the territorial capital from Saint Paul to Saint Peter , Rolette absconded with the bill preventing it from becoming law . This and other stories were passed down for generations making Rolette as much a legend as a historical figure . 
 The " Gopher State " moniker , by which the state today is widely known , was selected in the mid @-@ 19th century as a means to create an identity for the state . Though some believed that " Beaver State " should be selected instead as more dignified , a political cartoon featuring a gopher soon solidified " Gopher State " as the more well @-@ known identity . 
 
 
 = Mitsuyo Maeda = 
 
 Mitsuyo Maeda ( 前田 光世 , Maeda Mitsuyo , born December 18 , 1878 in Funazawa village , Hirosaki , Aomori , Japan – November 28 , 1941 ) , a Brazilian naturalized as Otávio Maeda ( Portuguese pronunciation : [ oˈtavju mɐˈedɐ ] ) , was a Japanese judōka ( judo expert ) and prizefighter in no holds barred competitions . He was also known as Count Combat or Conde Koma in Spanish and Portuguese , a nickname he picked up in Spain in 1908 . Along with Antônio Soshihiro Satake ( another naturalized Brazilian ) , he pioneered judo in Brazil , the United Kingdom , and other countries . 
 Maeda was fundamental to the development of Brazilian Jiu @-@ Jitsu , including through his teaching of Carlos Gracie and others of the Gracie family . He was also a promoter of Japanese emigration to Brazil . Maeda won more than 2 @,@ 000 professional fights in his career . His accomplishments led to him being called the " toughest man who ever lived " and being referred to as the father of Brazilian Jiu @-@ jitsu . 
 
 = = Biography = = 
 
 Maeda was born in Funazawa Village , Hirosaki City , Aomori Prefecture , Japan , on November 18 , 1878 . He attended Kenritsu Itiu high school ( currently Hirokou — a Hirosaki school ) . As a child , he was known as Hideyo . He practiced sumo as a teenager , but lacked the ideal build for the sport . Because of the interest generated by stories about the success of judo at contests between judo and jujutsu that were occurring at the time , he changed from sumo to judo . In 1894 , at seventeen years of age , his parents sent him to Tokyo to enroll in Waseda University . He took up Kodokan judo the following year . 
 
 = = = Formative years at the Kodokan = = = 
 
 Arriving in the Kodokan , Maeda , who was 164 cm tall and weighed 64 kg , was confused with a delivery boy due to his country manners and demeanor . He was spotted by judo 's founder Kano Jigoro , and assigned to Tsunejiro Tomita ( 4th dan at the time ) , the smallest of the teachers of the Kodokan 's shiten @-@ no , to illustrate that in judo size is not important . Tomita was the first Kodokan judoka and a close friend of Kano . According to Koyasu Masao ( 9th dan ) : 
 Although the weakest of Kodokan shiten @-@ no , Tomita was able to defeat the great jujutsu champion of that time , Hansuke Nakamura , from the Tenjin Shin 'yō @-@ ryū style . 
 With Soishiro Satake , Maeda formed the head of the second generation of Kodokan judoka , which had replaced the first by the beginning of the 20th century . Satake , at 175 cm and 80 kg , was unmatched in amateur sumo but admitted that he himself was not able to match Maeda in judo . Satake would later travel to South America with Maeda and settle in Manaus , Amazonas State , while Maeda continued traveling . Satake would become the founder , in 1914 , of the first historically registered judo academy in Brazil . He and Maeda are considered the pioneers of judo in Brazil . 
 At that time , there were few graduated Kodokan judoka . Maeda and Satake were the top graduated professors at Waseda University , both sandan ( 3rd dan ) , along with Matsuhiro Ritaro ( nidan or 2nd dan ) and six other shodan ( 1st dan ) . Kyuzo Mifune registered at the Kodokan in 1903 and attracted the attention of Maeda , who commented , " you are strong and competent , therefore , you will certainly leave your mark in the Kodokan ... " Mifune went to learn under Sakujiro Yokoyama and later , already a celebrated judoka , Mifune said that Maeda 's words were a great incentive , as he regarded Maeda with the greatest admiration , even though Yokoyama was his sensei ( instructor ) . 
 According to Mifune , in 1904 Maeda lost to Yoshitake Yoshio by hane goshi , after defeating three adversaries in succession , but in a following tsukinami @-@ shiai defeated eight adversaries in a row and was awarded the rank of 4th dan ( yondan ) . Mifune also states that Maeda was one of the most vigorous promoters of judo , although not by teaching the art , instead generating recognition of judo through his many combats with contenders from other disciplines . Maeda treated experienced and inexperienced students alike , throwing them as if in real combat . He reasoned that this behavior was a measure of respect towards his students , but it was often misunderstood and frightened many youngsters , who would abandon him in favor of other professors . 
 
 = = = Prelude to Kodokan 's expansion = = = 
 
 In 1879 , Ulysses S. Grant , the former President of the United States , visited Japan . While in Tokyo , he attended a jujutsu presentation at Shibusawa Eiichi 's home in Asukayama . Kano Jigoro was one of the jujutsuka present . At that time , jujutsu was just starting to become known in Europe and the Americas . Excepting literal circus acts , few non @-@ Japanese had much chance of seeing or learning about the art . Even in Japan , judo and jujutsu were not considered separate disciplines at that time . Indeed , it was not until 1925 that there started to be clear differentiation of the names in Japan , and outside Japan , judo and jujutsu were not completely separated until the 1950s . 
 In 1903 , a senior Kodokan instructor named Yamashita Yoshiaki traveled to the United States at the request of the Seattle businessman Sam Hill . In Washington , DC , Yamashita 's students included Theodore Roosevelt and other prominent Americans . At Roosevelt 's request , Yamashita also taught judo at the US Naval Academy . Capitalizing on the publicity , the Japanese Legation in the USA asked the Kodokan to send more judo teachers to America , providing continuity to Yamashita 's work . Tomita reluctantly accepted the task ; Maeda and Satake embraced the opportunity . 
 
 = = = Career = = = 
 
 
 = = = = United States = = = = 
 
 Tomita , Maeda , and Satake sailed from Yokohama on November 16 , 1904 , and arrived in New York City on December 8 , 1904 . 
 Early in 1905 , Tomita and Maeda gave several public demonstrations of judo . On February 17 , 1905 , Tomita and Maeda gave a demonstration at Princeton University , when Maeda threw N. B. Tooker , a Princeton football player , while Tomita threw Samuel Feagles , the Princeton gymnasium instructor . On February 21 , 1905 , they gave a judo demonstration at the United States Military Academy at West Point , where Tomita and Maeda performed kata ( patterns ) — nage @-@ no , koshiki , ju @-@ no , and so on . At the request of the crowd , Maeda wrestled a cadet and threw him easily . Because Tomita had been the thrower in the kata , the cadets wanted to wrestle him too . Tomita threw the first ( Charles Daly ) without any trouble . However , Tomita twice failed to throw another football player named Tipton using tomoe @-@ nage ( stomach throw ) . Afterwards , the New York sportswriters claimed the victory for the cadets because Tomita was thrown , whereas the Japanese embassy staff proclaimed that Tomita had achieved a moral victory , on the grounds that he was a far smaller man . 
 A conflicting account provided by the New York Times on February 21 , referring to Tomita as " Prof. Tomet , " states that 
 In any event , later that year the US Military Academy hired a former world champion professional wrestler , Tom Jenkins , instead of a judo teacher , a job Jenkins kept until his retirement in 1942 . 
 The Japanese experts did better at the New York Athletic Club on March 8 , 1905 : " Their best throw was a sort of flying cartwheel , " said an article in the New York Times , describing Maeda 's match with John Naething , a 200 lb wrestler . " Because of the difference in methods the two men rolled about the mat like schoolboys in a rough @-@ and @-@ tumble fight . After fifteen minutes of wrestling , Maeda secured the first fall . Ultimately , however , Naething was awarded the match by pin fall . " On March 21 , 1905 , Tomita and Maeda gave a " jiu @-@ do " demonstration at Columbia University attended by about 200 people . Following introductions , Tomita demonstrated falls and throws , then Maeda threw the university 's wrestling instructor . According to the student newspaper , " Another interesting feature was the exhibition of some of the obsolete jiu jitsu tricks for defense with a fan against an opponent armed with the curved Japanese sword . " Translations were provided by chemist Takamine Jokichi . 
 During April 1905 , Tomita and Maeda started a judo club in a commercial space at 1947 Broadway in New York . Members of this club included Japanese expatriates , plus a European American woman named Wilma Berger . On July 6 , 1905 , Tomita and Maeda gave a judo exhibition at the YMCA in Newport , Rhode Island . On September 30 , 1905 , they gave a demonstration at another YMCA , in Lockport , New York . In Lockport , the local opponent was Mason Shimer , who wrestled Tomita unsuccessfully . 
 On November 6 , 1905 , Maeda was reported visiting professional wrestler Akitaro Ono in Asheville , North Carolina ; after this , Maeda was no longer routinely associated with Tomita in the US newspapers . On December 18 , 1905 , Maeda was in Atlanta , Georgia , for a professional wrestling match with Sam Marburger . The contest was best of three , two falls with jackets and one without , and Maeda won the two with jackets and lost the one without . According to the Atlanta papers , Maeda listed his residence as the YMCA in Selma , Alabama . 
 Maeda was fond of the name and started using it to promote his art thereafter . 
 
 = = = = Cuba , Mexico , and Central America = = = = 
 
 During November 1908 , Maeda went to Paris , France , apparently to see his friend Akitaro Ono . From Paris , he went to Havana , arriving there on December 14 , 1908 , and his twice @-@ a @-@ day wrestling act quickly proved to be very popular . On July 23 , 1909 , Maeda left Havana for Mexico City . His debut in Mexico City took place at the Virginia Fabregas Theater on July 14 , 1909 . This show was a private demonstration for some military cadets . Shortly afterwards , Maeda began appearing at the Principal Theater . His standing offer was 100 pesos ( US $ 50 ) to anyone he could not throw , and 500 pesos ( US $ 250 ) to anyone who could throw him . The Mexican Herald did not record anyone taking his money . 
 During September 1909 , a Japanese calling himself ' Nobu Taka ' arrived in Mexico City for the purpose of challenging Maeda for what the Mexican Herald said would be the world jujutsu championship . After several months of public wrangling , Taka and Maeda met at the Colon Theater on November 16 , 1909 ; Taka won . There was an immediate rematch , and four days later , Maeda was pronounced the champion . It was later revealed that Taka was , in fact , Maeda 's old friend , Soishiro Satake . 
 In January 1910 , Maeda took part in a wrestling tournament in Mexico City . During the semifinals , Maeda drew with Hjalmar Lundin . This is a different result than Lundin recalled in his 1937 memoirs . Said Lundin , " Having been accustomed to handling the big Greco @-@ Roman wrestlers with ease , the Jap thought he could do likewise with me , but in the first encounter I got the better of him , after which my confidence returned . I had no trouble then in winning the match . It was a surprise to the crowd and a set @-@ back for Koma . He had been the hero all week , but as soon as he was beaten the fans , true to form , called him a bum . " 
 In July 1910 , Maeda returned to Cuba , where he tried to arrange matches with Frank Gotch and Jack Johnson . The Americans ignored him — there was no money to be made wrestling him , and much money to be lost if they lost to him . On August 23 , 1910 , Maeda wrestled Jack Connell in Havana ; the result was a draw . During 1911 , Maeda and Satake were joined in Cuba by Akitaro Ono and Tokugoro Ito . The four men were known as the ' Four Kings of Cuba.' 
 The Four Kings were very popular in Cuba , and the Japanese media were proud of the reputation they were bringing to judo and Japan . Consequently , on January 8 , 1912 , the Kodokan promoted Maeda to 5th dan . There was some resistance to this decision because there were those in Japan who did not approve of his involvement in professional wrestling . In 1913 , Tokugoro Ito stayed in Cuba while Maeda and Satake went to El Salvador , Costa Rica , Honduras , Panama , Colombia , Ecuador and Peru . In El Salvador , the president was assassinated while Maeda was there , and in Panama , the Americans tried to pay him to lose ; in response , they kept moving south . In Peru they met Laku , a Japanese jujutsuka who taught the military , and invited him to join them . They were then joined by Okura in Chile , and by Shimitsu in Argentina . The troupe arrived in Brazil on November 14 , 1914 . 
 
 = = = = Brazil = = = = 
 
 According to a copy of Maeda 's passport provided by Gotta Tsutsumi , head of Belém 's Associação Paramazônica Nipako , Maeda arrived in Porto Alegre on November 14 , 1914 , where his first exhibition in Brazil took place . After appearing in Porto Alegre , Maeda and his companions moved throughout the country : on August 26 , 1915 , Maeda , Satake , Okura , Shimitsu , and Laku were at Recife ; during October 1915 , they were in Belém , finally arriving in Manaus on December 18 , 1915 . Tokugoro Ito arrived some time later . 
 On December 20 , 1915 , the first demonstration in Belém took place at the Theatro Politheama . The O Tempo newspaper announced the event , stating that Conde Koma would show the main jiu @-@ jitsu techniques , excepting the prohibited ones . He would also demonstrate self @-@ defense techniques . After that , the troupe would be accepting challenges from the crowd , and there would be the first sensational match of jiu @-@ jitsu between Shimitsu ( champion of Argentina ) and Laku ( Peruvian military professor ) . On December 22 , 1915 , according to O Tempo , jiu @-@ jitsu world champion Maeda , head of the Japanese troupe , and Satake , New York champion , performed an enthusiastic and sensational jiu @-@ jitsu match . On the same day , Nagib Assef , an Australian Greco @-@ Roman wrestling champion of Turkish origin , challenged Maeda . On December 24 , 1915 , Maeda defeated in seconds the boxer Barbadiano Adolpho Corbiniano , who became one of his disciples . On January 3 , 1916 at Theatro Politheama , Maeda finally fought Nagib Assef , who was thrown off the stage and pinned into submission by arm @-@ lock . On January 8 , 1916 , Maeda , Okura , and Shimitsu boarded the SS Antony and left for Liverpool . Tokugoro Ito went to Los Angeles . Satake and Laku stayed in Manaus teaching , according to O Tempo , jiu @-@ jitsu . After 15 years together , Maeda and Satake had finally split up . Of this last trip , little is known . Maeda went from England to Portugal , Spain , and France , coming back to Brazil in 1917 alone . Settling in Belém do Pará , Maeda married D. May Iris . 
 Maeda was still popular in Brazil , and recognized as a great fighter , although he only fought sporadically after his return . Around 1918 – 1919 , Maeda accepted a challenge from the famous capoeirista Pé de Bola . Maeda allowed Pé de Bola to use a knife in the fight . The capoeirista was 190 cm tall and weighed 100 kg . Maeda won the match quickly . In 1921 , Maeda founded his first judo academy in Brazil . It was called Clube Remo , and its building was a 4 m x 4 m shed . Later , it was moved to the Fire Brigade headquarters and then to the church of N. S. de Aparecida . In 1991 , the Academy was located in the SESI and was run by Alfredo Mendes Coimbra , of the third generation of Conde Koma 's descendants . 
 On September 18 , 1921 , Maeda , Satake , and Okura were briefly in New York City . They were aboard the Booth Line steamship SS Polycarp . All three men listed their occupations as professors of " juitso " . After leaving New York , the three men went to the Caribbean , where they stayed from September to December 1921 . At some point in this trip , Maeda was joined by his wife . In Havana , Satake and Maeda took part in some contests . Their opponents included Paul Alvarez , who wrestled as Espanol Icognito . Alvarez defeated Satake and Yako Okura — the latter being billed as a former instructor at the Chilean Naval Academy — before being himself beaten by Maeda . Maeda also defeated a Cuban boxer called Jose Ibarra , and a French wrestler called Fournier . The Havana papers attributed Maeda with a Cuban student called Conde Chenard . 
 
 = = = Later years = = = 
 
 In 1925 , Maeda became involved with helping settle Japanese immigrants near Tome @-@ açú , a Japanese @-@ owned company town in Pará , Brazil . This was part of a large tract in the Amazon forest set aside for Japanese settlement by the Brazilian government . The crops grown by the Japanese were not popular with the Brazilians , and the Japanese investors eventually gave up on the project . Maeda also continued teaching judo , now mostly to the children of Japanese immigrants . Consequently , in 1929 , the Kodokan promoted him to 6th dan , and on November 27 , 1941 , to 7th dan . Maeda never knew of this final promotion , because he died in Belém on November 28 , 1941 . The cause of death was kidney disease . 
 In May 1956 , a memorial to Maeda was erected in Hirosaki City , Japan . The dedication ceremony was attended by Risei Kano and Kaichiro Samura . 
 
 = = Influence on the creation of Brazilian Jiu Jitsu = = 
 
 Gastão Gracie was a business partner of the American Circus in Belém . In 1916 , Italian Argentine circus Queirolo Brothers staged shows there and presented Maeda . In 1917 , Carlos Gracie — 14 ‑ year @-@ old son of Gastão Gracie — watched a demonstration by Maeda at the Da Paz Theatre and decided to learn judo ( also known at the time as ' Kano Jiu @-@ Jitsu ' ) . Maeda accepted Gracie and Luiz França as students [ 1 ] , and the youth went on to become a great exponent of the art and ultimately , with his younger brother Hélio Gracie , founded Gracie Jiu @-@ Jitsu , modern Brazilian Jiu @-@ Jitsu . In 1921 , Gastão Gracie and his family moved to Rio de Janeiro . Carlos , then 17 years old , passed Maeda 's teachings on to his brothers Osvaldo , Gastão , and Jorge . Hélio is considered by many as the founder of Brazilian Jiu @-@ Jitsu ( though others , such as Carlson Gracie , have pointed to Carlos as the founder ) . 
 
 = = Maeda 's philosophy of combat = = 
 
 According to Renzo Gracie 's book Mastering Jujitsu , Maeda not only taught the art of judo to Carlos Gracie , but also taught a particular philosophy about the nature of combat based on his travels competing and training alongside catch @-@ wrestlers , boxers , savate fighters , and various other martial artists . The book details Maeda 's theory that physical combat could be broken down into distinct phases , such as the striking phase , the grappling phase , the ground phase , and so on . Thus , it was a smart fighter 's task to keep the fight located in the phase of combat that best suited his own strengths . The book further states that this theory was a fundamental influence on the Gracie approach to combat . The approach included armed versus armed , armed versus unarmed , unarmed , standing ( tachiwaza , 立ち技 ) , kneeling ( suwariwaza , 座技 ) , and ground work ( newaza , 寝技 ) , close quarters ( hakuheijugi , 白兵主義 ) , and other forms of combat . It was employed by other proponents of judo ( ' Kano jiu @-@ jutsu ' ) who , like Maeda , engaged in challenge match fighting overseas as judo spread internationally ( e.g. , Yukio Tani in the United Kingdom from 1905 , Mikonosuke Kawaishi in France , and others ) . 
 
 
 = Kitsune = 
 
 Kitsune ( 狐 , キツネ , IPA : [ kitsu ͍ ne ] ) is the Japanese word for fox . Foxes are a common subject of Japanese folklore ; in English , kitsune refers to them in this context . Stories depict them as intelligent beings and as possessing magical abilities that increase with their age and wisdom . According to Yōkai folklore , all foxes have the ability to shape shift into men or women . While some folktales speak of kitsune employing this ability to trick others — as foxes in folklore often do — other stories portray them as faithful guardians , friends , lovers , and wives . 
 Foxes and human beings lived close together in ancient Japan ; this companionship gave rise to legends about the creatures . Kitsune have become closely associated with Inari , a Shinto kami or spirit , and serve as its messengers . This role has reinforced the fox 's supernatural significance . The more tails a kitsune has — they may have as many as nine — the older , wiser , and more powerful it is . Because of their potential power and influence , some people make offerings to them as to a deity . 
 Conversely foxes were often seen as " witch animals " , especially during the superstitious Edo period ( 1603 – 1867 ) , and were goblins who could not be trusted ( similar to some badgers and cats ) . 
 
 = = Origins = = 
 
 Japanese fox myths had its origins in Chinese mythology . Chinese folk tales tell of fox spirits called húli jīng ( Chinese : 狐狸精 ) that may have up to nine tails ( Kyūbi no Kitsune in Japanese ) . Many of the earliest surviving stories are recorded in the Konjaku Monogatarishū , an 11th @-@ century collection of Chinese , Indian , and Japanese narratives . The nine @-@ tailed foxes came to be adapted as a motif from Chinese mythology to Japanese mythology . 
 Smyers ( 1999 ) notes that the idea of the fox as seductress and the connection of the fox myths to Buddhism were introduced into Japanese folklore through similar Chinese stories , but she maintains that some fox stories contain elements unique to Japan . 
 
 = = = Etymology = = = 
 
 The full etymology is unknown . The oldest known usage of the word is in the 794 text Shin 'yaku Kegonkyō Ongi Shiki . Other old sources include Nihon Ryōiki ( 810 – 824 ) and Wamyō Ruijushō ( c . 934 ) . These oldest sources are written in Man 'yōgana which clearly identifies the historical spelling as ki1tune . Following several diachronic phonological changes , this becomes kitsune . 
 Many etymological suggestions have been made , though there is no general agreement : 
 Myōgoki ( 1268 ) suggests that it is so called because it is " always ( tsune ) yellow ( ki ) " . 
 Early Kamakura period Mizukagami indicates that it means " came ( ki ) [ perfective aspect particle tsu ] to bedroom ( ne ) " due to a legend that a kitsune would change into one 's wife and bear children . 
 Arai Hakuseki in Tōga ( 1717 ) suggests that ki means " stench " , tsu is a possessive particle , and ne is related to inu , the word for " dog " . 
 Tanikawa Kotosuga in Wakun no Shiori ( 1777 – 1887 ) suggests that ki means " yellow " , tsu is a possessive particle , and ne is related to neko , the word for cat . 
 Ōtsuki Fumihiko in Daigenkai ( 1932 – 1935 ) proposes that the word comes from kitsu , which is onomatopoeia for the bark of a fox , and ne , which may be an affix or an honorific word meaning a servant of an Inari shrine . 
 Nozaki also suggests that the word kitsune was originally onomatopoetic . Kitsu represented a fox 's yelp and came to be the general word for fox . -Ne signifies an affectionate mood . 
 Kitsu is now archaic ; in modern Japanese , a fox 's cry is transcribed as kon kon or gon gon . 
 One of the oldest surviving kitsune tales provides a widely known folk etymology of the word kitsune . Unlike most tales of kitsune who become human and marry human males , this one does not end tragically : 
 Ono , an inhabitant of Mino ( says an ancient Japanese legend of A.D. 545 ) , spent the seasons longing for his ideal of female beauty . He met her one evening on a vast moor and married her . Simultaneously with the birth of their son , Ono 's dog was delivered of a pup which as it grew up became more and more hostile to the lady of the moors . She begged her husband to kill it , but he refused . At last one day the dog attacked her so furiously that she lost courage , resumed vulpine shape , leaped over a fence and fled . 
 " You may be a fox , " Ono called after her , " but you are the mother of my son and I love you . Come back when you please ; you will always be welcome . " 
 So every evening she stole back and slept in his arms . 
 Because the fox returns to her husband each night as a woman but leaves each morning as a fox , she is called Kitsune . In classical Japanese , kitsu @-@ ne means come and sleep , and ki @-@ tsune means always comes . 
 
 = = Characteristics = = 
 
 Kitsune are believed to possess superior intelligence , long life , and magical powers . They are a type of yōkai , or spiritual entity , and the word kitsune is often translated as fox spirit . However , this does not mean that kitsune are ghosts , nor that they are fundamentally different from regular foxes . Because the word spirit is used to reflect a state of knowledge or enlightenment , all long @-@ lived foxes gain supernatural abilities . 
 There are two common classifications of kitsune . The zenko ( 善狐 , literally good foxes ) are benevolent , celestial foxes associated with Inari ; they are sometimes simply called Inari foxes . On the other hand , the yako ( 野狐 , literally field foxes , also called nogitsune ) tend to be mischievous or even malicious . Local traditions add further types . For example , a ninko is an invisible fox spirit that human beings can only perceive when it possesses them . 
 Physically , kitsune are noted for having as many as nine tails . Generally , a greater number of tails indicates an older and more powerful fox ; in fact , some folktales say that a fox will only grow additional tails after it has lived 100 years . One , five , seven , and nine tails are the most common numbers in folk stories . When a kitsune gains its ninth tail , its fur becomes white or gold . These kyūbi no kitsune ( 九尾の狐 , nine @-@ tailed foxes ) gain the abilities to see and hear anything happening anywhere in the world . Other tales credit them with infinite wisdom ( omniscience ) . 
 
 = = = Shapeshifting = = = 
 
 A kitsune may take on human form , an ability learned when it reaches a certain age — usually 100 years , although some tales say 50 . As a common prerequisite for the transformation , the fox must place reeds , a broad leaf , or a skull over its head . Common forms assumed by kitsune include beautiful women , young girls , or elderly men . These shapes are not limited by the fox 's age or gender , and a kitsune can duplicate the appearance of a specific person . Foxes are particularly renowned for impersonating beautiful women . Common belief in medieval Japan was that any woman encountered alone , especially at dusk or night , could be a fox . Kitsune @-@ gao or fox @-@ faced refers to human females who have a narrow face with close @-@ set eyes , thin eyebrows , and high cheekbones . Traditionally , this facial structure is considered attractive , and some tales ascribe it to foxes in human form . Variants on the theme have the kitsune retain other foxlike traits , such as a coating of fine hair , a fox @-@ shaped shadow , or a reflection that shows its true form . 
 In some stories , kitsune have difficulty hiding their tails when they take human form ; looking for the tail , perhaps when the fox gets drunk or careless , is a common method of discerning the creature 's true nature . A particularly devout individual may in some cases even be able to see through a fox 's disguise merely by perceiving them . Kitsune may also be exposed while in human form by their fear and hatred of dogs , and some become so rattled by their presence that they revert to the form of a fox and flee . 
 One folk story illustrating these imperfections in the kitsune 's human shape concerns Koan , a historical person credited with wisdom and magical powers of divination . According to the story , he was staying at the home of one of his devotees when he scalded his foot entering a bath because the water had been drawn too hot . Then , " in his pain , he ran out of the bathroom naked . When the people of the household saw him , they were astonished to see that Koan had fur covering much of his body , along with a fox 's tail . Then Koan transformed in front of them , becoming an elderly fox and running away . " 
 Other supernatural abilities commonly attributed to the kitsune include possession , mouths or tails that generate fire or lightning ( known as kitsunebi ) , willful manifestation in the dreams of others , flight , invisibility , and the creation of illusions so elaborate as to be almost indistinguishable from reality . Some tales speak of kitsune with even greater powers , able to bend time and space , drive people mad , or take fantastic shapes such as a tree of incredible height or a second moon in the sky . Other kitsune have characteristics reminiscent of vampires or succubi and feed on the life or spirit of human beings , generally through sexual contact . 
 
 = = = Kitsunetsuki = = = 
 
 Kitsunetsuki ( Japanese : 狐憑き , 狐付き ) , also written kitsune @-@ tsuki , literally means " the state of being possessed by a fox " . The victim is usually a young woman , whom the fox enters beneath her fingernails or through her breasts . In some cases , the victims ' facial expressions are said to change in such a way that they resemble those of a fox . Japanese tradition holds that fox possession can cause illiterate victims to temporarily gain the ability to read . Though foxes in folklore can possess a person of their own will , kitsunetsuki is often attributed to the malign intents of hereditary fox employers , or tsukimono @-@ suji . 
 Folklorist Lafcadio Hearn describes the condition : 
 Strange is the madness of those into whom demon foxes enter . Sometimes they run naked shouting through the streets . Sometimes they lie down and froth at the mouth , and yelp as a fox yelps . And on some part of the body of the possessed a moving lump appears under the skin , which seems to have a life of its own . Prick it with a needle , and it glides instantly to another place . By no grasp can it be so tightly compressed by a strong hand that it will not slip from under the fingers . Possessed folk are also said to speak and write languages of which they were totally ignorant prior to possession . They eat only what foxes are believed to like — tofu , aburagé , azukimeshi , etc . — and they eat a great deal , alleging that not they , but the possessing foxes , are hungry . 
 He goes on to note that , once freed from the possession , the victim will never again be able to eat tofu , azukimeshi , or other foods favored by foxes : 
 Exorcism , often performed at an Inari shrine , may induce a fox to leave its host . In the past , when such gentle measures failed or a priest was not available , victims of kitsunetsuki were beaten or badly burned in hopes of forcing the fox to leave . Entire families were ostracized by their communities after a member of the family was thought to be possessed . 
 In Japan , kitsunetsuki was noted as a disease as early as the Heian period and remained a common diagnosis for mental illness until the early 20th century . Possession was the explanation for the abnormal behavior displayed by the afflicted individuals . In the late 19th century , Dr. Shunichi Shimamura noted that physical diseases that caused fever were often considered kitsunetsuki . The belief has lost favor , but stories of fox possession still occur , such as allegations that members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult had been possessed . 
 In medicine , kitsunetsuki is a culture @-@ bound syndrome unique to Japanese culture . Those who suffer from the condition believe they are possessed by a fox . Symptoms include cravings for rice or sweet adzuki beans , listlessness , restlessness , and aversion to eye contact . Kitsunetsuki is similar to but distinct from clinical lycanthropy . 
 
 = = = Hoshi no tama = = = 
 
 Depictions of kitsune or their possessed victims may feature round or onion @-@ shaped white balls known as hoshi no tama ( ほしのたま , star balls ) . Tales describe these as glowing with kitsunebi . Some stories identify them as magical jewels or pearls . When not in human form or possessing a human , a kitsune keeps the ball in its mouth or carries it on its tail . Jewels are a common symbol of Inari , and representations of sacred Inari foxes without them are rare . 
 One belief is that when a kitsune changes shape , its hoshi no tama holds a portion of its magical power . Another tradition is that the pearl represents the kitsune 's soul ; the kitsune will die if separated from it for long . Those who obtain the ball may be able to extract a promise from the kitsune to help them in exchange for its return . For example , a 12th @-@ century tale describes a man using a fox 's hoshi no tama to secure a favor : 
 " Confound you ! " snapped the fox . " Give me back my ball ! " The man ignored its pleas till finally it said tearfully , " All right , you 've got the ball , but you don 't know how to keep it . It won 't be any good to you . For me , it 's a terrible loss . I tell you , if you don 't give it back , I 'll be your enemy forever . If you do give it back though , I 'll stick to you like a protector god . " 
 The fox later saves his life by leading him past a band of armed robbers . 
 
 = = Portrayal = = 
 
 Embedded in Japanese folklore as they are , kitsune appear in numerous Japanese works . Noh , kyogen , bunraku , and kabuki plays derived from folk tales feature them , as do contemporary works such as anime , manga and video games . Japanese metal idol band Babymetal refer to the kitsune myth in their lyrics and include the use of fox masks , hand signs , and animation interludes during live shows . Western authors of fiction have also made use of the kitsune legends . 
 
 = = = Servants of Inari = = = 
 
 Kitsune are associated with Inari , the Shinto deity of rice . This association has reinforced the fox 's supernatural significance . Originally , kitsune were Inari 's messengers , but the line between the two is now blurred so that Inari Ōkami may be depicted as a fox . Likewise , entire shrines are dedicated to kitsune , where devotees can leave offerings . Fox spirits are said to be particularly fond of a fried sliced tofu called aburage , which is accordingly found in the noodle @-@ based dishes kitsune udon and kitsune soba . Similarly , Inari @-@ zushi is a type of sushi named for Inari Ōkami that consists of rice @-@ filled pouches of fried tofu . There is speculation among folklorists as to whether another Shinto fox deity existed in the past . Foxes have long been worshipped as kami . 
 Inari 's kitsune are white , a color of good omen . They possess the power to ward off evil , and they sometimes serve as guardian spirits . In addition to protecting Inari shrines , they are petitioned to intervene on behalf of the locals and particularly to aid against troublesome nogitsune , those spirit foxes who do not serve Inari . Black foxes and nine @-@ tailed foxes are likewise considered good omens . 
 According to beliefs derived from fusui ( feng shui ) , the fox 's power over evil is such that a mere statue of a fox can dispel the evil kimon , or energy , that flows from the northeast . Many Inari shrines , such as the famous Fushimi Inari shrine in Kyoto , feature such statues , sometimes large numbers of them . 
 Kitsune are connected to the Buddhist religion through the Dakiniten , goddesses conflated with Inari 's female aspect . Dakiniten is depicted as a female boddhisattva wielding a sword and riding a flying white fox . 
 
 = = = Tricksters = = = 
 
 Kitsune are often presented as tricksters , with motives that vary from mischief to malevolence . Stories tell of kitsune playing tricks on overly proud samurai , greedy merchants , and boastful commoners , while the crueler ones abuse poor tradesmen and farmers or devout Buddhist monks . Their victims are usually men ; women are possessed instead . For example , kitsune are thought to employ their kitsunebi to lead travelers astray in the manner of a will o ' the wisp . Another tactic is for the kitsune to confuse its target with illusions or visions . Other common goals of trickster kitsune include seduction , theft of food , humiliation of the prideful , or vengeance for a perceived slight . 
 A traditional game called kitsune @-@ ken ( fox @-@ fist ) references the kitsune 's powers over human beings . The game is similar to rock , paper , scissors , but the three hand positions signify a fox , a hunter , and a village headman . The headman beats the hunter , whom he outranks ; the hunter beats the fox , whom he shoots ; the fox beats the headman , whom he bewitches . 
 This ambiguous portrayal , coupled with their reputation for vengefulness , leads people to try to discover a troublesome fox 's motives . In one case , the 16th @-@ century leader Toyotomi Hideyoshi wrote a letter to the kami Inari : 
 To Inari Daimyojin , 
 My lord , I have the honor to inform you that one of the foxes under your jurisdiction has bewitched one of my servants , causing her and others a great deal of trouble . I have to request that you make minute inquiries into the matter , and endeavor to find out the reason of your subject misbehaving in this way , and let me know the result . 
 If it turns out that the fox has no adequate reason to give for his behavior , you are to arrest and punish him at once . If you hesitate to take action in this matter I shall issue orders for the destruction of every fox in the land . Any other particulars that you may wish to be informed of in reference to what has occurred , you can learn from the high priest of Yoshida . 
 Kitsune keep their promises and strive to repay any favor . Occasionally a kitsune attaches itself to a person or household , where they can cause all sorts of mischief . In one story from the 12th century , only the homeowner 's threat to exterminate the foxes convinces them to behave . The kitsune patriarch appears in the man 's dreams : 
 My father lived here before me , sir , and by now I have many children and grandchildren . They get into a lot of mischief , I 'm afraid , and I 'm always after them to stop , but they never listen . And now , sir , you 're understandably fed up with us . I gather that you 're going to kill us all . But I just want you to know , sir , how sorry I am that this is our last night of life . Won 't you pardon us , one more time ? If we ever make trouble again , then of course you must act as you think best . But the young ones , sir — I 'm sure they 'll understand when I explain to them why you 're so upset . We 'll do everything we can to protect you from now on , if only you 'll forgive us , and we 'll be sure to let you know when anything good is going to happen ! " 
 Other kitsune use their magic for the benefit of their companion or hosts as long as the human beings treat them with respect . As yōkai , however , kitsune do not share human morality , and a kitsune who has adopted a house in this manner may , for example , bring its host money or items that it has stolen from the neighbors . Accordingly , common households thought to harbor kitsune are treated with suspicion . Oddly , samurai families were often reputed to share similar arrangements with kitsune , but these foxes were considered zenko and the use of their magic a sign of prestige . Abandoned homes were common haunts for kitsune . One 12th @-@ century story tells of a minister moving into an old mansion only to discover a family of foxes living there . They first try to scare him away , then claim that the house " has been ours for many years , and ... we wish to register a vigorous protest . " The man refuses , and the foxes resign themselves to moving to an abandoned lot nearby . 
 Tales distinguish kitsune gifts from kitsune payments . If a kitsune offers a payment or reward that includes money or material wealth , part or all of the sum will consist of old paper , leaves , twigs , stones , or similar valueless items under a magical illusion . True kitsune gifts are usually intangibles , such as protection , knowledge , or long life . 
 
 = = = Wives and lovers = = = 
 
 Kitsune are commonly portrayed as lovers , usually in stories involving a young human male and a kitsune who takes the form of a human woman . The kitsune may be a seductress , but these stories are more often romantic in nature . Typically , the young man unknowingly marries the fox , who proves a devoted wife . The man eventually discovers the fox 's true nature , and the fox @-@ wife is forced to leave him . In some cases , the husband wakes as if from a dream , filthy , disoriented , and far from home . He must then return to confront his abandoned family in shame . 
 Many stories tell of fox @-@ wives bearing children . When such progeny are human , they possess special physical or supernatural qualities that often pass to their own children . The astrologer @-@ magician Abe no Seimei was reputed to have inherited such extraordinary powers . 
 Other stories tell of kitsune marrying one another . Rain falling from a clear sky — a sunshower — is called kitsune no yomeiri or the kitsune 's wedding , in reference to a folktale describing a wedding ceremony between the creatures being held during such conditions . The event is considered a good omen , but the kitsune will seek revenge on any uninvited guests , as is depicted in Akira Kurosawa 's film Dreams . 
 Stephen Turnbull , in " Nagashino 1575 " , relates the tale of the Takeda clan 's involvement with a fox @-@ woman . The warlord Takeda Shingen , in 1544 , defeated in battle a lesser local warlord named Suwa Yorishige and drove him to suicide after a " humiliating and spurious " peace conference , after which Shingen forced marriage on Suwa Yorishige 's beautiful 14 @-@ year @-@ old daughter Lady Koi — Shingen 's own niece . Shingen , Turnbull writes , " was so obsessed with the girl that his superstitious followers became alarmed and believed her to be an incarnation of the white fox @-@ spirit of the Suwa Shrine , who had bewitched him in order to gain revenge . " When their son Takeda Katsuyori proved to be a disastrous leader and led the clan to their devastating defeat at the battle of Nagashino , Turnbull writes , " wise old heads nodded , remembering the unhappy circumstances of his birth and his magical mother " . 
 
 
 = New York State Route 448 = 
 
 New York State Route 448 ( NY 448 ) is a 3 @.@ 90 @-@ mile ( 6 @.@ 28 km ) long state highway in western Westchester County , New York , in the United States . The route begins in the village of Sleepy Hollow at U.S. Route 9 ( US 9 ) and goes in a northeast direction through the Pocantico Hills community in Mount Pleasant . It ends at NY 117 in Mount Pleasant , near the junction of NY 117 with Saw Mill River Road ( NY 9A and NY 100 ) and the Taconic State Parkway . From 1930 to the early 1970s , NY 448 was part of NY 117 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 NY 448 begins at an intersection with New Broadway and US 9 ( North Broadway ) in the village of Sleepy Hollow , then heads through a residential area as Bedford Road . After the Webber Avenue intersection , NY 448 turns to the northeast , where it passes the athletic fields of Sleepy Hollow High School . NY 448 intersects with Sleepy Hollow Road , which leads into a residential development and parallels NY 448 northeastward for a short distance . 
 Near the southern edge of Rockefeller State Park Preserve , NY 448 turns east and enters Kykuit , the estate of the Rockefeller family . At the hamlet of Pocantico Hills , the highway intersects with Lake Road and turns to the northeast , passing through more residential areas as it leaves the estate . NY 448 passes the Pocantico Hills Central School on its way , continuing northeast towards Phelps Way ( NY 117 ) . The road continues through a vacant area and heads northward into Mount Pleasant , where NY 448 terminates at an intersection with NY 117 . Bedford Road continues east of this point as part of NY 117 . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The entirety of NY 448 was originally designated as part of NY 117 in the 1930 renumbering of state highways in New York . In 1932 – 33 , John D. Rockefeller offered to straighten a short section of NY 117 that passed through Kykuit , the Rockefeller family estate , citing safety concerns . The state expressed similar sentiments in 1949 , deeming the stretch unsafe for commercial traffic . By the 1960s , the annual average daily traffic count along NY 117 had grown to 5 @,@ 000 vehicles per day , far more than the 1 @,@ 800 that the road had originally been built to serve . This led the New York State Legislature to approve plans for a new alignment for NY 117 in 1965 . The new road would be located north of the existing road , relieving traffic congestion on the Albany Post Road ( US 9 ) and NY 117 and providing access to NY 9A , US 9 , the Taconic State Parkway and the proposed Hudson River Expressway in the North Tarrytown area . 
 Several different routes were considered for the alignment . The path ultimately selected by the state was a four @-@ lane , limited @-@ access highway 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north of the current alignment that would cost $ 5 @.@ 5 million ( 1966 USD ) . Another proposed route would have cost $ 8 million ( 1966 USD ) , containing additional grades and curves while coming closer to the Rockefeller estate . Construction on the new NY 117 was expected to begin before the end of 1966 . The reaction from area residents was mixed , with some believing that the only beneficiaries of a realigned NY 117 was the Rockefeller family . Rumors that the Rockefeller family had wanted NY 117 moved had existed as early as the 1930s , and US Representative Richard Ottinger believed that Nelson Rockefeller , then the Governor of New York , was using his political power to move NY 117 away from Kykuit at the cost of the state . An aide to the Rockefellers denied this charge . 
 The Sleepy Hollow Valley Committee , comprising 11 members whose homes were in the right @-@ of @-@ way of the new alignment , protested that the route would destroy the countryside . They were opposed by the Potantico Hills Residents Committee , as most residents in Potantico Hills supported the new alignment . The former committee filed a lawsuit in the New York State Supreme Court to block the new roadway , and they were joined in their efforts by conservationist groups and the village of North Tarrytown . On June 28 , 1966 , the case was heard by the court . Engineers with the New York State Department of Highways were accused of showing " unprecedented pell @-@ mell haste " in working on a project with the Rockefellers before any injunctions could stop it . State Attorney General Joseph Romano countered that the state was not conspiring to provide anyone special benefits , saying that NY 117 was dangerous for years and opponents to the project were " thinking up little gimmicks , picayune arguments and ethereal ideas to mislead the court . " 
 A request by the state to dismiss the suit was denied in August 1966 , and the case was eventually heard by the state Court of Appeals , the highest court in the state . In the meantime , the state built the easternmost mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) of the new alignment , which was not affected by the lawsuit . On July 7 , 1967 , the court ruled 6 – 1 in favor of the Sleepy Hollow Valley Committee . As a result , the western half of the new road was moved an additional mile to the north , bypassing North Tarrytown completely . The new alignment of NY 117 was completed in the early 1970s , and its former alignment along Bedford Road was redesignated as NY 448 . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The entire route is in Westchester County . 
 
 
 = Hurricane Tanya ( 1995 ) = 
 
 Hurricane Tanya was the final storm of the very active 1995 Atlantic hurricane season . The twenty @-@ first tropical cyclone , nineteenth named storm , and eleventh hurricane of the season , Tanya developed from a tropical wave while well north of the Lesser Antilles on October 26 . The system headed northeastward and strengthened into Tropical Storm Tanya on October 27 . Tanya meandered around the central Atlantic , and further intensified into a hurricane on October 29 . Thereafter , Tanya tracked northeastward before curving to the east @-@ northeast . After switching to an eastward direction , Tanya weakened to a tropical storm on November 1 . Later that day , Tanya passed through the Azores as it was transitioning into an extratropical cyclone . 
 Throughout the Azores , the extratropical remnants of Tanya produced high winds . As a result , extensive property damage occurred , which included destroyed or damaged houses , and sunken boats ; there were also reports of significant damage to agriculture . However , an exact damage toll figure in unknown . In addition , there was one fatality and several injuries . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 The origins of Hurricane Tanya were from a tropical wave that moved off the western coast of Africa in the middle of October . The wave closely followed the path of Tropical Storm Sebastien and was unable to develop in the tropical Atlantic as it moved westward . The system did not begin to become organized until October 25 while south @-@ southeast of Bermuda . However , the Dvorak technique was still unable to classify the system until October 26 as the low @-@ cloud swirl became better organized while moving northward in the central Atlantic . That evening , a closed circulation had formed , and it was classified as Tropical Depression Twenty @-@ One by the National Hurricane Center . On the morning of October 27 , it strengthened into a tropical storm , becoming the 19th as well as the final named storm of the season . Operationally , it was not declared a tropical cyclone until that point , when it was immediately declared Tropical Storm Tanya . 
 Immediately after becoming a tropical storm , the movement of Tanya became hindered by a nearby upper @-@ level low , and it quickly turned eastward before virtually stalling early on October 28 . The upper @-@ level low also influenced Tanya in giving it some subtropical characteristics , including a comma @-@ shaped cloud band and maximum winds far from the center of the storm at the time . Despite that , the storm gradually strengthened as it remained over warm waters of about 81 ° F ( 27 ° C ) . That afternoon , it gained full tropical characteristics , as an eye featured was beginning to form in the central dense overcast . The eye became clearly defined , although it was small in size . Early on October 29 , Tropical Storm Tanya was upgraded to a hurricane , the eleventh of the 1995 season , as it turned northward in response to the nearby low . 
 Later on October 29 , while slowly tracking north , Tanya leveled off as a low @-@ end Category 1 hurricane . By the next morning , a cold front to the west forced Tanya to accelerate in a more easterly track . It remained fairly well organized with a distinct eye as it became wedged in a narrow zone of warm air between the cold front to the west and the upper @-@ level low to the northeast . Despite slightly cooler water , Tanya strengthened a bit more that afternoon , reaching its peak intensity of 85 mph ( 135 km / h ) with a barometric pressure of 972 mbar ( 28 @.@ 7 inHg ) as the forward speed increased . That intensity was maintained until late on October 31 , when Tanya began to weaken as it traveled over cooler waters and the eye became obscured . Early on November 1 , Tanya began to lose tropical characteristics while still a hurricane . Hurricane Tanya was also heading rapidly northeast towards the Azores at the time . Tanya was downgraded from a hurricane to a tropical storm on November 1 . Despite weakening , the wind field of Tanya became larger . That evening , Tanya was declared fully extratropical as it passed the Azores . The remnant cyclone turned north , before being absorbed by another extratropical cyclone early on November 3 . 
 
 = = Impact , naming and records = = 
 
 Hurricane Tanya was not considered a threat to land , as it did not move through the Azores while a tropical cyclone . The Azores were hit very hard by the storm , which had just been declared extratropical when it hit the region . Damage was particularly severe on the islands of Faial , Pico , Terceira and São Jorge . Extensive property damage was reported , including many sunk boats , many houses were damaged and some destroyed and significant agricultural damage . Many trees and power lines were also knocked down , cutting electricity and hampering communications in the area . The highest wind gusts reported in the Azores were around 105 mph ( 170 km / h ) . After the storm , a resolution was submitted to the European Parliament by the Government of Portugal and a disaster area was declared in the islands . One Spanish fisherman drowned and several people were injured . 
 There were many reports of tropical storm @-@ force winds from ships in the north Atlantic . One ship , with the call sign GBSA , encountered Tanya 's winds twice and reported the strongest winds from any ship , 71 mph ( 112 km / h ) . 
 Hurricane Tanya was the first storm to be designated with a name starting with " T " since naming of Atlantic tropical cyclones began in 1950 . 
 
 
 = Sweet Love ( Chris Brown song ) = 
 
 " Sweet Love " is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown , taken from his fifth studio album , Fortune ( 2012 ) . It was written by Brown , Cory Marks , Greg Curtis , Jamal " Polow da Don " Jones , Jason " JP " Perry and Tommy Doyle Jr . , while the production was handled by Polow da Don and Perry . The song was sent to urban contemporary radio in the United States on April 10 , 2012 , as the second single from the album . " Sweet Love " is a slow jam R & B ballad which incorporates elements of electronic music . The lyrics of the song revolve around Brown asking his lover to take off her clothes so that they can have sex . 
 " Sweet Love " garnered positive reviews from music critics , who complimented the song 's sexual lyrics . In the United States , it peaked at number 25 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart , and number 89 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . The accompanying music video was co @-@ directed by Godfrey Taberez and Brown , and filmed at Universal Studios in Los Angeles , California . It displays intimate scenes of Brown and his lover partaking in sexual activity , women levitating out of their beds , and Brown dancing . Critics were complimentary of the video 's sexual themes and presentation . 
 
 = = Background and release = = 
 
 " Sweet Love " was written by Chris Brown , Cory Marks , Greg Curtis , Jamal " Polow da Don " Jones , Jason " JP " Perry and Tommy Doyle Jr . , while the production was handled by Polow da Don and Perry . The audio mixing was completed by Jaycen Joshua , with assistance by Trehy Harris . Curtis played keyboards on the song . On March 28 , 2012 , Brown announced via his official Twitter account that he would be releasing " Sweet Love " and " Till I Die " as the next two singles from Fortune , after the lead single " Turn Up the Music " . Later that same day , he posted a link to a stream of " Sweet Love " . The artwork for the single was shot in black @-@ and @-@ white , and debuted online on March 30 , 2012 . It displays Brown sitting on the floor , staring up at the legs of one of the three women . Rap @-@ Up magazine described the artwork as " grown and sexy " . " Sweet Love " was officially sent to urban contemporary playlists in the United States on April 10 , 2012 . It was released as a one @-@ track digital download in Oceania and most European countries on April 13 , 2012 . However , in the US , " Sweet Love " was released on April 17 , 2012 . A remix of the song by American R & B singer R. Kelly , was posted online on July 26 , 2012 . 
 
 = = Composition and lyrics = = 
 
 " Sweet Love " is a slow jam R & B ballad that displays elements of electronic music ; it lasts for a duration of three minutes and 19 seconds long . The instrumentation is provided by a keyboard , synthesizers , percussion and a drum machine . According to Nadeska Alexis of MTV 's Rapfix , Brown sings in a falsetto tone , which she found to be reminiscent of Michael Jackson . Amy Sciarretto of PopCrush described the ballad as " very Michael Jackson and neo @-@ Bieber " . JusMusic of Singersroom noted that " Sweet Love " is inspired by Silk 's " Freak Me " ( 1993 ) . Cameron Adams of the Herald Sun musically compared the song to Prince . The theme of " Sweet Love " revolves around sex . It contains lyrics about Brown asking his lover to take off her clothes so that they can have sex . During the chorus , he harmonizes : " Oooh baby let 's get naked / Just so we can make sweet love / All these sensations got me going crazy for you / Inside on top of you / Grinding inside and out of you / Baby I know what to do / Let 's just take our clothes off " . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 " Sweet Love " garnered positive reviews from music critics . Nadeska Alexis of MTV 's Rapfix wrote that Brown " keeps the sexiness at an all time high " with lyrics that " could easily win any girl over " . Contessa Gayles of AOL 's The Boombox described " Sweet Love " as " baby making music " , while Mark Edward Nero of About.com labeled it as " a straight @-@ up sex jam " . Amy Sciarretto of PopCrush called the song a sexy R & B jam that could " easily woo Rihanna back " . David Shapiro of Fuse TV viewed " Sweet Love " as " auditory pornography " and commented that the lyrics had him " blushing " . Joseph Patterson of MTV UK labeled it one of Brown 's classic songs " for the lovers " . Maura Johnston of Rolling Stone awarded " Sweet Love " three stars out of five , and noted that Brown appears to be transitioning from singing songs about partying in clubs to singing about sex . Johnston continued writing that the music video for the song " would be almost pornographically unnecessary " . Robbie Daw of Idolator wrote that the ballad ticks all the boxes for its " synthy melody , decent beat " and Brown 's " vocal harmonies " , but felt that it is not " the most innovative offering " from Brown . Melinda Newman of HitFix wrote that in " Sweet Love " , it appears " there are two songs at war here as the synth drum beat totally overwhelms and clashes with the ballad " . She criticized the song for being " memorable for all the wrong reasons " . 
 In the United States , " Sweet Love " debuted at number 90 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart in the issue dated April 14 , 2012 . After spending 12 weeks ascending the chart , " Sweet Love " peaked at number 25 in the issue dated July 7 , 2012 . The song remained on the chart for a total of 15 weeks . On the Billboard Hot 100 , " Sweet Love " debuted and peaked at number 89 in the issue dated May 5 , 2012 . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 The accompanying music video for " Sweet Love " was co @-@ directed by Godfrey Taberez and Brown , and filmed on the back lot of Universal Studios in Los Angeles , California . The video was shot from 6 : 00 am to 6 : 00 pm . Twenty models were hired for the shooting of the scenes where they are levitating from their beds . On April 26 , 2012 , several photos from the shoot were posted online , showing women levitating out of their beds in the streets as Brown walked by them . The video premiered on Vevo on May 25 , 2012 . A behind the scenes video was released on May 26 , 2012 , a day after the video premiered online . 
 As the song begins , Brown watches a woman , who appears as a hologram , lying in a bed . This scene is intercut with scenes of Brown singing in front of a flowing backdrop . He then approaches the woman , and together they appear under white bedsheets . Brown is then seen walking down a street , while women are shown levitating out of their beds as he passes by them . He then enters a limo and starts caressing various ghostlike female figures . Brown then returns to the bedroom where he " strips shirtless and makes passionate love " to the woman " as they are showered in water " . He later enters a dance studio , where he performs a dance routine with other shirtless male dancers , while several women watch them from across the room . Towards the end of the video , more scenes are shown of Brown and the woman in the bedroom . 
 Melinda Newman of HitFix called the video " undeniably steamy " . Emily Hewett of the Metro wrote that the video featured " flawless dance moves " from Brown . Robbie Daw of Idolator noted that Brown " makes things real sexy " in the video , but was unsure if " we should be turned on or utterly creeped out " . Jessica Sager of PopCrush noted that Brown " channels his R & B side " and added that he is " a bit of a clumsy romantic " . Jessica Sinclair of the Long Island Press described the video as a " juicy new entertainment " for Brown 's fans in anticipation of his new album . Jazmine Gray of Vibe magazine described the video as " hot , heavy and really wet " . Upon its release , the video went viral and received over one million views in its first day of release . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 Digital download 
 " Sweet Love " – 3 : 19 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits adapted from the liner notes for Fortune 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Kakapo = 
 
 The kakapo ( Māori : kākāpō or night parrot ) , Strigops habroptilus ( Gray , 1845 ) , also called owl parrot , is a species of large , flightless , nocturnal , ground @-@ dwelling parrot of the super @-@ family Strigopoidea endemic to New Zealand . 
 It has finely blotched yellow @-@ green plumage , a distinct facial disc of sensory , vibrissa @-@ like feathers , a large grey beak , short legs , large feet , and wings and a tail of relatively short length . A combination of traits make it unique among its kind ; it is the world 's only flightless parrot , the heaviest parrot , nocturnal , herbivorous , visibly sexually dimorphic in body size , has a low basal metabolic rate and no male parental care , and is the only parrot to have a polygynous lek breeding system . It is also possibly one of the world 's longest @-@ living birds . Its anatomy typifies the tendency of bird evolution on oceanic islands , with few predators and abundant food : a generally robust physique , with accretion of thermodynamic efficiency at the expense of flight abilities , reduced wing muscles , and a diminished keel on the sternum . Like many other New Zealand bird species , the kakapo was historically important to the Māori , the indigenous people of New Zealand , appearing in many of their traditional legends and folklore . It was hunted and used as a resource by Māori , both for its meat as a food source and for its feathers , which were used to make highly valued pieces of clothing . It was also sometimes kept as a pet . 
 The kakapo is critically endangered ; as of March 2014 , with an additional six from the first hatchings since 2011 , the total known population was only 123 living individuals , as reported by the Kakapo Recovery programme , most of which have been given names . Because of Polynesian and European colonisation and the introduction of predators such as cats , rats , ferrets , and stoats , the kakapo was almost wiped out . Conservation efforts began in the 1890s , but they were not very successful until the implementation of the Kakapo Recovery plan in the 1980s . As of April 2012 , surviving kakapo are kept on three predator @-@ free islands , Codfish ( Whenua Hou ) , Anchor and Little Barrier islands , where they are closely monitored . Two large Fiordland islands , Resolution and Secretary , have been the subject of large @-@ scale ecological restoration activities to prepare self @-@ sustaining ecosystems with suitable habitat for the kakapo . The New Zealand government is willingly providing the use of these islands to kakapo conservation . A successful breeding season in 2016 saw 34 chicks fledge , taking the total population to 157 . 
 
 = = Taxonomy , systematics and naming = = 
 
 The kakapo was originally described by English ornithologist George Robert Gray in 1845 . The name " kakapo " is the English transliteration of " kākāpō " which is derived from the Māori terms kākā ( " parrot " ) + pō ( " night " ) . Its generic name is derived from the Ancient Greek strix , genitive strigos " owl " , and ops " face " , while its specific epithet comes from habros " soft " , and ptilon " feather " . It has so many unusual features that it was initially placed in its own tribe , Strigopini . Recent phylogenetic studies have confirmed the unique position of this genus as well as the closeness to the kākā and the kea , both belonging to the New Zealand parrot genus Nestor . Together , they are now considered a separate family within the parrots , Strigopidae . Within the Strigopidae , the kakapo is placed in its own tribe , Strigopini . The common ancestor of the kakapo and the genus Nestor became isolated from the remaining parrot species when New Zealand broke off from Gondwana , around 82 million years ago . Around 70 million years ago , the kakapo diverged from the genus Nestor . 
 Earlier ornithologists felt that the kakapo might be related to the ground parrots and night parrot of Australia due to their similar colouration , but this is contradicted by recent studies ; rather , the cryptic colour seems to be adaptation to terrestrial habits that evolved twice convergently . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The kakapo is a large , rotund parrot ; the adult can measure from 58 to 64 cm ( 23 to 25 in ) in length , and weight can vary from 0 @.@ 95 to 4 kg ( 2 to 9 lb ) at maturity . Males are larger than females . Twenty @-@ eight males were found to average 2 kg ( 4 @.@ 4 lb ) in one study , and 39 males were found to average 2 @.@ 06 kg ( 4 @.@ 5 lb ) in another . In the same studies , 28 females were found to average 1 @.@ 5 kg ( 3 @.@ 3 lb ) and 18 females averaged 1 @.@ 28 kg ( 2 @.@ 8 lb ) . However , one source states that females will not breed until they attain a threshold weight of 1 @.@ 5 kg ( 3 @.@ 3 lb ) . They are the heaviest living species of parrot ; while the largest males attain much heavier weights than any other extant parrot , kakapos average about 400 g ( 14 oz ) more than a hyacinth macaw . The kakapo cannot fly , having short wings for its size and lacking the pronounced keel bone ( sternum ) that anchors the flight muscles of other birds . It uses its wings for balance , support , and to break its fall when leaping from trees . Unlike other land birds , the kakapo can accumulate large amounts of body fat to store energy , making it the heaviest parrot . 
 The upper parts of the kakapo have yellowish moss @-@ green feathers barred or mottled with black or dark brownish grey , blending well with native vegetation . Individuals may have strongly varying degrees of mottling and colour tone and intensity — museum specimens show that some birds had completely yellow colouring . The breast and flank are yellowish @-@ green streaked with yellow . The belly , undertail , neck and face are predominantly yellowish streaked with pale green and weakly mottled with brownish @-@ grey . Because the feathers do not need the strength and stiffness required for flight , they are exceptionally soft , giving rise to the specific epithet habroptilus . The kakapo has a conspicuous facial disc of fine feathers resembling the face of an owl ; thus , early European settlers called it the " owl parrot " . The beak is surrounded by delicate vibrissae or " whiskers " , which the bird uses to sense the ground for navigation as it walks with its head lowered . The mandible is mostly ivory @-@ coloured , with part of the upper mandible being bluish @-@ grey . The eyes are dark brown . Kakapo feet are large , scaly , and , as in all parrots , zygodactyl ( two toes face forward and two backward ) . The pronounced claws are particularly useful for climbing . The ends of the tail feathers often become worn from being continually dragged on the ground . 
 The female is easily distinguished from the male : she has a more narrow and less domed head , her beak is narrower and proportionally longer , her cere and nostrils smaller , her legs and feet more slender and pinkish grey , and her tail proportionally longer . While her plumage colour is not very different from that of the male , the toning is more subtle , with less yellow and mottling . She tends to resist more and be more aggressive than the male when handled . A nesting female also has a brood patch on the bare skin of the belly . 
 Like many parrots , the kakapo has a variety of calls . As well as the booms ( see below for a recording ) and chings of their mating calls , it will often skraark to announce its location to other birds . 
 The kakapo has a well @-@ developed sense of smell , which complements its nocturnal lifestyle . It can discriminate among odours while foraging , a behaviour reported for only one other parrot species . One of the most striking characteristics of the kakapo is its pleasant and powerful odour , which has been described as musty . Given the kakapo 's well @-@ developed sense of smell , this scent may be a social chemosignal . The smell often alerts predators to the largely defenceless kakapo . 
 
 = = = Anatomy = = = 
 
 The skeleton of the kakapo differs from other parrots in several features associated with flightlessness . Firstly , it has the smallest relative wing size of any parrot . Its wing feathers are shorter , more rounded , and less asymmetrical and have fewer distal barbules to lock the feathers together . The sternum is small and has a low , vestigial keel and a shortened spina externa . As in other flightless birds and some other flighted parrots , the furcula is not fused but consists of a pair of clavicles lying in contact with each coracoid . As in other flightless birds , the angle between the coracoid and sternum is enlarged . The kakapo has a larger pelvis than other parrots . The proximal bones of the leg and arm are disproportionately long and the distal elements are disproportionately short . 
 The pectoral musculature of the kakapo is also modified by flightlessness . The pectoralis and supracoracoideus muscles are greatly reduced . The propatagialis tendo longus has no distinct muscle belly . The sternocoracoideus is tendinous . There is an extensive cucularis capitis clavicularis muscle that is associated with the large crop . 
 
 = = Ecology and behaviour = = 
 
 It seems that the kakapo – like many of New Zealand 's bird species – has evolved to occupy an ecological niche normally filled by various species of mammal ( the only non @-@ marine mammals native to New Zealand are three species of small bats ) . Before the arrival of humans , the kakapo was distributed throughout the three main islands of New Zealand . It lived in a variety of habitats , including tussocklands , scrublands and coastal areas . It also inhabited forests , including those dominated by podocarps ( rimu , matai , kahikatea , totara ) , beeches , tawa , and rata . In Fiordland , areas of avalanche and slip debris with regenerating and heavily fruiting vegetation – such as five finger , wineberry , bush lawyer , tutu , hebes , and coprosmas – became known as " kakapo gardens " . 
 The kakapo is primarily nocturnal ; it roosts under cover in trees or on the ground during the day and moves around its territories at night . 
 Though the kakapo cannot fly , it is an excellent climber , ascending to the crowns of the tallest trees . It can also " parachute " – descending by leaping and spreading its wings . In this way it may travel a few metres ( yards ) at an angle of less than 45 degrees . 
 Having lost the ability to fly , it has developed strong legs . Movement is often by way of a rapid " jog @-@ like " gait by which it can move many kilometres . A female has been observed making two return trips each night during nesting from her nest to a food source up to 1 km ( 0 @.@ 6 mi ) away and the male may walk from its home range to a mating arena up to 5 km ( 3 mi ) away during the mating season ( October – January ) . 
 Young birds indulge in play fighting , and one bird will often lock the neck of another under its chin . The kakapo is curious by nature and has been known to interact with humans . Conservation staff and volunteers have engaged extensively with some kakapo , which have distinct personalities . 
 The kakapo was a very successful species in pre @-@ human New Zealand , and one of the reasons for this was their set of adaptations to effectively avoid predation from native birds of prey , which were their only predators in the past . However , these same behaviours have been of no use to them when faced with the mammalian predators which were introduced to New Zealand after human settlement , because these hunt in different ways . As hunters , birds behave very differently from mammals , relying on their powerful vision to find prey , and thus they usually ( with the exception of owls ) hunt by day . Apart from the two surviving New Zealand raptors , the New Zealand falcon and swamp harrier , there were two other birds of prey in pre @-@ human New Zealand : Haast 's eagle and Eyles ' harrier . All four species soared overhead searching for prey in daylight , and to avoid these avian predators , the kakapo 's ancestors adopted camouflaged plumage and became nocturnal . In addition , when the kakapo feels threatened , it freezes , so that it is more effectively camouflaged in the forest vegetation which their plumage resembles . It was not entirely safe at night , when the laughing owl was active , and it is apparent from their nest deposits on Canterbury limestone cliffs that the kakapo was among their prey . 
 Mammalian predators , in contrast to birds , rely on their sense of smell and hearing to find prey and often hunt by night . The kakapo 's adaptations to avoid avian predation have thus been useless against its new enemies – this is one of the reasons for its massive decline since the introduction of dogs , cats and mustelids – see Conservation : Human impact . A typical way for humans to hunt down the kakapo is by releasing trained dogs . 
 
 = = = Diet = = = 
 
 The beak of the kakapo is adapted for grinding food finely . For this reason , the kakapo has a very small gizzard compared to other birds of their size . It is generally herbivorous , eating native plants , seeds , fruits , pollen and even the sapwood of trees . A study in 1984 identified 25 plant species as kakapo food . It is particularly fond of the fruit of the rimu tree , and will feed on it exclusively during seasons when it is abundant . The kakapo has a distinctive habit of grabbing a leaf or frond with a foot and stripping the nutritious parts of the plant out with its beak , leaving a ball of indigestible fibre . These little clumps of plant fibres are a distinctive sign of the presence of the bird . The kakapo is believed to employ bacteria in the fore @-@ gut to ferment and help digest plant matter . 
 Kakapo diet changes according to the season . The plants eaten most frequently during the year include some species of Lycopodium ramulosum , Lycopodium fastigium , Schizaea fistulosa , Blechnum minus , Blechnum procerum , Cyathodes juniperina , Dracophyllum longifolium , Olearia colensoi and Thelymitra venosa . Individual plants of the same species are often treated differently . Kakapo leave conspicuous evidence of their feeding activities , over feeding areas that range between 10 by 10 metres ( 30 ft × 30 ft ) and 50 by 100 metres ( 160 ft × 330 ft ) per individual . Kakapo feeding grounds almost always host manuka and yellow silver pine scrubs . 
 
 = = = Reproduction = = = 
 
 The kakapo is the only species of flightless parrot in the world , and the only flightless bird that has a lek breeding system . Males loosely gather in an arena and compete with each other to attract females . Females listen to the males as they display , or " lek " . They choose a mate based on the quality of his display ; they are not pursued by the males in any overt way . No pair bond is formed ; males and females meet only to mate . 
 During the courting season , males leave their home ranges for hilltops and ridges where they establish their own mating courts . These leks can be up to 7 kilometres ( 4 mi ) from a kakapo 's usual territory and are an average of 50 metres ( 160 ft ) apart within the lek arena . Males remain in the region of their court throughout the courting season . At the start of the breeding season , males will fight to try to secure the best courts . They confront each other with raised feathers , spread wings , open beaks , raised claws and loud screeching and growling . Fighting may leave birds with injuries or even kill them . 
 Each court consists of one or more saucer @-@ shaped depressions or " bowls " dug in the ground by the male , up to 10 centimetres ( 4 in ) deep and long enough to fit the half @-@ metre length of the bird . The kakapo is one of only a handful of birds in the world which actually constructs its leks . Bowls are often created next to rock faces , banks , or tree trunks to help reflect sound - the bowls themselves function as amplifiers to enhance the projection of the males ' booming mating calls . Each male 's bowls are connected by a network of trails or tracks which may extend 50 metres ( 160 ft ) along a ridge or 20 metres ( 70 ft ) in diameter around a hilltop . Males meticulously clear their bowls and tracks of debris . One way researchers check whether bowls are visited at night is to place a few twigs in the bowl ; if the male visits overnight , he will pick them up in his beak and toss them away . 
 To attract females , males make loud , low @-@ frequency ( below 100 Hz ) booming calls from their bowls by inflating a thoracic sac . They start with low grunts , which increase in volume as the sac inflates . After a sequence of about 20 loud booms , the male kakapo emits a high @-@ frequency , metallic " ching " sound . He stands for a short while before again lowering his head , inflating his chest and starting another sequence of booms . The booms can be heard at least 1 kilometre ( 0 @.@ 62 mi ) away on a still night ; wind can carry the sound at least 5 kilometres ( 3 @.@ 1 mi ) . Males boom for an average of eight hours a night ; each male may produce thousands of booms in this time . This may continue every night for three or four months during which time the male may lose half his body weight . Each male moves around the bowls in his court so that the booms are sent out in different directions . These booms are also notorious for attracting predators , because of the long range at which they can be heard . 
 Females are attracted by the booms of the competing males ; they too may need to walk several kilometres from their territories to the arena . Once a female enters the court of one of the males , the male performs a display in which he rocks from side to side and makes clicking noises with his beak . He turns his back to the female , spreads his wings in display and walks backwards towards her . He will then attempt copulation for 2 to 14 minutes . Once the birds have mated , the female returns to her home territory to lay eggs and raise the chicks . The male continues booming in the hope of attracting another female . 
 The female kakapo lays 1 or 2 eggs ( rarely 3 ) per breeding cycle , with long intervals between laying of first and second eggs . She nests on the ground under the cover of plants or in cavities such as hollow tree trunks . The female incubates the eggs faithfully , but is forced to leave them every night in search of food . Predators are known to eat the eggs and the embryos inside can also die of cold in the mother 's absence . Kakapo eggs usually hatch within 30 days , bearing fluffy grey chicks that are quite helpless . After the eggs hatch , the female feeds the chicks for three months , and the chicks remain with the female for some months after fledging . The young chicks are just as vulnerable to predators as the eggs , and young have been killed by many of the same predators that attack adults . Chicks leave the nest at approximately 10 to 12 weeks of age . As they gain greater independence , their mothers may feed the chicks sporadically for up to 6 months . 
 Because the kakapo is long @-@ lived , with an average life expectancy of 95 years and the maximum at about 120 years , it tends to have an adolescence before it starts breeding . Males do not start to boom until about 5 years of age . It was thought that females reached sexual maturity at 9 years of age , but this idea was debunked in the 2008 breeding season when two 6 @-@ year @-@ old females named Apirama and Rakiura laid eggs . Generally females do not seek out males until they are between 9 and 11 years old . The kakapo does not breed every year and has one of the lowest rates of reproduction among birds . Breeding occurs only in years when trees mast ( fruit heavily ) , providing a plentiful food supply . Rimu mast occurs only every three to five years , so in rimu @-@ dominant forests such as those on Codfish Island , kakapo breeding occurs as infrequently . 
 Another aspect of the kakapo 's breeding system is that a female can alter the sex ratio of her offspring depending on her condition . A female who eats protein @-@ rich foods produces more male offspring ( males have 30 % – 40 % more body weight than females ) . Females produce offspring biased towards the dispersive sex when competition for resources ( such as food ) is high and towards the non @-@ dispersive sex when food is plentiful . A female kakapo will likely be able to produce eggs even when there are few resources , while a male kakapo will be more capable of perpetuating the species when there are plenty , by mating with several females . This supports the Trivers – Willard hypothesis . The relationship between clutch sex ratio and maternal diet has conservation implications , because a captive population maintained on a high quality diet will produce fewer females and therefore fewer individuals valuable to the recovery of the species . 
 
 = = Conservation = = 
 
 Fossil records indicate that in pre @-@ Polynesian times , the kakapo was New Zealand 's third most common bird and it was widespread on all three main islands . However , the kakapo population in New Zealand has declined massively since human settlement of the country . Since 1891 , conservation efforts have been made to prevent extinction . The most successful scheme has been the Kakapo Recovery Programme ; this was implemented in 1989 and continues . 
 
 = = = Human impact = = = 
 
 The first factor in the decline of the kakapo was the arrival of humans . Māori folklore suggests that the kakapo was found throughout the country when the Polynesians first arrived in Aotearoa 700 years ago . Subfossil and midden deposits show that the bird was present throughout the North Island , South Island and Stewart Island / Rakiura before and during early Māori times . Māori hunted the kakapo for food and for their skins and feathers , which were made into cloaks . They used the dried heads as ear ornaments . Due to its flightlessness , strong scent and habit of freezing when threatened , the kakapo was easy prey for the Māori and their dogs . Its eggs and chicks were also preyed upon by the Polynesian rat or kiore , which the Māori brought to New Zealand . Furthermore , the deliberate clearing of vegetation by Māori reduced the habitable range for kakapo . Although the kakapo was extinct in many parts of the islands by the time Europeans arrived , including the Tararua and Aorangi Ranges , it was still present in the central part of the North Island and forested parts of the South Island . 
 Beginning in the 1840s , European settlers cleared vast tracts of land for farming and grazing , further reducing kakapo habitat . They brought more dogs and other mammalian predators , including domestic cats , black rats and stoats . Europeans knew little of the kakapo until George Gray of the British Museum described it from a skin in 1845 . As the Māori had done , early European explorers and their dogs ate kakapo . In the late 19th century , the kakapo became well known as a scientific curiosity , and thousands were captured or killed for zoos , museums and collectors . Most captured specimens died within months . From at least the 1870s , collectors knew the kakapo population was declining ; their prime concern was to collect as many as possible before the bird became extinct . 
 In the 1880s , large numbers of mustelids ( stoats , ferrets and weasels ) were released in New Zealand to reduce rabbit numbers , but they also preyed heavily on many native species including the kakapo . Other browsing animals , such as introduced deer , competed with the kakapo for food , and caused the extinction of some of its preferred plant species . The kakapo was reportedly still present near the head of the Whanganui River as late as 1894 , with one of the last records of a kakapo in the North Island being a single bird caught in the Kaimanawa Ranges by Te Kepa Puawheawhe in 1895 . 
 
 = = = Early protection efforts = = = 
 
 In 1891 , the New Zealand government set aside Resolution Island in Fiordland as a nature reserve . In 1894 , the government appointed Richard Henry as caretaker . A keen naturalist , Henry was aware that native birds were declining , and began catching and moving kakapo and kiwi from the mainland to the predator @-@ free Resolution Island . In six years , he moved more than 200 kakapo to Resolution Island . By 1900 , however , stoats had swum to Resolution Island and colonised it ; they wiped out the nascent kakapo population within 6 years . 
 In 1903 , three kakapo were moved from Resolution Island to the nature reserve of Little Barrier Island north @-@ east of Auckland , but feral cats were present and the kakapo were never seen again . In 1912 , three kakapo were moved to another reserve , Kapiti Island , north @-@ west of Wellington . One of them survived until at least 1936 , despite the presence of feral cats for part of the intervening period . 
 By the 1920s , the kakapo was extinct in the North Island and its range and numbers in the South Island were declining . One of its last refuges was rugged Fiordland . There , during the 1930s , it was often seen or heard , and occasionally eaten , by hunters or roadworkers . By the 1940s , reports of kakapo were becoming scarce . 
 
 = = = 1950 – 89 conservation efforts = = = 
 
 In the 1950s , the New Zealand Wildlife Service was established and began making regular expeditions to search for the kakapo , mostly in Fiordland and what is now the Kahurangi National Park in the northwest of the South Island . Seven Fiordland expeditions between 1951 and 1956 found only a few recent signs . Finally , in 1958 a kakapo was caught and released in the Milford Sound catchment area in Fiordland . Six more kakapo were captured in 1961 ; one was released and the other five were transferred to the aviaries of the Mount Bruce Bird Reserve near Masterton in the North Island . Within months , four of the birds had died and the fifth died after about four years . In the next 12 years , regular expeditions found few signs of the kakapo , indicating that numbers were continuing to decline . Only one bird was captured in 1967 ; it died the following year . 
 By the early 1970s , it was uncertain whether the kakapo was still an extant species . At the end of 1974 , scientists located several more male kakapo and made the first scientific observations of kakapo booming . These observations led Don Merton to speculate for the first time that the kakapo had a lek breeding system . From 1974 to 1976 , 14 kakapo were discovered but all appeared to be males . This raised the possibility that the species would become extinct , because there might be no surviving females . One male bird was captured in the Milford area in 1975 , christened " Richard Henry " , and transferred to Maud Island . All the birds the Wildlife Service discovered from 1951 to 1976 were in U @-@ shaped glaciated valleys flanked by almost @-@ vertical cliffs and surrounded by high mountains . Such extreme terrain had slowed colonisation by browsing mammals , leaving islands of virtually unmodified native vegetation . However , even here , stoats were present and by 1976 the kakapo was gone from the valley floors and only a few males survived high on the most inaccessible parts of the cliffs . 
 Before 1977 , no expedition had been to Stewart Island / Rakiura to search for the bird . In 1977 , sightings of kakapo were reported on Stewart Island . An expedition to the island found a track and bowl system on its first day ; soon after , it located several dozen kakapo . The finding in an 8 @,@ 000 @-@ hectare area of fire @-@ modified scrubland and forest raised hope that the population would include females . The total population was estimated at 100 to 200 birds . 
 Mustelids have never colonised Stewart Island / Rakiura , but feral cats were present . During a survey , it was apparent that cats killed kakapo at a rate of 56 % per year . At this rate , the birds could not survive on the island and therefore an intensive cat control was introduced in 1982 , after which no cat @-@ killed kakapo were found . However , to ensure the survival of the remaining birds , scientists decided later that this population should be transferred to predator @-@ free islands ; this operation was carried out between 1982 and 1997 . 
 
 = = = Kakapo Recovery programme = = = 
 
 In 1989 , a Kakapo Recovery programme was developed and a Kakapo Recovery Group established to implement it . The New Zealand Department of Conservation replaced the Wildlife Service for this task . The first action of the plan was to relocate all the remaining kakapo to suitable islands for them to breed . None of the New Zealand islands were ideal to establish kakapo without rehabilitation by extensive re @-@ vegetation and the eradication of introduced mammalian predators and competitors . Four islands were finally chosen : Maud , Hauturu / Little Barrier , Codfish and Mana . Sixty @-@ five kakapo ( 43 males , 22 females ) were successfully transferred onto the four islands in five translocations . Some islands had to be rehabilitated several times when feral cats , stoats and weka kept appearing . Little Barrier Island was eventually viewed as unsuitable due to the rugged landscape , the thick forest and the continued presence of rats , and its birds were evacuated in 1998 . Along with Mana Island , it was replaced with two new kakapo sanctuaries , Chalky Island ( Te Kakahu ) and Anchor Island . The entire kakapo population of Codfish Island was temporarily relocated in 1999 to Pearl Island in Port Pegasus while rats were being eliminated from Codfish . All kakapo on Pearl and Chalky Islands were moved to Anchor Island in 2005 . 
 A key part of the Recovery Plan is the supplementary feeding of females . The kakapo breeds only once every two to five years , when a certain type of plant species , primarily Dacrydium cupressinum ( rimu ) , produces protein @-@ rich fruit and seeds . Observations of the relationship between intermittent breeding and the plant 's mast year help biologists choose which suitable supplementary foods to increase kakapo breeding frequency . In 1989 , six preferred foods ( apples , sweet potatoes , almonds , Brazil nuts , sunflower seeds and walnuts ) were supplied ad libitum each night to 12 feeding stations . Males and females ate the supplied foods , and females nested on Little Barrier Island in the summers of 1989 – 91 for the first time since 1982 , although nesting success was low . 
 Supplementary feeding not only increases kakapo breeding frequency , but also affects the sex ratio of kakapo offspring , as maternal conditions influence this ratio . ( See section " Reproduction " . ) This finding was subsequently used to increase the number of female chicks by deliberately manipulating maternal conditions . During the winter of 1981 , only females lighter than 1 @.@ 5 kg ( 3 @.@ 3 lb ) were given supplementary feeding to avoid raising their body condition , and the sex ratio results in 1982 were close to parity , eliminating the male @-@ biased sex ratios in the unrestricted feeding . 
 Though breeding can be improved by supplementary feeding , the survival of young kakapo is hampered by the presence of Polynesian rats . Of 21 chicks that hatched between 1981 and 1994 , nine were either killed by rats or died and were subsequently eaten by rats . Nest protection has been intensified since 1995 by using traps and poison stations as soon as a nest had been detected . A small video camera and infra @-@ red light source watch the nest continuously , and will scare approaching rats with flashing lights and loud popping sounds . To increase the success rate of nesting , a nest watcher places a small thermostatically controlled electric blanket over the eggs or chicks , whenever the female leaves the nest for food . The survival rate of chicks has increased from 29 % in unprotected nests to 75 % in protected ones . 
 To monitor the kakapo population continuously , each bird is equipped with a radio transmitter . Every known kakapo , barring some young chicks , has been given a name by Kakapo Recovery Programme officials . It is an affectionate way for conservation staff to refer to individual birds , and a stark reminder of how few remain . Artificial incubation of eggs and hand @-@ raising of chicks have often been used to improve the condition of the eggs and chicks . In November 2005 , the population comprised 41 females and 45 males , including four fledglings ( 3 females and 1 male ) bred in 2005 . The oldest known kakapo , " Richard Henry " , was thought to be 80 years old at the time of his death in December 2010 . 
 In 2006 , the Kakapo Recovery Programme presented a new management plan that would run from 2006 to 2016 . The key goals of this plan are to increase the female population to at least 60 by 2016 , increase genetic diversity , maintain or restore a sufficiently large habitat to accommodate the expected increase in the kakapo population , and maintain public awareness and support . 
 The Kakapo Recovery programme has been successful , with the numbers of kakapo increasing steadily . Adult survival rate and productivity have both improved significantly since the programme 's inception . However , the main goal is to establish at least one viable , self @-@ sustaining , unmanaged population of kakapo as a functional component of the ecosystem in a protected habitat . To help meet this conservation challenge , two large Fiordland islands , Resolution ( 20 @,@ 860 ha ) and Secretary ( 8 @,@ 140 ha ) , have been prepared for re @-@ introduction of the kakapo with large @-@ scale ecological restoration activities . Ultimately , the Kakapo Recovery vision for the species is to restore the " mauri " ( Maori for " life @-@ force " ) of the kakapo by breeding 150 adult females . 
 During the 2008 – 2009 summer breeding season , the total population of kakapo rose to over 100 for the first time since monitoring began , reaching 123 by February 2012 . Twenty two of the 34 chicks had to be hand @-@ reared because of a shortage of food on Codfish Island . 
 In 2012 , seven kakapo were transferred to Little Barrier Island , in an attempt to establish a successful breeding programme . Kakapo were last on the island in 1999 . 
 In March 2014 , with the kakapo population having increased to 126 , the bird 's recovery was used by Melbourne artist Sayraphim Lothian as a metaphor for the recovery of Christchurch , parallelling the " indomitable spirit of these two communities and their determination to rebuild " . 
 
 = = In Māori culture = = 
 
 The kakapo is associated with a rich tradition of Māori folklore and beliefs . The bird 's irregular breeding cycle was understood to be associated with heavy fruiting or " masting " events of particular plant species such as the Rimu which led Māori to credit the bird with the ability to tell the future . Used to substantiate this claim were reported observations of these birds dropping the berries of the Hinau and Tawa trees ( when they were in season ) into secluded pools of water to preserve them as a food supply for the summer ahead ; in legend this became the origin of the Māori practice of immersing food in water for the same purpose . 
 
 = = = Use for food and clothing = = = 
 
 The meat of kakapo made good eating and was considered by Māori to be a delicacy and it was hunted for food when it was still widespread . One source states that its flesh " resembles lamb in taste and texture " , although European settlers have described the bird as having a " strong and slightly stringent [ sic ] flavour . " 
 In breeding years , the loud booming calls of the males at their mating arenas made it easy for Māori hunting parties to track the kakapo down , and it was also hunted while feeding or when dust @-@ bathing in dry weather . The bird was caught , generally at night , using snares , pitfall traps , or by groups of domesticated Polynesian dogs which accompanied hunting parties – sometimes they would use fire sticks of various sorts to dazzle a bird in the darkness , stopping it in their tracks and making the capture easier . Cooking was done in a hāngi or in gourds of boiling oil . The flesh of the bird could be preserved in its own fat and stored in containers for later consumption – hunters of the Ngāi Tahu tribe would pack the flesh in baskets made from the inner bark of totara tree or in containers constructed from kelp . Bundles of kakapo tail feathers were attached to the sides of these containers to provide decoration and a way to identify their contents . Also taken by the Māori were the bird 's eggs , which are described as whitish " but not pure white " , and about the same size as a kererū egg . 
 As well as eating the meat of the kakapo , Māori would use kakapo skins with the feathers still attached or individually weave in kakapo feathers with flax fibre to create cloaks and capes . Each one required up to 11 @,@ 000 feathers to make . Not only were these garments considered very beautiful , they also kept the wearer very warm . They were highly valued , and the few still in existence today are considered taonga ( treasures ) — indeed , the old Māori adage " You have a kākāpō cape and you still complain of the cold " was used to describe someone who is never satisfied . Kakapo feathers were also used to decorate the heads of taiaha , but were removed before use in combat . 
 Despite this , the kakapo was also regarded as an affectionate pet by the Māori . This was corroborated by European settlers in New Zealand in the 19th century , among them George Edward Grey , who once wrote in a letter to an associate that his pet kakapo 's behaviour towards him and his friends was " more like that of a dog than a bird " . 
 
 = = = In the media = = = 
 
 The conservation of the kakapo has made the species well known . Many books and documentaries detailing the plight of the kakapo have been produced in recent years , one of the earliest being Two in the Bush , made by Gerald Durrell for the BBC in 1962 . A feature @-@ length documentary , The Unnatural History of the Kakapo won two major awards at the Reel Earth Environmental Film Festival . Two of the most significant documentaries , both made by NHNZ , are Kakapo – Night Parrot ( 1982 ) and To Save the kakapo ( 1997 ) . The BBC 's Natural History Unit also featured the kakapo , including a sequence with Sir David Attenborough in The Life of Birds . It was also one of the endangered animals Douglas Adams and Mark Carwardine set out to find for the radio series and book Last Chance to See . An updated version of the series has been produced for BBC TV , in which Stephen Fry and Carwardine revisit the animals to see how they are getting on almost 20 years later , and in January 2009 , they spent time filming the kakapo on Codfish Island . Footage of a kakapo named Sirocco attempting to mate with Carwardine 's head was viewed by millions worldwide , leading to Sirocco becoming " spokes @-@ bird " for New Zealand wildlife conservation in 2010 , as part of the International Year of Biodiversity . The kakapo was featured in the episode " Strange Islands " of the documentary series South Pacific , originally aired on 13 June 2009 . Kakapo were also used as an example of unique island fauna in the episode " Worlds Apart " of the series The Living Planet . 
 
 
 = Live & Kicking = 
 
 Live & Kicking is a BBC Saturday morning children 's magazine programme , running from 1993 to 2001 . The fourth in a succession of Saturday morning shows , it was the replacement for Going Live ! , and took many of its features from it , such as phone @-@ ins , games , comedy , competitions and the showing of cartoons . Once Live & Kicking had become established in series two , it reached its height in popularity during series four , when it was presented by Zoë Ball and Jamie Theakston ; their final episode won a BAFTA award . After this the series ratings dropped with the launch of SMTV Live on ITV and was eventually cancelled in 2001 . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Live & Kicking was conceived as a replacement for Going Live ! , a successful Saturday morning programme that had been running for six years . It was first broadcast on 2 October 1993 at 9 am on BBC1 . The original hosts were Andi Peters , Emma Forbes who had presented a cookery segment in Going Live ! , and John Barrowman . For the second series , John was relegated to host the showbiz Electric Circus segment , leaving Andi and Emma to become the main hosts . He left after one series of Electric Circus to concentrate on acting . Comedy duo Trevor and Simon and Peter Simon , in the Run the Risk segment , were also regulars who had featured on Going Live ! . 
 While the first series was not as popular as its predecessor , the second series was more successful . It was broadcast during the winter months , from September to April , with Fully Booked replacing it during the summer . New episodes of the Rugrats were shown . The series went out opposite ITV 's What 's Up Doc ? but during its third series issues were raised by the ITC , and a number of people left including Don Austen and John Eccleston ( Bro and Bro 's puppeteers ) who defected to Live & Kicking to star as a couple of leprechaun brothers Sage & Onion . 
 Andi Peters expressed his intention to move on in March 1996 , and Emma Forbes decided to follow after finding out she was pregnant . 
 They were replaced by Zoë Ball and Jamie Theakston , who presented it for three series . According to the BBC , the show 's popularity was at its peak during the 1996 / 1997 series when the show regularly had 2 @.@ 5 million viewers . Around this time Mr. Blobby , played by Barry Killerby , also appered on series . 
 After three series , Ball decided to move on due to a hectic schedule , and Theakston followed . The final episode hosted by Ball and Theakston later won the show a children 's BAFTA award for Best Entertainment show in November 1999 . 
 The show returned in Autumn 1999 with new presenters Emma Ledden and Steve Wilson , . They only lasted for one series , due to ratings dropping to 1 @.@ 6 million during their tenure . At the same time rival SMTV Live on competitor channel ITV was relaunched to feature more comedic elements and began to gain popularity , known for its innuendo and features . Fully Booked , the BBC 's summer replacement , was also revamped and retitled as FBi , but ratings continued to drop . The following October , the final series was a complete revamp , with a line @-@ up of four : Ortis Deley , Katy Hill , Trey Farley and Sarah Cawood . 
 Ratings continued to plummet , due to the continuing success of SMTV Live . In March 2001 , the BBC made an unprecedented move and extended the series over the summer , like SMTV was broadcast , but announced it would be the final series . Hill was replaced by Heather Suttie as the show was moved to BBC Scotland on 21 April until 15 September 2001 when the final show aired . It was replaced by The Saturday Show , which continued to be broadcast all year round . 
 
 = = Format = = 
 
 Live & Kicking was a weekly magazine show broadcast every Saturday morning , normally from September to April and later all year for the final series , and it was aimed at young people . It featured music performances , " hot seat " questions for celebrity guests , phone @-@ ins , games , comedy sketches , competitions , and television programmes and cartoons . It used the taglines " Miss it , miss out " and " The only way to start your weekend " on promotional adverts for the show . As well as the main presenters , there were regulars such as comedy duo Trevor and Simon , and later Ben , Gez and Rich from The Cheese Shop and SuperGirly . A segment in the first few series that was an adaptation of Going Live 's Double Dare was Run the Risk , a game in which teams of children completed various obstacle courses and challenges . Gunge was often included to make the tasks harder . Run The Risk was later broadcast separately . From 1994 until 2000 , there was a showbiz segment called the Electric Circus , which featured the latest films , music , computer games and gossip . It was first presented by John Barrowman after he stepped aside as a regular presenter , and was later hosted by a variety of people . 
 The first series featured the computerised head of a cat named " Ratz " who provided links , but this was dropped after one series . It was replaced by commentator Mitch Johnson , who , as well as providing commentary and links for each item , would interact with both audience and presenters too . From the second series , two puppet leprachauns , later named as Sage and Onion became regulars . They were played by Don Austen and John Eccleston , and were designed and built by Darryl Worbey Studios . They performed comedy sketches throughout the morning , and often interacted with the people in the studio . Another comedy character who first appeared in the third series was Mr Blobby , who had previously appeared in Noel 's House Party . Most regular features were dropped for the final series , when the show was revamped . A feature that stuck throughout was the jingle for the phone number , first 081 811 8181 , then 0181 811 8181 , then 0845 610 1515 . 
 As well as the television show , Live and Kicking launched a music CD , composed of the best music that artists had sung live on the programme . A video game called Live and Kicking : Showmaker was also created , where the user could combine elements of the show to create their own television production on a small scale . A monthly magazine was also produced , though towards the end of Live & Kicking 's production , the sales of the magazine dropped significantly , reflecting its loss of viewers . 
 For series five and six , there was a short version of the show that aired on Friday afternoons called L & K Friday , but this was cancelled after two series . The regular Saturday presenters Jamie Theakston and Zoë Ball presented the first series , and Steve Wilson and Liz Fraser presented the second series . A 90 @-@ minute version of the show also aired on BBC Choice and was entitled L & K Replay . 
 In May 2000 , two months before Steve & Emma were officially resigned from Live & Kicking , the show was brought back for a one @-@ off special during the summer break . It was to mix in with the BBC 's Music Live and the show was titled as Music Live & Kicking with Steve & Emma returning to present along with future presenter Ortis Deley and special guest presenter Stephen Gately of Boyzone . This special was dedicated to a series of music performances ( hence the title ) and was the first edition to be broadcast in widescreen . 
 One of the last features was L & K Castaway , a spin @-@ off of the BBC reality show Castaway 2000 . Each week , six children would spend four days on a remote Scottish island , learning how to survive , among other skills . Points were earned through passing various tasks , and were lost if contestants entered the " Temptation Hut " , which contained various modern electrical appliances . 
 
 = = Demise and replacement = = 
 
 The Ball and Theakston series are considered to be when Live & Kicking was at its peak in popularity . After their final series in 1999 , it was believed the BBC would replace Live & Kicking with another programme , as its two predecessors had both lasted six years . Instead , they continued with Live & Kicking , with new presenters Emma Ledden and Steve Wilson . The series was the beginning of the end for the show ; Ledden and Wilson did not know each other at the start of the series , and so there was none of the interaction between them , as seen between Ball and Theakston . Additionally , SMTV Live which broadcast opposite on ITV was slowly becoming more popular , and gaining the audience the BBC was losing . After just one series , Ledden and Wilson 's contracts were not renewed . Wilson later said that they were dropped just as they were starting to form a relationship , and that Ant & Dec , presenters of SMTV Live , had the edge over them as they had known each other much longer . Ledden had already been dropped when Wilson went through several meetings with the BBC . He decided it was better to leave after one good series , rather than do a second " lame " series , and went on to appear in rival SMTV Live 's 100th show , in the Friends skit , ' Chums ' . When Live & Kicking returned in October 2000 , it was completely revamped , with brand new titles and a line @-@ up of four presenters . However , this did nothing to increase viewing figures , and the chemistry between the presenters was even less apparent . It was decided not to end the show in April and replace it with a summer show , because the replacement FBi had lost even more viewers for the BBC . Live & Kicking continued until September after a move to Glasgow where the summer show had normally been filmed . Just before the move it was announced it would be the final series . The principal reason given for the decision was the increasing loss of viewers to SMTV Live , which had a similar format and was more successful . Live and Kicking was replaced by The Saturday Show , fronted by Dani Behr and Joe Mace , which was shown all year round until September 2003 when it began an Autumn @-@ Spring / Summer loop with Dick and Dom in da Bungalow . Live & Kicking was featured in the BBC 's It Started with Swap Shop programme in 2006 , where Noel Edmonds interviewed the first pair of presenters , Andi Peters and Emma Forbes , about their time on the show . 
 
 = = Programmes = = 
 
 Rugrats ( 1993 – 2001 ) 
 The Simpsons ( 1997 – 2000 ) 
 X @-@ Men ( 1993 – 1996 ) 
 Kenan and Kel ( 1997 – 2001 ) 
 Smart Guy ( 1997 – 2000 ) 
 The Wild Thornberrys ( 1999 – 2001 ) 
 Roswell Conspiracies ( 2000 – 2001 ) 
 Monster Rancher ( 1999 – 2001 ) 
 Clarissa Explains It All ( 1993 – 1996 ) 
 Grimmy ( 1994 ) 
 Eek ! The Cat 
 
 
 = Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman = 
 
 Timothy Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman ( March 18 , 1845 – February 27 , 1863 ) was an American Union Army soldier of Native Hawaiian descent . Considered one of the " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War " , he was among a group of more than one hundred documented Native Hawaiian and Hawaii @-@ born combatants who fought in the American Civil War while the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi was still an independent nation . 
 Born and raised in Hilo , Hawaiʻi , he was the eldest son of Kinoʻoleoliliha , a Hawaiian high chiefess , and Benjamin Pitman , an American pioneer settler from Massachusetts . Through his father 's business success in the whaling and sugar and coffee plantation industries and his mother 's familial connections to the Hawaiian royal family , the Pitmans were quite prosperous and owned lands on the island of Hawaiʻi and in Honolulu . He and his older sister were educated in the mission schools in Hilo alongside other children of mixed Hawaiian descent . After the death of his mother in 1855 , his father remarried to the widow of a missionary , thus connecting the family to the American missionary community in Hawaiʻi . However , following the deaths of his first wife and later his second wife , his father decided to leave the islands and returned to Massachusetts with his family around 1860 . He continued his education in the public schools of Roxbury , where the Pitman family lived for a period of time . 
 Leaving school without his family 's knowledge , he made the decision to fight in the Civil War in August 1862 . Despite his mixed @-@ race ancestry , Pitman avoided the racial segregation imposed on other Native Hawaiian recruits of the time and enlisted in the 22nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry , a white regiment . He served as a private in the Union Army fighting in the Battle of Antietam and the Maryland Campaign . In his company , Private Robert G. Carter befriended the part @-@ Hawaiian soldier and wrote in later life of their common experience in the 22nd Massachusetts . Compiled decades afterward from old letters , Carter 's account described the details surrounding his final fate in the war . On the march to Fredericksburg , Pitman was separated from his regiment and captured by Confederate guerrilla forces . He was forced to march to Richmond and incarcerated in the Confederate Libby Prison , where he contracted " lung fever " from the harsh conditions of his imprisonment and died on February 27 , 1863 , a few months after his release on parole in a prisoner exchange . Modern historians consider Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman to be the only known Hawaiian or Pacific Islander to die as a prisoner of war in the Civil War . 
 For a period of time after the end of the war , the legacy and contributions of Pitman and other documented Hawaiian participants in the American Civil War were largely forgotten except in the private circles of descendants and historians . However , there has been a revival of interest in recent years in the Hawaiian community . In 2010 , these " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War " were commemorated with a bronze plaque erected along the memorial pathway at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu . 
 
 = = Early life and family = = 
 
 Timothy Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman was born March 18 , 1845 , in Hilo , Hawaiʻi , the first son and second child of Benjamin Pitman and Kinoʻoleoliliha . Originally a native of Salem , Massachusetts , Pitman 's father was an early pioneer , businessman and sugar and coffee plantation owner on the island of Hawaiʻi , who profited greatly from the kingdom 's booming whaling industry in the early 1800s . On his father 's side , he was a great @-@ grandson of Joshua Pitman ( 1755 – 1822 ) , an English @-@ American carpenter on the ship  Franklin  under Captain Allen Hallett during the American Revolutionary War . On his mother 's side , Pitman was a descendant of Kameʻeiamoku , one of the royal twins ( with Kamanawa ) who advised Kamehameha I in his conquest of the Hawaiian Islands , and also of the early American or English sea captain Harold Cox , who lent his name to George " Cox " Kahekili Keʻeaumoku II , the Governor of Maui . Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman shared his Hawaiian name with his maternal grandfather Hoʻolulu , who , along with his brother Hoapili , helped conceal the bones of King Kamehameha I in a secret hiding place after his death . In the Hawaiian language , the name " Hoʻolulu " means " to be calm " , as a ship in a protected harbor . His siblings were Mary Ann Pitman Ailau ( 1838 – 1905 ) , Benjamin Keolaokalani Franklin Pitman ( 1852 – 1918 ) and half @-@ sister Maria Kinoʻole Pitman Morey ( 1858 – 1892 ) . 
 Because of his father 's success in business and his mother 's descent from Hawaiian royalty , the Pitman family was considered quite prosperous and were host to the royal family when they visited Hilo . Besides being one of the leading merchants in town , his father also served the government as district magistrate of Hilo . Henry 's mother , Kinoʻole , had inherited control over much of the lands in Hilo and Ōlaʻa from her own father , and King Kamehameha III had granted her use of the ahupuaʻa of Hilo after her marriage . During Henry 's early childhood , the family lived in the mansion that Benjamin Pitman had built in 1840 , in an area known as Niopola , one of the favored resort spots of ancient Hawaiian royalty . The residence also became known as the Spencer House after Pitman sold it to his business partner Captain Thomas Spencer . The property later became the site of the Hilo Hotel , built in 1888 and torn down in 1956 . In the 1850s the family moved to the capital of Honolulu where Benjamin Pitman took up banking and built a beautiful two @-@ story house that he named Waialeale ( " rippling water " ) at the corner of Alakea and Beretania Streets . 
 
 = = Education = = 
 
 While in Hawaiʻi , Pitman and his older sister Mary attended Mrs. Wetmore 's children 's school in Hilo . The school was located at the Wetmores ' residence on Church Street . Taught by Lucy Sheldon Taylor Wetmore , the wife of American missionary doctor and government physician Charles Hinckley Wetmore , the two elder Pitman children received their education in English rather than Hawaiian . This was unusual since Hawaiian was the official language of the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi , and all other schools in Hilo were conducted in the Hawaiian language . Mrs. Wetmore taught the children reading , writing , spelling , arithmetic and singing , while also reinforcing the curriculum with a strong adherence to the principles of the Protestant faith . Like the Pitman siblings , many of their classmates were also of half @-@ Hawaiian ( hapa @-@ kanaka ) descent with a majority of them being Chinese @-@ Hawaiians ( hapa @-@ pake ) . 
 After the death of his mother Kinoʻole in 1855 , Pitman 's father remarried to Maria Louisa Walsworth Kinney , the widow of American missionary Rev. Henry Kinney . The Kinneys were part of the Twelfth Company of missionaries from the American Board of Commissioners for Foreign Missions to arrive in 1848 . The marriage aligned the Pitman children with the American missionary community . They were called " cousins " by the children of the missionaries and considered part of the extended missionary family of Hawaiʻi . This first stepmother died in 1858 after giving birth to their father 's fourth child , a daughter named Maria Kinoʻole ( 1858 – 1892 ) . The Pitman family returned to Massachusetts in 1860 where his father remarried to his third wife Martha Ball , giving his four children another stepmother . According to an 1887 biography written by Robert G. Carter , a private who would later serve in the same company as Pitman , he was neglected after his mother 's death by his father and stepmother , who " subjected [ him ] to neglect and treatment , that with his sensitive nature he could not bear " . He continued his education in the public schools of Roxbury , where the Pitman family lived for a period of time . The 1860 United States Census registered Pitman under his teacher Solomon Adams as residing and presumably being educated in Newton , also in the Boston area . 
 Growing into adolescence , he was said to strongly resemble his Hawaiian mother . Robert G. Carter gave a brief description of his appearance in wartime letters first published in 1897 : 
 [ A ] tall , slim boy , straight as an arrow . His face was a perfect oval , his hair was as black as a raven 's wing , and his eyes were large and of that peculiar soft , melting blackness , which excites pity when one is in distress . His skin was a clear , dark olive , bordering on the swarthy , and this , with his high cheek bones , would have led us to suppose that his nationality was different from our own , had we not known that his name was plain Henry P. There was an air of good breeding and refinement about him , that , with his small hands and feet , would have set us to thinking , had it not been that in our youth and intensely enthusiastic natures , we gave no thought to our comrades ' personal appearance . We can look back now and see the shy , reserved nature of the boy , the dark , melancholy eyes , the sad smile , the sensitive twitching of the lips . 
 
 = = American Civil War = = 
 
 After the outbreak of the American Civil War , the Kingdom of Hawaiʻi under King Kamehameha IV declared its neutrality on August 26 , 1861 . But many Native Hawaiians and Hawaiian @-@ born Americans ( mainly descendants of the American missionaries ) both abroad and in the islands volunteered and enlisted in the military regiments of various states in the Union and the Confederacy . Individual Native Hawaiians had been serving in the United States Navy and Army since the War of 1812 , and even more served during the American Civil War . Many Hawaiians sympathized with the Union because of Hawaiʻi 's ties to New England through its missionaries and the whaling industries , and the ideological opposition of many to the institution of slavery . 
 
 = = = Enlistment and service = = = 
 
 On August 14 , 1862 , Pitman left school without his family 's knowledge and volunteered to serve in the Union Army and fight in the American Civil War . He apparently never informed his family in advance about the choice to join the war because the news of his enlistment was reported back in Hawaiʻi 's American missionary community as " Henry Pitman has run away from home and gone [ to war ] . " Carter described Pitman 's rationale for enlisting : " In the midst of the clamor of war , when the very air vibrated with excitement , the wild enthusiasm of the crowds , and the inspiring sound of the drum , his Indian nature rose within him . His resolve was made . " 
 Pitman was a hapa @-@ haole , of part Hawaiian and part Caucasian descent . His father was white and his native @-@ born mother was also part Caucasian from her own mother , who was the daughter of Captain Cox and a Hawaiian chiefess . Despite his mixed @-@ race ancestry , Pitman avoided the racial segregation imposed on other Native Hawaiian volunteers in this period . Most Native Hawaiians who participated in the war were assigned to colored regiments , but Pitman 's fair skin color meant he was able to serve in a white unit , indicating that unit assignment may have been influenced by how dark Hawaiians appeared . Historians Bob Dye , James L. Haley and others claimed Pitman was placed in the colored regiments because of his mixed race , but regiment records indicate otherwise . 
 Pitman served as a private in the 22nd Regiment Massachusetts Volunteer Infantry , Company H. This regiment was also named the " Henry Wilson 's Regiment " after Col. Henry Wilson , who commanded the unit in 1861 . Col. William S. Tilton was the commander during Pitman 's brief term of service . The regiment was part of the V Corps of the Army of the Potomac under the command of Major General George B. McClellan . During this period , the regiment fought in the Second Battle of Bull Run and was involved in the Maryland Campaign fighting in the Battle of Antietam , the bloodiest single @-@ day battle in American history , and the Battle of Shepherdstown . His regiment was on the march to the Battle of Fredericksburg when Pitman was captured by Confederate troops . 
 
 = = = Imprisonment and death = = = 
 
 The most detailed account of Pitman 's final fate in the War came from Robert G. Carter . In November 1862 , Pitman was captured near Warrenton Junction on the march toward Fredericksburg , Virginia , during the weeks prior to the Battle of Fredericksburg . He had fallen behind the group because his feet had blistered and swollen due to the tightness of " a pair of thin , high @-@ heeled and narrow soled boots " he had purchased . One of his comrades temporarily stayed behind to care for him but later decided to move on with the rest of the camp for fear of disciplinary consequences of falling out without authority . He was urged to move on , but without much success . Pitman 's last words to his comrade were , " I will be in camp by night , good by . " His fellow soldiers never saw him again and considered him missing . Shortly after he was left , a band of Confederate guerrillas under Colonel John S. Mosby captured the weary and defenseless soldier without a struggle . The inscription on his tombstone differs slightly from Carter 's account , stating he was captured by J. E. B. Stuart 's cavalry instead . 
 After Pitman 's capture , he was marched to Richmond in a weak physical state . He was imprisoned in the Confederate Libby Prison and Belle Isle , which were notoriously harsh prisons . Pitman 's letters home described his place of incarceration as the " Pen " where " the filthy meat [ was ] thrown to them as if they were dogs " . The condition of his incarceration including the shortage of food , lack of sanitation , overcrowding and his physical weakness made him susceptible to virulent diseases present in the Confederate prisons . Carter described how the prisons " wore out the brave spirit " . During a prisoner exchange , Pitman was released by the Confederate Army at City Point , Virginia , on December 12 , 1862 , and then sent to Annapolis Parole Camp . Suffering from complications due to the conditions of his imprisonment , he contracted " lung fever " , which was perhaps pneumonia . Carter wrote later how his friend had " linger [ ed ] feebly a few weeks , like the flickering of an expiring flame , then quietly pass [ ed ] away to an eternal life " . Pitman died at Parole Camp on February 27 , 1863 , just weeks short of his eighteenth birthday . According to historians Anita Manning and Justin Vance , Pitman " has the unfortunate distinction of being the only known Hawaiian or Pacific Islander to die as a prisoner of war in the Civil War . " 
 Considering him missing , Pitman 's regiment did not discover his final fate until news of his funeral at Roxbury was received in the spring of the following year . His remains were returned to his family in Massachusetts after his death in Parole Camp . Benjamin Pitman , his father , had him buried in a family plot in Mount Auburn Cemetery . On one side of the Pitman family grave marker was placed the inscription : 
 Timothy Henry Pitman 
 Born at Hilo , Hawaii 
 Mar. 18 , 1845 
 Died at Camp Parole 
 Annapolis , MD , Feb 'y 27 , 1863 
 Aged 17 years 11 mos . 9 daysA member of Co . H , 22nd Regiment 
 Mass . Vols . , was with his Regiment in the 
 battles of South Mountain , Antietam and 
 Sharpsburg . Was taken prisoner by Stuart 's 
 cavalry on the march to Fredricksburg ; 
 Imprisoned in Libby Prison , paroled and 
 sent to Camp Parole , Annapolis , and died in 
 camp of pneumonia . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 After his death , the memory of Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman was honored by friends and family members back in Massachusetts and Hawaiʻi . During a return to Hawaiʻi in 1917 , his younger brother Benjamin Keolaokalani Franklin Pitman and his wife Almira Hollander Pitman , discovered a grandson of a nephew was named Kealiʻi i Kaua i Pakoma ( meaning " Chief that fought the Potomac " ) in honor of his deceased older brother . Similarly , Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman Beckley , the second son of his Hawaiian first cousin George Charles Moʻoheau Beckley , was also named after him . Shortly after his death , Pitman was eulogized back in Hawaiʻi by Martha Ann Chamberlain , Corresponding Secretary of the Hawaiian Mission Children 's Society : 
 Our cousin , Henry Pitman , the first of Hawaii 's sons to fall in the war , died at Annapolis Parole Camp , Feb. 27 , of lung fever , serving as a soldier in the Union army . His remains were deposited in Mt . Auburn Cemetery , near Boston , Mass . He died in a just cause . Let his memory be embalmed among our band . 
 After the war , the military service of Hawaiians , including Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman , were largely forgotten , disappearing from the collective memories of the American Civil War and the history of Hawaiʻi . However , in recent years , Hawaiian residents and historians and descendants of Hawaiian combatants in the conflict have insisted on the need to remember " our boys from Hawaii " . Renewed interest in the stories of these individuals and this particular period of Hawaiian @-@ American history have inspired efforts to preserve the memories of the Hawaiians who served in the war . On August 26 , 2010 , on the anniversary of the signing of the Hawaiian Neutrality Proclamation , a bronze plaque was erected along the memorial pathway at the National Memorial Cemetery of the Pacific in Honolulu recognizing these " Hawaiʻi Sons of the Civil War " , the more than one hundred documented Hawaiians who served during the American Civil War for both the Union and the Confederacy . Pitman 's great @-@ grandniece Diane Kinoʻole o Liliha Pitman Spieler attended the ceremony . Pitman Spieler stated , " I 'm very proud of a young man of his age – he was quite young – who served in the Civil War for his family . " 
 In 2013 , Todd Ocvirk , Nanette Napoleon , Justin Vance , Anita Manning and others began the process of creating a historical documentary about the individual experiences and stories of Hawaii @-@ born soldiers and sailors of the American Civil War , including Pitman , Samuel C. Armstrong , Nathaniel Bright Emerson , James Wood Bush , J. R. Kealoha and many other unnamed combatants of both the Union and the Confederacy . In 2014 , Maui @-@ based author Wayne Moniz wrote a fictionalized story based on the lives and Civil War service of Hawaiian soldiers like Henry Hoʻolulu Pitman in his book Pukoko : A Hawaiian in the American Civil War . In 2015 , the sesquicentennial of the end of the war , the National Park Service released a publication titled Asians and Pacific Islanders and the Civil War about the service of the large number of combatants of Asian and Pacific Islander descent who fought during the war . The history of Hawaiʻi 's involvement and the biographies of Pitman , Bush , Kealoha and others were co @-@ written by historians Anita Manning and Justin Vance . 
 
 
 = Church of Christ Pantocrator , Nesebar = 
 
 The Church of Christ Pantocrator ( Bulgarian : църква „ Христос Пантократор “ , tsarkva „ Hristos Pantokrator “ or църква „ Христос Вседържател “ , tsarkva „ Hristos Vsedarzhatel “ , Byzantine Greek : Ναός Χριστού Παντοκράτωρος ) is a medieval Eastern Orthodox church in the eastern Bulgarian town of Nesebar ( medieval Mesembria ) , on the Black Sea coast of Burgas Province . Part of the Ancient Nesebar UNESCO World Heritage Site , the Church of Christ Pantocrator was constructed in the 13th – 14th century and is best known for its lavish exterior decoration . The church , today an art gallery , survives largely intact and is among Bulgaria 's best preserved churches of the Middle Ages . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Church of Christ Pantocrator is usually dated to the late 13th or early 14th century . University of Pennsylvania scholar Robert G. Ousterhout places its construction in the mid @-@ 14th century . Rough Guides author Jonathan Bousfield attributes its building to the rule of Tsar Ivan Alexander of Bulgaria ( r . 1331 – 1371 ) , though during this time control of Nesebar changed many times between the Second Bulgarian Empire and Byzantium . The church is dedicated to Christ Pantocrator , a name of God which hails him as the " Ruler of All " in Greek . 
 The church is located on Mesembria Street , near the entrance to Nesebar 's old town . Nowadays , it houses an art gallery which exhibits works by Bulgarian artists . As it belongs to the old town of Nesebar , the Church of Christ Pantocrator forms part of the Ancient City of Nesebar UNESCO World Heritage Site and the 100 Tourist Sites of Bulgaria . Since 1927 , it has been under state protection as a " national antiquity " , and it was listed among Bulgaria 's monuments of culture of national importance in 1964 . 
 
 = = Architecture = = 
 
 The church is designed in late Byzantine cross @-@ in @-@ square style . It was constructed from stones and brickwork , a construction technique known as opus mixtum , and measures 16 by 6 @.@ 90 metres ( 52 @.@ 5 ft × 22 @.@ 6 ft ) , 16 by 6 @.@ 70 metres ( 52 @.@ 5 ft × 22 @.@ 0 ft ) , or 14 @.@ 20 by 4 @.@ 80 metres ( 46 @.@ 6 ft × 15 @.@ 7 ft ) , depending on the source . The walls of the church are 0 @.@ 80 metres ( 2 @.@ 6 ft ) thick . The colour of the bricks gives the church a ruddy appearance . 
 The church features a narthex and a cella ( or " naos " ) with an essentially rectangular elongated plan . The narthex is small , but has a medieval tomb underneath it . There are four entrances to the church : two accessing the cella from the south and west , and another two for the narthex from the west and north . The apse of the church has three small parts which overlap each other to form a single , larger unit . The prothesis and diaconicon of the church are located by the apse . 
 The dome , octagonal in shape , stands prominently on top of the centre of the cella . It was supported by four now @-@ destroyed columns which were located directly beneath it . The integrated bell tower has been built on top of the narthex , as was customary in contemporary Byzantine church architecture , and extends from the rectangular main structure . The bell tower was originally rectangular , though it is now partially ruined . It was reached from the south by means of a stone staircase . 
 
 = = Decoration = = 
 
 The best @-@ known feature of the Church of Christ Pantocrator is the rich and colourful decoration of its exterior walls . The most lavishly decorated part of the church is the east side with the apse , and as a whole all sides of the church exhibit different ornamentation . Interchanging strips of three or four rows of bricks and carved stones , which create an optical pattern , are the most basic type of decoration used . Rows of blind arches , four @-@ leaved floral motifs , triangular ornaments , circular turquoise ceramics and brick swastika friezes run along the east wall . Ousterhout likens the appearance of the church 's superimposed arcades to an aqueduct ; an earlier example of that configuration can be observed in the Cappadocian church of Çanlı Kilise near Aksaray , Turkey . The inclusion of swastikas in the decoration is considered unusual and curious to tourists . It is explained by the medieval use of the swastika as a symbol of the Sun . 
 The decoration of the elongated north and south walls includes brick blind arches in the bottom part and a large arch for each wall adjacent to the dome with a columned window in the middle . There are windows above the lower arches of the north and south facade . The dome , which also exhibits a large number of ornamental details and ceramics , features eight windows , one for each of its sides . The medieval frescoes which were painted on the interior walls of the church have been only fragmentarily preserved . 
 
 
 = Kir 'Shara = 
 
 " Kir 'Shara " is the ninth episode of the fourth season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Enterprise . It was writer Michael Sussman 's third episode of the season , while it was director David Livingston 's second . The episode was the third in a three @-@ part story arc , following on from the episodes " The Forge " and " Awakening " . " Kir 'Shara " and the Vulcan arc showed themes relating to the Protestant Reformation resulting in comparisons to books such as The Da Vinci Code and The Celestine Prophecy , while the Kir 'Shara itself was compared to the Nag Hammadi library . 
 Set in the 22nd century , the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise , registration NX @-@ 01 . In this episode , Enterprise attempts to avert a war , and is caught in a crossfire between Vulcan and Andorian starships . Meanwhile . Captain Archer , Commander T 'Pol , and T 'Pau aim to take the Kir 'Shara to the Vulcan capital , and use it to reveal Administrator V 'Las ' plot to the rest of the Vulcan High Command . 
 In addition to the guest stars returning from the previous arc episodes , or the episode " Home " , Jeffrey Combs returned as Shran . The episode was shot across seven days using mostly standing sets , with only an Andorian brig built specifically for this episode . " Kir 'Shara " also saw the return of the Vulcan lirpa , a weapon which had been first introduced in the Star Trek : The Original Series episode " Amok Time " . The episode originally aired on December 3 , 2004 on UPN . It received a Nielsen rating of 2 @.@ 1 / 4 percent , which equalled the highest ratings seen during the fourth season . It was warmly received by critics who praised Combs ' performance and noted that this episode was an indication of the improving quality of the series . However there was mixed opinion regarding the ending of the episode . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Enterprise heads to Andoria after Ambassador Soval informs them that the Vulcans believe they have been developing Xindi weapon technology . Soval guides Enterprise to a nebula where the Andorian fleet is hiding . Commander Shran is dubious , and abducts and tortures Soval . After believing him , Enterprise joins a fleet of six Andorian ships to intercept the Vulcans . Commander Tucker attempts to buy time by ordering Enterprise directly between the two fleets — this works for a while until Administrator V 'Las orders them to be targeted too . 
 Meanwhile , at The Forge , Captain Archer , Commander T 'Pol , and T 'Pau , having found the sacred Kir 'Shara ( which the Syrrannites believe will usher a Vulcan enlightenment ) , endeavor to take it to the capital . En route , T 'Pol and T 'Pau discuss the taboo of mind @-@ melds , and T 'Pau offers to mind @-@ meld with T 'Pol . She states the meld is safe when performed by those trained in the art , and that Pa 'nar Syndrome is merely the by @-@ product of an improperly conducted meld . The trio are then attacked by Major Talok and Vulcan commandos , and T 'Pol is captured while the others escape . She tells her captors that they are headed to Mount Seleya in order to mislead them from their true destination . 
 She is then taken to the capital . Archer and T 'Pau also arrive after T 'Pol 's husband , Koss , provides transporter security codes . They present the Kir 'Shara to the Command and reveal that the embassy bombing was merely a pretext to weaken the pacifist Syrranites prior to the Andorian strike . Visibly angered , V 'Las lunges for the Kir 'Shara , but is stunned by High @-@ Minister Kuvak , who orders the fleet to stand down . Enterprise returns to Vulcan , and Koss visits to release T 'Pol from their marriage . Meanwhile , the Vulcan High Command is dissolved , granting Earth greater autonomy , and the katra of Surak is transferred to a Vulcan high priest . V 'Las , relieved of his post , meets secretly with Talok , revealed as a Romulan agent , who states that the reunification of their worlds is only a matter of time . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 Like " Home " , " Kir 'Shara " was written by Michael Sussman and was his third script during the fourth season . David Livingston directed the episode , which was his second episode of the season having previously directed " Borderland " . Most of the guest stars had appeared in the previous episode " Awakening " , including Robert Foxworth as Administrator V 'Las , Kara Zediker as T 'Pau and John Rubinstein as Kuvak . In addition , Michael Reilly Burke resumes his role as Koss for the third time , having appeared in the role both in " Home " and " The Forge " . Also appearing , having appeared in " Home " , was Jack Donner as a Vulcan priest . Donner appeared in The Original Series episode " The Enterprise Incident " as the Romulan Commander Subcommander Tal . " Kir 'Shara " also saw the return of Jeffrey Combs as the Andorian Commander Shran for the sixth time as well as Gary Graham as Ambassador Soval , who has appeared as a recurring character in Enterprise since the pilot episode " Broken Bow " . 
 Filming began on October 4 , 2004 and continued until October 12 . Despite the desert locations , all filming took place on soundstages . These represented a variety of places throughout the Vulcan desert @-@ like Forge . The remaining sets used were either standing sets , or those which had been constructed for the previous two episodes . The exceptions to that were two sets to represent scenes on board Commander Shran 's Andorian vessel . The Andorian bridge set , which had been used previously in the series , had a single wall brought out of storage in order to appear as a backdrop for Shran when he appears on the Enterprise viewscreen . The Andorian brig was built specifically for this episode for scenes with Shran and Soval . 
 Re @-@ appearing in " Kir 'Shara " were the traditional Vulcan weapon , the lirpa , which was first introduced in The Original Series episode " Amok Time " . The lirpa is a long shaft with a crescent blade on one end and a spiked cudgel on the other . Brand new props were built for this episode , modifying the original design by making them more lightweight . They were wielded in " Kir 'Shara " by Vulcan commandos , who were all played by stunt actors in non @-@ speaking roles . Additional stunt doubles were required for Archer , T 'Pol , T 'Pau and Talok while two puppeteers were needed for the Andorian antennae seen on screen . 
 
 = = Themes = = 
 
 " Kir 'Shara " followed up the events of the previous two episodes in the story arc as well some of the elements seen earlier in the season in the episode " Home " . " The Forge " sees Captain Jonathan Archer ( Scott Bakula ) and T 'Pol ( Jolene Blalock ) travel into the Vulcan desert known as the Forge in order to find a renegade faction of Vulcans , known as the Syrrannites . During the journey , Archer has the katra of Surak transferred into him . In " Awakening " , the duo meet the Syrrannites and find out they are peaceful . After Enterprise leaves orbit , the Vulcans start bombarding the caves where the Syrrannites are located , killing T 'Pol 's mother , T 'Les ( Joanna Cassidy ) . 
 Speaking about " Awakening " , show runner Manny Coto had previously said that he envisaged the story arc to be about a Vulcan reformation as a metaphor to the real @-@ world 16th century Protestant Reformation with T 'Pau playing the role of Martin Luther . This view was supported by the 2010 book Star Trek As Myth , which saw the original Vulcan religion prior to the Reformation arc seen from " The Forge " onwards as equating to the Catholic Church while the Syrannites were the Protestants . In doing so , Administrator V 'Las is therefore linked to the anti @-@ Christ in much the same way that the Protestant Reformation saw the Pope as the anti @-@ Christ . In this role , the Romulans in the story take the place of the subversive devils to form an unholy alliance . 
 It was also suggested that the Kir 'Shara itself was similar in context to the Nag Hammadi library , which was a collection of thirteen codices found in Nag Hammadi , Egypt , in 1945 that date back to between the 2nd to 5th centuries . Unlike those codices , the Vulcan High Council attempts to suppress the revelation of the Kir 'Shara in a similar manner to the Catholic Church 's suppression seen in other fictional works such as Dan Brown 's The Da Vinci Code or James Redfield 's The Celestine Prophecy . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 " Kir 'Shara " was first aired in the United States on UPN on December 3 , 2004 . The broadcast saw the episode come in fourth place during the timeslot , with a Nielsen rating of 2 @.@ 1 / 4 percent . This means that it was seen by 2 @.@ 1 percent of all households , and 4 percent of all those watching television at the time of broadcast . It gained higher ratings than The WB , who aired What I Like About You and Grounded for Life . The ratings equalled the highest ratings of the season so far , which were previously achieved by " Borderland " , " Cold Station 12 " and " The Augments " . 
 TV Guide listed " Kir 'Shara " on its Hot List for the day , while the preview by IGN said that the show " finally grows up and becomes a Star Trek series this week " . It described " Kir 'Shara " as " far from a perfectly executed Trek story but they get enough right to make it a lot easier to overlook the few things they miss . " It said that there had been an overall improvement in the fourth season , and that " this could become some of the best Star Trek ever made " . It gave " Kir 'Shara " a rating of four and a half out of five . In Matthew Kappell 's book Star Trek As Myth , he said that he felt that the revelation that the previous Vulcan administration was working with the Romulans all along " suddenly makes sense of years of previously incomprehensible Vulcan policy " and linked to The Next Generation episode " Unification " . 
 Herc , in his review for Ain 't It Cool News , praised the reliability of Jeffrey Combs as Shran , but thought that there were no major surprises . Herc did say that the biggest shock was the revelation that the Romulans were behind the bombing of the Human Embassy . He gave it a rating of three out of five . Michelle Erica Green reviewed the episode for TrekNation , calling it an " absolutely gripping episode " except for the " ludicrousness of the ending " . She made the admission about the ending that , " I suppose the Romulans had to show up at some point , I guess Vulcan is as good a place as any . " She thought that the torture scenes were " pointless " , but was pleased with the characterisation seen in Archer , T 'Pol and Tucker . Jamahl Epsicokhan at his website " Jammer 's Reviews " said that the episode was " not perfect , but good " with an " intriguing " ending . He also praised Jeffrey Combs as Shran , and thought that the torture screens were potent but that the ending was rushed . He gave the episode a rating of three out of four . The first home media release of " Kir 'Shara " was in the season four DVD box set of Enterprise , originally released in the United States on November 1 , 2005 . The Blu @-@ ray edition was released on April 1 , 2014 . 
 
 
 = Meralda Warren = 
 
 Meralda Elva Junior Warren ( born 28 June 1959 ) is an artist and poet of Pitcairn Island , a remote British Overseas Territory in the South Pacific . She works in both English and Pitkern , the island 's distinctive creole language . Her book , Mi Base side orn Pitcairn , written with the island 's six children , is the first to be written and published in both English and Pitkern . As an artist , she works with tapa cloth , a Polynesian tradition . She has also published a cookbook featuring Pitcairn Island cuisine . 
 Warren has also served as the island 's nurse , its only police officer , a ham radio operator , and as a member of the territory 's governing council , among many other roles . 
 
 = = Biography = = 
 
 Warren was born on Pitcairn Island on 28 June 1959 , the second child of Jacob Ralph " Chippie " Warren ( 1920 – 2007 ) and Mavis Mary Brown ( born 1936 ) . Warren is the sister of Jay Warren ( born 1950 ) who served as the third mayor of the Pitcairn Islands ( 2004 – 2007 ) , and previously as the colony 's 29th magistrate ( 1991 – 1997 ) . She is a first cousin of Mike Warren ( born 1964 ) , the colony 's fourth mayor ( 2007 – 2014 ) . She is the descendant of mutineers from the famed Mutiny on the Bounty ( 1789 ) and of the Tahitian men and women who journeyed with the mutineers in settling the island in 1790 . 
 
 = = = Artist , poet , author and many other jobs = = = 
 
 Warren is a poet , and the author of two books , including Mi Base side orn Pitcairn ( " My Favourite Place on Pitcairn " ) , written with children on Pitcairn Island . It is the first book written and published in Pitkern and English . 
 Her works include a cookbook , Taste of Pitcairn featuring the cuisine of the Pitcairn Islands , and poetry in both Pitkern and English . Pitkern is an English @-@ based creole language derived from eighteenth @-@ century English and Tahitian . She writes poetry in both English and Pitkern . 
 In 2007 , Warren revived Pitcairn 's tradition of art created on tapa cloth , a woven bark cloth common in Polynesian culture . Her works have been displayed in museums and galleries in Tahiti , Norfolk Island , and New Zealand . In 2011 , she was one of seven artists awarded a Commonwealth Connections International Arts Residency , which provided a grant of £ 8 @,@ 000 that allowed her to work with other artists in New Zealand . She is the first recipient from the Pitcairn Islands . 
 Pitcairn has a small population . The island 's 48 residents often serve in several capacities or jobs . Warren describes her many roles on her personal website : 
 Travelling with patients to New Zealand and Tahiti and taking up Nursing , Radio Operator for the shore to ship skeds from ZBP station and twice daily contact with Auckland international Radio telephone link , Working in our Co @-@ op store , Council member for many years as well as being the Governors appointee member to council a few times , Becoming the first female Police & Immigration Officer for a few years . Lands Commission president , Lands court member , Bee keeper since 1978 . ASL operator for siesmic Vault , Installing wireless networking throughout Adamstown , Duncan cleaner , Contract Lawnmowing jobs , and many misc jobs inc Tourism and Entertainment . PHEWWwww. it became apprent to me that what I enjoy most is my art . ( T ) his is getting pushed aside whilst I am working these time consuming no pay or low paid positions which was making me very tired and yes .... Bitchy [ sic ] 
 Beginning in 1996 , Warren served as the island 's only police officer . However , since no one had been arrested on the island since the 1950s , her duties involved issuing driving licenses and stamping visitors ' passports . Warren had no qualifications or formal training to be a police officer , and was given the job because everyone on the island had a " job " . The island 's jail was described as " the size of a garden shed and riddled with termites , " and its cells had been used to store building materials and lifejackets . When the island came into the international spotlight due to a sexual abuse scandal , a law enforcement professional sent to the island criticized their practices , stating " It was glaringly obvious ... that their standard of policing was not really adequate . " 
 Warren was elected on 15 December 2004 to the Island Council . As a radio operator , she broadcasts under the call sign VP6MW . 
 
 = = = Pitcairn 's sexual abuse trial = = = 
 
 Warren was an outspoken critic of accusations that the island 's girls had been sexually abused when young , and the prosecution of a selected number of Pitcairn 's male residents . She claimed that young girls on Pitcairn customarily became sexually active after age 12 , a practice of underage sex that had been accepted as a Polynesian tradition since the settlement of the island in 1790 . One resident , Olive Christian , said of her girlhood , " We all thought sex was like food on the table . " 
 Many Pitcairn Island men blamed the British police for persuading the women involved to press charges . Some of the women agreed , and advocated a conspiracy theory that the trial was , in Warren 's words , " a British plot to jail the [ community 's ] able @-@ bodied men and ' close ' the island " , and that the British officials " picked on all the viable young men , the ones who are the backbone of this place . " 
 A majority of the island 's residents denied or excused the allegations . During the trial , Warren circulated a poem titled " Is Seven a Lucky Number ? " that criticized the British government and lawyers ' attempts to impose British law against their island 's traditions . 
 As the case wore on , Warren reflected that " the bottom had fallen out of our world … We lost our trust for each other . " Her brother , Jay Warren , who was accused of " indecent assault " , was the only defendant among the seven accused to be acquitted on 24 October 2004 . 
 Warren was convicted of assault during a drunken disagreement with another resident when the two were angered by tensions over the sexual abuse matter . The case was prosecuted by a Crown prosecutor and tried by a New Zealand magistrate . Warren was fined NZ $ 60 . The case cost the British government NZ $ 40 @,@ 000 to prosecute . 
 
 = = Works = = 
 
 1986 : A Taste of Pitcairn : The First Pitcairn Island Cookbook ( cookbook ) 
 2005 : A Taste of Pitcairn : The First Pitcairn Island Cookbook ( cookbook ) ( updated edition ) 
 2008 : Mi Base side orn Pitcairn ( " My Favourite Place on Pitcairn " ) , with 6 children on Pitcairn 
 
 
 = 2nd Battalion 9th Marines = 
 
 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines ( 2 / 9 ) was an infantry battalion of the United States Marine Corps . Formed during World War I , the unit played an instrumental role in the defeat of the Japanese forces in the Battles of Guam and Iwo Jima during the World War II . The battalion distinguished itself in the defense of Khe Sanh during the Vietnam War , and later participated in an ill fated invasion of Koh Tang Island in Southeast Asia , with the intention of rescuing the crew of the SS Mayaguez . During Operation Desert Storm , the battalion served as the lead battalion for the III Marine Expeditionary Force ( III MEF ) . 
 2 / 9 also participated in various humanitarian missions . The battalion helped evacuate Americans from Northern China during the Chinese Civil War and in various occasions participated in providing relief to the victims of typhoons . In 1992 , the battalion participated in Operation Restore Hope in Somalia . 
 2nd Battalion 9th Marines served until September 2 , 1994 , when it was deactivated to make room for one of three light armor reconnaissance battalions . It was part of the 9th Marine Regiment and the 3rd Marine Division . On July 13 , 2007 , 2nd Battalion 9th Marines was re @-@ activated again as part of the 6th Marine Regiment and replaced the Anti @-@ Terrorism Battalion ( ATBN ) . On April 1 , 2015 it was deactivated as part of a post @-@ war drawdown . 
 
 = = Battalion composition = = 
 
 A Battalion in the Marine Corps is headed by the Battalion Commander , usually a Lieutenant Colonel and sometimes a Colonel , his staff , headquarters , and the Battalion Sergeant Major . It usually consists of 3 @-@ 5 companies , with a total of 300 to 1 @,@ 200 Marines . 2nd Battalion 9th Marines comprises a Headquarters & Service ( H & S ) Company , Weapons Company and three Infantry Companies : Echo , Fox , and Golf . During the Vietnam war the Battalion comprised Headquarters & Service ( H & S ) Company , and Four Infantry Companies Echo , Fox , Golf , and Hotel . Each Company had its own weapons platoon with 3 squads of M 60 machine guns ( 7 @.@ 62 ) and 60 mm mortars and ether 3 @.@ 5 inch Rocket Launchers ( super bazooka ) or later LAAWS . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Early years = = = 
 
 With the advent of World War I , the United States expanded the Armed Forces , to include the United States Marine Corps . The 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines ( also known as 2 / 9 ) was created and activated on November 20 , 1917 at Quantico , Virginia . During this period , there was turmoil in Cuba 's sugar producing regions . American companies operated the island 's sugar industry , which was vital to the economy of the United States . The battalion 's first mission was to keep order in the island and once this was accomplished , it was reassigned . There were rumors that German agents were going to disrupt Mexican oil shipments to Texas . The battalion was sent to Texas to safeguard these shipments . 2 / 9 was disbanded after the war on April 25 , 1919 only to be reactivated in 1925 . The battalion 's main objective was to train reserve Marines and its headquarters was now transferred to Kansas City , Missouri with two companies stationed at St. Louis . 2 / 9 was once again disbanded in 1937 . 
 
 = = = World War II = = = 
 
 In April 1942 , five months after the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor , the unit was activated as part of the 2nd Marine Division . The headquarters was at Camp Elliot in San Diego , California , where it underwent intensive amphibious training . Before being reassigned to the 3rd Marine Division , the unit was assigned to Amphibious Corps , Pacific Fleet . The regiment was sent to Guadalcanal on July 1943 to relieve the 1st Marine Division . 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines participated in the Bougainville campaign of the Solomon Islands in the latter part of 1943 . On July 21 , 1944 , 2 / 9 participated in the invasion of Guam . The Japanese forces staged seven counterattacks , however the Marines prevailed despite the fact that they suffered over 50 % casualties . It was during this initial battle that one Marine , Captain Louis H. Wilson Jr . , ( who would in the future become a Commandant of the Marine Corps ) earned the Medal of Honor . 
 The 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines were part of the reserve forces for the Battle of Iwo Jima and were committed to the action five days after D @-@ Day . Among the Marines who distinguished themselves on Iwo Jima was Private Wilson D. Watson who received the Medal of Honor . After the island was secured , the unit was sent back to Guam where they underwent training for a possible invasion of the Japanese mainland . The invasion never occurred since hostilities between Japan and the United States came to an end . The 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines was sent to Camp Pendelton where , in December 1945 , it was once again disbanded . 
 
 = = = Post World War II = = = 
 
 In November 1948 , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines was again reestablished . The final stages of fighting between the Nationalists and the Communists , in the Chinese Civil War ( also known as the War of Liberation ) , occurred between 1945 and 1950 . When the fighting escalated , the 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines were ordered to Northern China to evacuate all Americans . This mission was accomplished by March 1949 and after which the battalion was sent to Camp Lejeune , North Carolina and was renamed as the 3rd Battalion , 6th Marine . 
 On June 25 , 1950 , war broke out between the provisional governments of North and South Korea as they competed for control over the Korean peninsula . North Korea was supported by the People 's Volunteer Army ( PVA ) of the People 's Republic of China and South Korea by the allies under the aegis of the United Nations which included the United States . The conflict is known as the Korean War . The 1st Marine Division was sent in and saw action in the Battle of Chosin Reservoir . In 1952 , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines was reactivated and underwent training in Japan with the intention of participating in the conflict as part of the 3rd Marine Division . However an armistice was signed on July 27 , 1953 , and the unit did not deploy to Korea . Even though 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines did not actively participate in the conflict , the unit was awarded the Korean Service Streamer and National Defense Service Medal Streamer . The 3rd Marine Divisions headquarters was moved to Okinawa in 1955 and in 1959 the 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines returned to the 1st Marine Division . In 1960 , the battalion returned to the 3rd Marine Division in Okinawa . 
 
 = = = Vietnam War = = = 
 
 The Vietnam War , was a conflict between the Democratic Republic of Vietnam ( DRVN , DRV or North Vietnam ) and the Republic of Vietnam ( RVN or South Vietnam ) , which eventually involved their respective allies . In 1959 , the United States sent military advisors to train the Army of the Republic of Vietnam . By 1965 , there were 25 @,@ 000 military advisors in South Vietnam and on March 8 , 1965 , the United States Marines became the first US combat troops to land in South Vietnam , with a force of 3 @,@ 500 . 
 The 3d Marine Division began operating in Vietnam when on March 6 , 1965 , they opened a Marine Compound at the Da Nang Air Base . On July 4 , 1965 , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines were ordered to Vietnam from Okinawa . 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines fought battles in or around Danang , Hue , Phu Bai , Đông Hà , Camp Carroll , Cam Lộ , Con Thien , Than Cam Son , Quảng Trị , Cửa Việt , Vandegrift Combat Base and what is considered by many as their most vicious engagement , the Battle of Khe Sanh . 
 In September 1962 , U.S. military forces constructed an airstrip outside the town of Khe Sanh which became known as the Khe Sanh Combat Base . In 1965 the U.S. Special Forces constructed a base next to it . The base 's defense was codenamed Operation Scotland and manned by the 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines from 1967 . It was used as a staging ground for a number of attacks on North Vietnamese ( NVA ) troop movements down the Ho Chi Minh Trail . 
 From April to June 1966 , the 2 / 9 Marines were caught in crossfire of the Buddhist Uprising , when much of the forces of I Corps rebelled against Prime Minister and Air Marshal Nguyen Cao Ky , the head of the ruling junta , who had dismissed their commander , General Nguyen Chanh Thi . 
 In April and May 1967 various " Hill Fights " on Hills 861 , 881 North and 881 South between the 2 / 9 Marines and NVA occurred . In January 1968 , Khe Sanh Combat Base came under heavy attack in what is known as the Battle of Khe Sanh . The main objective of the Communists was to draw off American troops into the countryside in preparation for the Tet Offensive . Despite being outnumbered , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines held their ground and the North Vietnamese were driven off of the area around after experiencing heavy casualties by heavy aerial bombardments by B @-@ 52s . 
 From January 22 to March 18 , 1969 , 2 / 9 participated in Operation Dewey Canyon which was a sweep of the A Shau Valley and the last major offensive by the Marine Corps in Vietnam . 
 In August 1969 , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines was ordered to return to Camp Schwab , Okinawa . During this period the unit was assigned to sea duty in and around the waters of Vietnam and continued to receive combat training at Camp Fuji , Japan and Subic Bay in the Philippines . 
 
 = = = = Mayaguez Incident = = = = 
 
 On May 12 , 1975 , barely two weeks after the fall of Saigon , Khmer Rouge forces seized a U.S. flagged merchant ship , the SS Mayaguez in recognized international sea lanes claimed as territorial waters by Cambodia and removed its crew for questioning . The Khmer Rouge naval forces used abandoned US Navy " Swift Boats " in the seizure of the U.S. container ship . 
 Calling the seizure " piracy " , President Ford ordered a military response to retake the ship and its 39 @-@ man crew , mistakenly thought to be on Koh Tang Island . On May 13 , two A @-@ 7D Corsairs saw the 39 man crew board a fishing boat and saw people disembarking fishing boats at Koh Tang Island . They assumed that the Mayaguez crew was on the island . Elements of the 1st Battalion , 4th Marines , the 2nd Battalion , 4th Marines , and the 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines , were flown to an advanced staging of a joint US Task Force . On May 14 , the Marines from Company D , 1st Battalion , 4th Marines boarded the Mayaguez only to find it deserted and raised the American flag . A Thai fishing boat with a Thai crew and the 39 crew members of the SS Mayaguez which had been set free , approached the USS Wilson . 
 
 = = = = Battle of Koh Tang Island = = = = 
 
 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines landed on Koh Tang Island where the crew of the SS Mayaguez was believed to be held , they were unaware that the crew was already in American hands . The Marines and the CH @-@ 53 helicopters which transported them , were attacked by the Khmer Rouge with machine guns , mortars , and rocket propelled grenade launchers in what became known as the Battle of Koh Tang Island . When the battalion received word of the safe arrival of the Mayaguez crew on the USS Wilson the Marines planned their withdrawal once they received orders from the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff to that effect . After the last helicopter left , a head count showed that 3 Marines were left behind on the island . They were : PFC Gary Hall , LCpl . Joseph Hargrove , and Pvt Danny Marshall from E CO , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines . The three Marines were captured by the Khmer Rouge within a few days , tortured , executed , and buried in a common , unmarked grave on Koh Tang Island . 
 The Mayagüez incident with the Khmer Rouge , which ended on May 15 , 1975 , marked the last official battle of the 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines in the Vietnam War . The unit deployment program was put into practice in February 1979 , and 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines became the first battalion to rotate to the United States . A total of 18 Marines were killed on the last day of the SS Mayaguez rescue operation . They are the last Marines listed on the timeline of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial located in Washington , D.C. 
 
 = = = Post Vietnam era = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Operations Desert Shield & Desert Storm = = = = 
 
 Before the August 2 , 1990 , invasion of Kuwait by Saddam Hussein 's Iraqi forces , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines was deployed to Okinawa , Japan as part of the Unit Deployment Program . In October 1990 the unit deployed to the Republic of the Philippines where it became the Ground Combat Element of Marine Air @-@ Ground Task Force ( MAGTF ) 4 @-@ 90 . On November 1990 , the island of Cebu , a Philippine providence , was devastated by a typhoon . Members of the battalion provided assistance during the disaster relief efforts . The Battalion remained in the Philippines until April 1991 when it returned to Okinawa , Japan . Subsequently the Battalion returned to Camp Pendleton in August 1991 . 
 
 = = = = Operation " Restore Hope " = = = = 
 
 The 5th Marine Regiment designated 2 / 9 to participate in the Marine Expeditionary Unit deployment cycle during November 1991 . With the successful culmination of the Special Operations Capable Exercise ( SOCEX ) , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines became the designated Battalion Landing Team ( BLT ) for the 15th Marine Expeditionary Unit ( 15th MEU ) . 
 During this period , there were two main factions in the Republic of Somalia who provoked an all out war which became known as the Somalian Civil War . One of the factions was led by Ali Mahdi Mohamed , who became president ; and the other , by the warlord Mohammed Farah Aidid . 
 In 1991 , the United States initiated Operation Provide Relief ( UNOSOM I ) which was part of a United Nations ( UN ) endorsed effort called The Unified Task Force ( UNITAF ) , to provide humanitarian relief . In August 1992 , President George H. Bush sent , 25 @,@ 000 US troops ( mostly US Marines from I MEF ) to the Republic of Somalia and the mission was renamed Operation Restore Hope , also known as UNOSOM II . Its main objectives were to provide humanitarian relief , initiate ' nation building ' , disarm the various factions , restore law and order , help the people set up a representative government , and restore the infrastructure . 
 That same month , 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines was deployed to Somalia . BLT 2 / 9 's mission as the lead unit , was to secure the port and airfield in Mogadishu which allowed the rapid build @-@ up of forces in @-@ country . The mission was accomplished between December 9 , 1992 and February 1993 . The Somalis referred to Marines of 2nd Battalion , 9th Marines as The Black Boots . On January 30 , 1993 , a Marine patrol was ambushed in Mogadishu by gunmen faithful to warlord Mohammed Farah Aidid bringing about casualties . 2 / 9 remained in Somalia until April 1993 when they returned to Camp Pendleton . The battalions next two deployments were to Fort Sherman , Panama during one of which they participated in the Javelin anti @-@ tank missile evaluation program . On September 2 , 1994 , 2nd Battalion 9th Marines was deactivated and redesignated 2nd Battalion 4th Marines . 
 
 = = = 2000 @-@ present = = = 
 
 On December 7 , 2006 , Headquarters Marine Corps released a message stating that 2nd Battalion 9th Marines would be reactivated during 2007 as part of the continuing Global War on Terror . 2nd Battalion 9th Marines was re @-@ activated on July 13 , 2007 and replaced the Anti @-@ Terrorism Battalion ( ATBn ) . In September 2008 , Marines and Sailors from 2 / 9 deployed to Al Anbar Province in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom . They were based in the city of Ramadi and returned in April 2009 without any Marines or Sailors killed in action . July 2010 Marines and Sailors from 2 / 9 deployed to Marjah , Helmand Province , Afghanistan in support of Operation Enduring Freedom . In December 2010 Echo Company from 2 / 9 were attached to 3 / 5 in Sangin , Afghanistan where they earned the notorious nickname of " Green Hats . " They returned February 2011 . They redeployed back to Marjah December 2011 and returned July 2012 . Echo and Weapons companies deployed once more to Afghanistan from January through April 2013 , participating in combat operations out of Camp Leatherneck . On April 1 , 2015 the battalion was deactivated in a ceremony at Camp Lejeune . 
 
 = = Medal of Honor recipients = = 
 
 The Medal of Honor is the highest military decoration awarded by the United States . It is bestowed on a member of the United States armed forces who distinguishes himself or herself " ... conspicuously by gallantry and intrepidity at the risk of his life above and beyond the call of duty while engaged in an action against an enemy of the United States ... " . The following table contains the names of the men who were recipients of the Medal of Honor while serving in 2 / 9 . They are listed in accordance to the " Date of Action " in which the MoH citation was made . † indicates that the Medal of Honor was awarded posthumously 
 
 = = Commandants of the Marine Corps = = 
 
 The Commandant of the United States Marine Corps is the highest @-@ ranking officer of the United States Marine Corps and a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , reporting to the Secretary of the Navy but not to the Chief of Naval Operations . Three Marines who served in 2nd Battalion 9th Marines became Commandant of the Marine Corps . They are listed in the table in accordance to the years in which they served as Commandants and their ranks are those which they held while serving in 2 / 9 , they were : 
 
 = = Distinguished Marines = = 
 
 Other Marines who served in the 2nd Battalion 9th Marines during their careers , who subsequently distinguished themselves by either becoming a general officer ( O @-@ 7 and above ) or recipients of the Medal of Honor while assigned to a different unit were : 
 
 = = Other notable former members = = 
 
 Bing West , served in the mortar platoon during the Vietnam War in 1965 . 
 
 = = Unit awards = = 
 
 A unit citation or commendation is an award bestowed upon an organization for the action cited . Members of the unit who participated in said actions are allowed to wear on their uniforms the awarded unit citation . 2 / 9 has been presented with the following awards : 
 
 
 = Directed acyclic graph = 
 
 In mathematics and computer science , a directed acyclic graph ( DAG / ˈdæɡ / ) , is a finite directed graph with no directed cycles . That is , it consists of finitely many vertices and edges , with each edge directed from one vertex to another , such that there is no way to start at any vertex v and follow a consistently @-@ directed sequence of edges that eventually loops back to v again . Equivalently , a DAG is a directed graph that has a topological ordering , a sequence of the vertices such that every edge is directed from earlier to later in the sequence . 
 DAGs may be used to model many different kinds of information . The reachability relation in a DAG forms a partial order , and any finite partial order may be represented by a DAG using reachability . The program evaluation and review technique uses DAGs to model the milestones and activities of large human projects , and schedule these projects to use as little total time as possible . Scheduling of computer operations such as the updates to a spreadsheet or the compilation operations in a makefile can also be performed using topological orderings of DAGs . Combinational logic blocks in electronic circuit design , and the operations in dataflow programming languages , involve acyclic networks of processing elements . DAGs can also represent collections of events and their influence on each other , either in a probabilistic structure such as a Bayesian network or as a record of historical data such as family trees or the version histories of distributed revision control systems . DAGs can also be used as a compact representation of sequence data , such as the directed acyclic word graph representation of a collection of strings , or the binary decision diagram representation of sequences of binary choices . 
 Important polynomial time computational problems on DAGs include topological sorting ( finding a topological ordering ) , construction of the transitive closure and transitive reduction ( the largest and smallest DAGs with the same reachability relation , respectively ) , and the closure problem , in which the goal is to find a minimum @-@ weight subset of vertices with no edges connecting them to the rest of the graph . Transforming a directed graph with cycles into a DAG by deleting as few vertices or edges as possible ( the feedback vertex set and feedback edge set problem , respectively ) is NP @-@ hard , but any directed graph can be made into a DAG ( its condensation ) by contracting each strongly connected component into a single supervertex . The problems of finding shortest paths and longest paths can be solved on DAGs in linear time , in contrast to arbitrary graphs for which shortest path algorithms are slower and longest path problems are NP @-@ hard . 
 The corresponding concept for undirected graphs is a forest , an undirected graph without cycles . Choosing an orientation for a forest produces a special kind of directed acyclic graph called a polytree . However there are many other kinds of directed acyclic graph that are not formed by orienting the edges of an undirected acyclic graph . Moreover , every undirected graph has an acyclic orientation , an assignment of a direction for its edges that makes it into a directed acyclic graph . To emphasize that DAGs are not the same thing as directed versions of undirected acyclic graphs , some authors call them acyclic directed graphs or acyclic digraphs . 
 
 = = Definitions = = 
 
 A graph is formed by a collection of vertices and edges , where the vertices are structureless objects that are connected in pairs by edges . In the case of a directed graph , each edge has an orientation , from one vertex to another vertex . A path in a directed graph can be described by a sequence of edges having the property that the ending vertex of each edge in the sequence is the same as the starting vertex of the next edge in the sequence ; a path forms a cycle if the starting vertex of its first edge equals the ending vertex of its last edge . A directed acyclic graph is a directed graph that has no cycles . 
 A vertex v of a directed graph is said to be reachable from another vertex u when there exists a path that starts at u and ends at v. As a special case , every vertex is considered to be reachable from itself ( by a path with zero edges ) . If a vertex can reach itself via a nontrivial path ( a path with one or more edges ) , then that path is a cycle , so another way to define directed acyclic graphs is that they are the graphs in which no vertex can reach itself via a nontrivial path . 
 A topological ordering of a directed graph is an ordering of its vertices into a sequence , such that for every edge the start vertex of the edge occurs earlier in the sequence than the ending vertex of the edge . A graph that has a topological ordering cannot have any cycles , because the edge into the earliest vertex of a cycle would have to be oriented the wrong way . Therefore , every graph with a topological ordering is acyclic . Conversely , every directed acyclic graph has a topological ordering . Therefore , this property can be used as an alternative definition of the directed acyclic graphs : they are exactly the graphs that have topological orderings . 
 
 = = Mathematical properties = = 
 
 
 = = = Reachability , transitive closure , and transitive reduction = = = 
 
 The reachability relationship in any directed acyclic graph can be formalized as a partial order ≤ on the vertices of the DAG . In this partial order , two vertices u and v are ordered as u ≤ v exactly when there exists a directed path from u to v in the DAG ; that is , when v is reachable from u . However , different DAGs may give rise to the same reachability relation and the same partial order . For example , the DAG with two edges a → b and b → c has the same reachability relation as the graph with three edges a → b , b → c , and a → c . Both of these DAGS produce the same partial order , in which the vertices are ordered as a ≤ b ≤ c . 
 If G is a DAG , its transitive closure is the graph with the most edges that represents the same reachability relation . It has an edge u → v whenever u can reach v. That is , it has an edge for every related pair u ≤ v of distinct elements in the reachability relation of G , and may therefore be thought of as a direct translation of the reachability relation ≤ into graph @-@ theoretic terms . The same method of translating partial orders into DAGs works more generally : for every finite partially ordered set ( S , ≤ ) , the graph that has a vertex for each member of S and an edge for each pair of elements related by u ≤ v is automatically a transitively closed DAG , and has ( S , ≤ ) as its reachability relation . In this way , every finite partially ordered set can be represented as the reachability relation of a DAG . 
 The transitive reduction of a DAG G is the graph with the fewest edges that represents the same reachability relation as G. It is a subgraph of G , formed by discarding the edges u → v for which G also contains a longer path connecting the same two vertices . Like the transitive closure , the transitive reduction is uniquely defined for DAGs . In contrast , for a directed graph that is not acyclic , there can be more than one minimal subgraph with the same reachability relation . 
 If a DAG G has a reachability relation described by the partial order ≤ , then the transitive reduction of G is a subgraph of G that has an edge u → v for every pair in the covering relation of ≤ . Transitive reductions are useful in visualizing the partial orders they represent , because they have fewer edges than other graphs representing the same orders and therefore lead to simpler graph drawings . A Hasse diagram of a partial order is a drawing of the transitive reduction in which the orientation of each edge is shown by placing the starting vertex of the edge in a lower position than its ending vertex . 
 
 = = = Topological ordering = = = 
 
 Every directed acyclic graph has a topological ordering , an ordering of the vertices such that the starting endpoint of every edge occurs earlier in the ordering than the ending endpoint of the edge . The existence of such an ordering can be used to characterize DAGs : a directed graph is a DAG if and only if it has a topological ordering . In general , this ordering is not unique ; a DAG has a unique topological ordering if and only if it has a directed path containing all the vertices , in which case the ordering is the same as the order in which the vertices appear in the path . 
 The family of topological orderings of a DAG is the same as the family of linear extensions of the reachability relation for the DAG , so any two graphs representing the same partial order have the same set of topological orders . 
 
 = = = Combinatorial enumeration = = = 
 
 The graph enumeration problem of counting directed acyclic graphs was studied by Robinson ( 1973 ) . The number of DAGs on n labeled vertices , for n = 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , … ( without restrictions on the order in which these numbers appear in a topological ordering of the DAG ) is 
 1 , 1 , 3 , 25 , 543 , 29281 , 3781503 , … ( sequence A003024 in the OEIS ) . 
 These numbers may be computed by the recurrence relation 
 <formula> 
 Eric W. Weisstein conjectured , and McKay et al . ( 2004 ) proved , that the same numbers count the ( 0 @,@ 1 ) matrices for which all eigenvalues are positive real numbers . The proof is bijective : a matrix A is an adjacency matrix of a DAG if and only if A + I is a ( 0 @,@ 1 ) matrix with all eigenvalues positive , where I denotes the identity matrix . Because a DAG cannot have self @-@ loops , its adjacency matrix must have a zero diagonal , so adding I preserves the property that all matrix coefficients are 0 or 1 . 
 
 = = = Related families of graphs = = = 
 
 A polytree is a directed graph formed by orienting the edges of a free tree . Every polytree is a DAG . In particular , this is true of the arborescences formed by directing all edges outwards from the roots of a tree . 
 A multitree ( also called a strongly unambiguous graph or a mangrove ) is a directed graph in which there is at most one directed path ( in either direction ) between any two vertices ; equivalently , it is a DAG in which , for every vertex v , the subgraph reachable from v forms a tree . 
 
 = = Computational problems = = 
 
 
 = = = Topological sorting and recognition = = = 
 
 Topological sorting is the algorithmic problem of finding a topological ordering of a given DAG . It can be solved in linear time . Kahn 's algorithm for topological sorting builds the vertex ordering directly . It maintains a list of vertices that have no incoming edges from other vertices that have not already been included in the partially constructed topological ordering ; initially this list consists of the vertices with no incoming edges at all . Then , it repeatedly adds one vertex from this list to the end of the partially constructed topological ordering , and checks whether its neighbors should be added to the list . The algorithm terminates when all vertices have been processed in this way . Alternatively , a topological ordering may be constructed by reversing a postorder numbering of a depth @-@ first search graph traversal . 
 It is also possible to check whether a given directed graph is a DAG in linear time , either by attempting to find a topological ordering and then testing for each edge whether the resulting ordering is valid or alternatively , for some topological sorting algorithms , by verifying that the algorithm successfully orders all the vertices without meeting an error condition . 
 
 = = = Construction from cyclic graphs = = = 
 
 Any undirected graph may be made into a DAG by choosing a total order for its vertices and directing every edge from the earlier endpoint in the order to the later endpoint . The resulting orientation of the edges is called an acyclic orientation . Different total orders may lead to the same acyclic orientation , so an n @-@ vertex graph can have fewer than n ! acyclic orientations . The number of acyclic orientations is equal to | χ ( − 1 ) | , where χ is the chromatic polynomial of the given graph . 
 Any directed graph may be made into a DAG by removing a feedback vertex set or a feedback arc set , a set of vertices or edges ( respectively ) that touches all cycles . However , the smallest such set is NP @-@ hard to find . An arbitrary directed graph may also be transformed into a DAG , called its condensation , by contracting each of its strongly connected components into a single supervertex . When the graph is already acyclic , its smallest feedback vertex sets and feedback arc sets are empty , and its condensation is the graph itself . 
 
 = = = Transitive closure and transitive reduction = = = 
 
 The transitive closure of a given DAG , with n vertices and m edges , may be constructed in time O ( mn ) by using either breadth @-@ first search or depth @-@ first search to test reachability from each vertex . Alternatively , it can be solved in time O ( nω ) where ω < 2 @.@ 373 is the exponent for fast matrix multiplication algorithms ; this is a theoretical improvement over the O ( mn ) bound for dense graphs . 
 In all of these transitive closure algorithms , it is possible to distinguish pairs of vertices that are reachable by at least one path of length two or more from pairs that can only be connected by a length @-@ one path . The transitive reduction consists of the edges that form length @-@ one paths that are the only paths connecting their endpoints . Therefore , the transitive reduction can be constructed in the same asymptotic time bounds as the transitive closure . 
 
 = = = Closure problem = = = 
 
 The closure problem takes as input a directed acyclic graph with weights on its vertices and seeks the minimum ( or maximum ) weight of a closure , a set of vertices with no outgoing edges . ( The problem may be formulated for directed graphs without the assumption of acyclicity , but with no greater generality , because in this case it is equivalent to the same problem on the condensation of the graph . ) It may be solved in polynomial time using a reduction to the maximum flow problem . 
 
 = = = Path algorithms = = = 
 
 Some algorithms become simpler when used on DAGs instead of general graphs , based on the principle of topological ordering . For example , it is possible to find shortest paths and longest paths from a given starting vertex in DAGs in linear time by processing the vertices in a topological order , and calculating the path length for each vertex to be the minimum or maximum length obtained via any of its incoming edges . In contrast , for arbitrary graphs the shortest path may require slower algorithms such as Dijkstra 's algorithm or the Bellman – Ford algorithm , and longest paths in arbitrary graphs are NP @-@ hard to find . 
 
 = = Applications = = 
 
 
 = = = Scheduling = = = 
 
 Directed acyclic graphs representations of partial orderings have many applications in scheduling for systems of tasks with ordering constraints . An important class of problems of this type concern collections of objects that need to be updated , such as the cells of a spreadsheet after one of the cells has been changed , or the object files of a piece of computer software after its source code has been changed . In this context , a dependency graph is a graph that has a vertex for each object to be updated , and an edge connecting two objects whenever one of them needs to be updated earlier than the other . A cycle in this graph is called a circular dependency , and is generally not allowed , because there would be no way to consistently schedule the tasks involved in the cycle . Dependency graphs without circular dependencies form DAGs . 
 For instance , when one cell of a spreadsheet changes , it is necessary to recalculate the values of other cells that depend directly or indirectly on the changed cell . For this problem , the tasks to be scheduled are the recalculations of the values of individual cells of the spreadsheet . Dependencies arise when an expression in one cell uses a value from another cell . In such a case , the value that is used must be recalculated earlier than the expression that uses it . Topologically ordering the dependency graph , and using this topological order to schedule the cell updates , allows the whole spreadsheet to be updated with only a single evaluation per cell . Similar problems of task ordering arise in makefiles for program compilation and instruction scheduling for low @-@ level computer program optimization . 
 A somewhat different DAG @-@ based formulation of scheduling constraints is used by the program evaluation and review technique ( PERT ) , a method for management of large human projects that was one of the first applications of DAGs . In this method , the vertices of a DAG represent milestones of a project rather than specific tasks to be performed . Instead , a task or activity is represented by an edge of a DAG , connecting two milestones that mark the beginning and completion of the task . Each such edge is labeled with an estimate for the amount of time that it will take a team of workers to perform the task . The longest path in this DAG represents the critical path of the project , the one that controls the total time for the project . Individual milestones can be scheduled according to the lengths of the longest paths ending at their vertices . 
 
 = = = Data processing networks = = = 
 
 A directed acyclic graph may be used to represent a network of processing elements . In this representation , data enters a processing element through its incoming edges and leaves the element through its outgoing edges . 
 For instance , in electronic circuit design , static combinational logic blocks can be represented as an acyclic system of logic gates that computes a function of an input , where the input and output of the function are represented as individual bits . In general , the output of these blocks cannot be used as the input unless it is captured by a register or state element which maintains its acyclic properties . Electronic circuit schematics either on paper or in a database are a form of directed acyclic graphs using instances or components to form a directed reference to a lower level component . Electronic circuits themselves are not necessarily acyclic or directed . 
 Dataflow programming languages describe systems of operations on data streams , and the connections between the outputs of some operations and the inputs of others . These languages can be convenient for describing repetitive data processing tasks , in which the same acyclically @-@ connected collection of operations is applied to many data items . They can be executed as a parallel algorithm in which each operation is performed by a parallel process as soon as another set of inputs becomes available to it . 
 In compilers , straight line code ( that is , sequences of statements without loops or conditional branches ) may be represented by a DAG describing the inputs and outputs of each of the arithmetic operations performed within the code . This representation allows the compiler to perform common subexpression elimination efficiently . 
 
 = = = Causal structures = = = 
 
 Graphs that have vertices representing events , and edges representing causal relations between events , are often acyclic – arranging the vertices in linear order of time , all arrows point in the same direction as time , from parent to child ( due to causality affecting the future , not the past ) , and thus have no loops . 
 For instance , a Bayesian network represents a system of probabilistic events as vertices in a directed acyclic graph , in which the likelihood of an event may be calculated from the likelihoods of its predecessors in the DAG . In this context , the moral graph of a DAG is the undirected graph created by adding an ( undirected ) edge between all parents of the same vertex ( sometimes called marrying ) , and then replacing all directed edges by undirected edges . 
 Another type of graph with a similar causal structure is an influence diagram , the vertices of which represent either decisions to be made or unknown information , and the edges of which represent causal influences from one vertex to another . In epidemiology , for instance , these diagrams are often used to estimate the expected value of different choices for intervention . 
 
 = = = Genealogy and version history = = = 
 
 Family trees may be seen as directed acyclic graphs , with a vertex for each family member and an edge for each parent @-@ child relationship . Despite the name , these graphs are not necessarily trees because of the possibility of marriages between relatives ( so a child has a common ancestor on both the mother 's and father 's side ) causing pedigree collapse . The graphs of matrilineal descent ( " mother " relationships between women ) and patrilineal descent ( " father " relationships between men ) are trees within this graph . Because no one can become their own ancestor , family trees are acyclic . 
 For the same reason , the version history of a distributed revision control system generally has the structure of a directed acyclic graph , in which there is a vertex for each revision and an edge connecting pairs of revisions that were directly derived from each other . These are not trees in general due to merges . 
 In many randomized algorithms in computational geometry , the algorithm maintains a history DAG representing the version history of a geometric structure over the course of a sequence of changes to the structure . For instance in a randomized incremental algorithm for Delaunay triangulation , the triangulation changes by replacing one triangle by three smaller triangles when each point is added , and by " flip " operations that replace pairs of triangles by a different pair of triangles . The history DAG for this algorithm has a vertex for each triangle constructed as part of the algorithm , and edges from each triangle to the two or three other triangles that replace it . This structure allows point location queries to be answered efficiently : to find the location of a query point q in the Delaunay triangulation , follow a path in the history DAG , at each step moving to the replacement triangle that contains q . The final triangle reached in this path must be the Delaunay triangle that contains q . 
 
 = = = Data compression = = = 
 
 Directed acyclic graphs may also be used as a compact representation of a collection of sequences . In this type of application , one finds a DAG in which the paths form the given sequences . When many of the sequences share the same subsequences , these shared subsequences can be represented by a shared part of the DAG , allowing the representation to use less space than it would take to list out all of the sequences separately . For example , the directed acyclic word graph is a data structure in computer science formed by a directed acyclic graph with a single source and with edges labeled by letters or symbols ; the paths from the source to the sinks in this graph represent a set of strings , such as English words . Any set of sequences can be represented as paths in a tree , by forming a tree vertex for every prefix of a sequence and making the parent of one of these vertices represent the sequence with one fewer element ; the tree formed in this way for a set of strings is called a trie . A directed acyclic word graph saves space over a trie by allowing paths to diverge and rejoin , so that a set of words with the same possible suffixes can be represented by a single tree vertex . 
 The same idea of using a DAG to represent a family of paths occurs in the binary decision diagram , a DAG @-@ based data structure for representing binary functions . In a binary decision diagram , each non @-@ sink vertex is labeled by the name of a binary variable , and each sink and each edge is labeled by a 0 or 1 . The function value for any truth assignment to the variables is the value at the sink found by following a path , starting from the single source vertex , that at each non @-@ sink vertex follows the outgoing edge labeled with the value of that vertex 's variable . Just as directed acyclic word graphs can be viewed as a compressed form of tries , binary decision diagrams can be viewed as compressed forms of decision trees that save space by allowing paths to rejoin when they agree on the results of all remaining decisions . 
 
 
 = August ( Fringe ) = 
 
 " August " is the eighth episode of the American science fiction drama television series Fringe 's second season . The episode was co @-@ written by J. H. Wyman and Jeff Pinkner , and directed by Dennis Smith . The episode marked the first prominent appearance of more than one Observer , and follows the events that occur when one of them saves a girl from boarding a soon @-@ to @-@ be crashing plane . It featured two new guest stars , Peter Woodward and Eugene Lipinski . 
 The episode first aired on November 19 , 2009 in the United States to mostly positive reviews , with many critics praising the new revelations about the Observers . An estimated 5 @.@ 746 million viewers watched the episode on its first broadcast . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 An Observer , " August " ( Peter Woodward ) abducts Christine Hollis ( Jennifer Missoni ) , a 27 @-@ year @-@ old art student in Boston . Olivia Dunham ( Anna Torv ) and Peter Bishop ( Joshua Jackson ) learn of the events and realize the assailant matches the description of the Observer . However , after viewing video footage they find that it is not " September " ( Michael Cerveris ) , the Observer known for observing Pattern @-@ related cases and who previously saved Peter and his father Walter ( John Noble ) in 1985 , indicating there is more than one Observer . Olivia is confused as to August 's motives , as Observers are known to only observe events and not interfere with them . After questioning Christine 's roommate , Olivia learns she was to take a flight to Rome , Italy . Peter finds a picture of Christine from her childhood before her parents were killed in the 1989 San Francisco earthquake , and sees August in the background , indicating he has been observing her entire life . The plane to Rome would later crash , killing everyone on board . Because of this , the team realize August in fact saved her life . 
 At Massive Dynamic , Brandon ( Ryan McDonald ) theorizes to the team that Observers are time travelers , as they have been documented during several major events in history . They write in an incomprehensible language , and the number of Observer sightings has increased over the past few months , leaving the team wondering why . Meanwhile , August visits the other Observers , who are not happy that he saved a girl who was supposed to die in the plane crash . To correct his mistake , they send Donald Long ( Paul Rae ) , an assassin affiliated with the Observers to correct August 's actions . In an attempt to save Christine , August sends a secret message to Walter . During the meeting , August reveals Christine will die because she is not important ; Walter tells August that he has to make her important . 
 The team are later made aware of Christine 's location at a motel outside the city . However , Donald is on the trail also . August attempts to stop him , but Donald shoots him several times , before Peter and Olivia arrive to kill the assassin . September picks up August and while driving , September asks August why he saved Christine . August reveals that he is experiencing ' feelings ' and that he loves Christine , and asks if she would be safe . September informs him Christine will stay alive because she is now important ; she was responsible for the death of an Observer . August cries before succumbing to his wounds . In the end , Olivia takes a day off to spend time with her niece , Ella , at an amusement park . Two Observers watch the two , and they remark that everything is about to get " so hard " for Olivia . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " August " was co @-@ written by co @-@ showrunners J. H. Wyman and Jeff Pinkner , while being directed by NCIS veteran Dennis Smith . They began shooting the episode during the second half of September 2009 , right after wrapping production on " Of Human Action " . Supervising producer Josh Singer later noted how " August " helped them write the rest of the season , " There was one episode , ' August ' , which was all about the Observers , that I feel was mythology without being mythology . And somehow , in working that episode , we sort of found a new creative vein . And it 's not that that episode was necessarily so related to everything else we did . But I feel like it sort of opened us up in terms of how we were feeling about the year " . 
 Up to the point the episode " August " aired , only one character that was part of a group known as " Observers " had been introduced . In this episode , two more such individuals were revealed : August ( played by Peter Woodward ) and December ( played by Eugene Lipinski ) . The creation of Observers was one of the first ideas the writers of Fringe thought of when developing the show in its early stages , when they asked each other , " What if there were these characters where all they did was watch ? " . Pinkner and Wyman thought of creating Observers by " looking for something ... iconic " that had the " quality of being invisible " . Though the Observer called September has appeared in every single Fringe episode in a brief cameo , he was first featured prominently in the fourth episode of the first season . The producers thought of unique characteristics for " somebody who wasn 't of our world , " evolving to the Observers having bald heads , no eyebrows , and " largely deadened " senses , which led to a love for extremely hot peppers . 
 Before the second season premiere aired in September 2009 , co @-@ creator J.R. Orci hinted that the audience was going to meet " many Observers " , and that in the season 's eighth episode , " You 're going to find out their role in the world , what they 're named after , and their connection to some of these characters . " Later on , when still leading up to the airing of " August " in another interview , Roberto Orci elaborated that " Individuality will be one of the things that they will be fanatically struggling with , actually . That was a fun one , because that one was one where you 're finally getting to pay off things you 've been setting up for a year . You finally get to open the toy box and really play with those toys " . Actor Michael Cerveris , who plays September , commented in an interview that as a result of the episode , viewers would learn that the Observers " are not completely devoid of feelings , and are not incapable of being attached to people they 're observing " . He also expressed relief that his character was no longer the sole Observer on the show , joking that " it was nice to feel like I 'm not the only freak in town for once " . 
 Actress Anna Torv stated in an interview with MTV News that " August " was one of her favorite episodes because " We sort of get to meet the Observers . At the moment what we know about them , they ... seemingly just observe . That 's kind of it , but [ in ] the episode that we have coming up , we 're not sure if all they do is just observe " . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Ratings = = = 
 
 " August " premiered to an estimated 5 @.@ 746 million viewers in the United States , with a 2 @.@ 0 rating . The episode was down 9 % from the previous week 's episode " Of Human Action " , which had a rating of 2 @.@ 2 . 
 
 = = = Reviews = = = 
 
 MTV 's Josh Wigler thought the episode was " a touching , sad tale with a healthy mix of mythological advancement , " and couldn 't wait for more episodes about the Observers . Ramsey Isler of IGN gave the episode 7 @.@ 6 / 10 , writing that despite the hype , the episode was " just plain average " . He did however appreciate the new revelations about the Observers . After previewing the episode , Entertainment Weekly 's Ken Tucker graded the episode an A- , explaining Fringe had become " one of the fastest , smartest , wittiest shows on television now " . Andrew Hanson from the Los Angeles Times called it a " good story peppered with a lot of great details ... ' August ' showed a greater connection to the larger Fringe universe " . Noel Murray of The A.V. Club graded it with a B + , praising the " wonderfully moody " episode and how it was able to make the halting Observer dialogue work . Murray found some aspects lacking however , as he thought it was " a very sketchy episode , plot @-@ wise and mythology @-@ wise . Not a whole lot happened " . Website blogger io9 listed " August " as one of the " crucial " episodes new viewers must watch to get into the show . 
 
 
 = Ghost in the Shell ( 1995 film ) = 
 
 Ghost in the Shell , known in Japan as Mobile Armored Riot Police : Ghost In The Shell ( 攻殻機動隊 GHOST IN THE SHELL , Kōkaku Kidōtai Gōsuto In Za Sheru ) , is a 1995 science fiction anime film based on manga of the same title by Masamune Shirow . The film was written by Kazunori Itō , directed by Mamoru Oshii , animated by Production I.G , and starred the voices of Atsuko Tanaka , Akio Ōtsuka , and Iemasa Kayumi . 
 Ghost in the Shell follows the hunt by the public @-@ security agency Section 9 for a mysterious hacker known as the Puppet Master . With the assistance of her team , Motoko Kusanagi tracks and finds their suspect , only to be drawn into a complex sequence of political intrigue and a cover @-@ up as to the identity and goals of the Puppet Master . 
 The overarching philosophical themes of the film include self @-@ identity in a technologically advanced world . The music , composed by Kenji Kawai , included an ancient Japanese language in a wedding song that serves as a key piece of music leading up to the climax of the movie . Widely considered one of the greatest anime films of all time , critics particularly praised its visuals , which at the time were the most effective synthesis of traditional cel animation and CG animation . It has served as inspiration for filmmakers such as the Wachowskis . 
 In 2004 , Oshii directed Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence , billed as a separate work and not a true sequel . In 2008 , Oshii released an updated version of the original film , Ghost in the Shell 2 @.@ 0 , that features new audio and updated 3D animation . A live @-@ action Hollywood Ghost in the Shell remake is scheduled for 2017 . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 In 2029 , the world is interconnected by a vast electronic network that permeates every aspect of life . Much of humanity has access to this network through cybernetic bodies , or " shells " , which possess their consciousness and can give them superhuman abilities . 
 Major Motoko Kusanagi , an assault @-@ team leader for the Public Security Section 9 , is assigned to capture an elusive hacker known as the Puppet Master . Her team , Batou and Ishikawa , use triangulation to seek out the Puppet Master . Their suspect is a garbageman who believes he is using a program obtained from a sympathetic man to illegally " ghost @-@ hack " his wife 's mind to find his daughter . Kusanagi and her team arrest him and the man who gave him the program , but discover that their memories were either erased or implanted : " ghost @-@ hacked " by the Puppet Master . 
 A facility is hacked and programmed to assemble a female cybernetic body . The body escapes but is hit by a truck ; Section 9 investigates and examines the body , which seems to have a human " ghost " inside — perhaps the Puppet Master himself . Officials from rival agency Section 6 visit Section 9 and explain that the body was made to lure the Puppet Master 's ghost and trap it inside . Kusanagi espies the conversation and decides to disconnect her consciousness from her current body and connect or " dive into " the body and face the Puppet Master 's ghost . Before she succeeds , the ghost activates the body . Section 6 storms Section 9 and reclaims the body . 
 The information from the body leads Section 9 to uncover the mysterious Project 2501 . Section 6 claims the project was created to catch the hacker , but it was initiated before his appearance . Section 9 speculates that the project itself created the Puppet Master , who then escaped , and Section 6 now wants him back . Daisuke Aramaki , head of Section 9 , suspects that the project and the Puppet Master are tools of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs . The escape might lead to the release of secrets that could embarrass Section 6 and the Ministry . 
 The getaway car carrying the Puppet Master meets another , and they split off . Batou stops the first car and realizes it is a decoy . Kusanagi follows the second car to an abandoned building , where she is ambushed by a spider @-@ like armored vehicle . Batou arrives in time to save the badly damaged Kusanagi . With Batou on guard , Kusanagi faces the body stolen by Section 6 . The Puppet Master reveals himself and explains that , under Project 2501 , he was created by Section 6 to hack ghosts for individuals and Section 6 . While wandering various networks , the Puppet Master became sentient and began to contemplate his existence ; it troubled him that he could not reproduce or die . He plans to merge with Kusanagi 's ghost to experience mortality ; Kusanagi would live on with his ghost . As he could not crack Section 6 's attack protection , he was forced to escape in a physical body . 
 Batou tries to disconnect the dive , but the Puppet Master ghost @-@ hacks him . Helicopters from Section 6 arrive with orders to destroy everyone inside to cover up Project 2501 . The Puppet Master disrupts their targeting systems . As he starts merging with Kusanagi , snipers blow their heads off , along with Batou 's arm . 
 Kusanagi wakes up in a child @-@ sized cyborg body in Batou 's safehouse . Batou explains that her original body was destroyed in the fight ; he recovered her head and attached it to the new body . Kusanagi acknowledges she is now neither herself nor the Puppet Master , but a combination of both . Batou says he will always be there for her . She leaves the house and gazes out over the city . 
 
 = = Voice cast = = 
 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Development = = = 
 
 Director Mamoru Oshii stated , " My intuition told me that this story about a futuristic world carried an immediate message for our present world . I am also interested in computers through my own personal experience with them . I had the same feeling about Patlabor and I thought it would be interesting to make a film that took place in the near future . There are only a few movies , even out of Hollywood , which clearly portray the influence and power of computers . I thought this theme would be more effectively conveyed through animation . " Oshii expanded on these thoughts in a later interview , noting that technology changes people and had become a part of the culture of Japan . He commented that his use of philosophy caused producers to become frustrated because of sparing use of action scenes . Oshii also acknowledged that a movie with more action would sell better , but he continued to make these movies anyway . When Oshii went back to make changes to the original Ghost in the Shell to re @-@ release it as Ghost in the Shell 2 @.@ 0 , one of the reasons he gave was that the film did not resemble the sequel . He wanted to update the film to reflect changes in perspective . 
 
 = = = Design = = = 
 
 Hiroyuki Okiura , the character designer and key animation supervisor , designed a more mature and serious Motoko than Masamune Shirow 's original portrayal of the character in the manga . Okiura chose to depict a physically mature person to match Motoko 's mental age , instead of the youthful twenty @-@ something appearance in the manga . Motoko 's demeanor lacks the comedic facial expressions and rebellious nature depicted in the manga . 
 Oshii based the setting for Ghost in the Shell on Hong Kong . Oshii commented that his first thought to find an image of the future setting was an Asian city , but finding a suitable cityscape of the future would be impossible . Oshii chose to use the real streets of Hong Kong as his model . He also said that Hong Kong was the perfect subject and theme for the film with its countless signs and the cacophony of sounds . The film 's mecha designer Takeuchi Atsushi noted that while the film does not have a chosen setting , it is obviously based on Hong Kong because the city represented the theme of the film , the old and the new which exist in a strange relationship in an age of an information deluge . Before shooting the film , the artists drew sketches that emphasized Hong Kong 's chaotic , confusing and overwhelming aspects . 
 The Hong Kong setting is alluded to by the scene wherein the characters are drinking San Miguel Beer a cultural staple of the East Asian megalopolis . 
 
 = = = Animation = = = 
 
 Ghost in the Shell used a novel process called " digitally generated animation " ( DGA ) , which is a combination of cel animation , computer graphics ( CG ) , and audio that is entered as digital data . In 1995 , DGA was thought to be the future of animation , which mixed traditional animation with the emerging use of computer graphics , including digital cel work with visual displays . Editing was performed on an AVID system of Avid Technology , which was chosen because it was more versatile and less limiting than other methods and worked with the different types of media in a single environment . 
 The digital cel work included both original illustrations , compositions and manipulation with traditional cel animation to create a sense of depth and evoke emotion and feelings . Utilized as background , filters like a lens effect were used to create a sense of depth and motion , by distorting the front background and making the far background out of focus throughout the shot . Ghost in the Shell used a unique lighting system in which light and darkness were integrated into the cels with attention to light and shadow sources instead of using contrast to control the light . Hiromasa Ogura , the art director , described this as " a very unusual lighting technique . " 
 Some special effects , like Motoko 's " thermo @-@ optical camouflage " , were rendered through the use of TIMA software . The process uses a single illustration and manipulates the image as necessary to produce distortions for effect in combination with a background without altering the original illustration . The effect is re @-@ added back into the shot to complete the scene . While the visual displays used in the film were technically simple to create , the appearance of the displays underwent numerous revisions by the production team to best represent visual displays of the future . Another aspect of the CG use was to create images and effects that looked as if they were " perceived by the brain " and were generated in video and added to the film in its final stages . 
 The opening credits of the film were produced by the CG director , Seichi Tanaka . Tanaka converted code in a computer language displayed in romanized Japanese letters to numbers before inserting them into the computer to generate the credits . The origin of this code is the names of the film 's staff as written in a computer language . 
 Animation director Toshihiko Nishikubo was responsible for the realism and strove for accurate depictions of movement and effects . The pursuit of realism included the staff conducting firearms research at a facility in Guam . Nishikubo has highlighted the tank scene as an example of the movie 's realism , noting that bullets create sparks when hitting metal , but do not spark when a bullet strikes stone . 
 
 = = = Sound and music = = = 
 
 Ghost in the Shell 's recording was done with a high @-@ end studio to achieve superior sound throughout the film . A spatializer was used to alter the sound , specifically in the electronic brain conversations , to modify the voices . 
 Composer Kenji Kawai scored the film . For the main theme , Kawai tried to imagine the setting and convey the essence of that world in the music . He used the ancient Japanese language of Yamato in the opening theme " Making of a Cyborg " . The composition is a mixture of Bulgarian harmony and traditional Japanese notes ; the haunting chorals are a wedding song sung to dispel all evil influences . Symphony conductor Sarah Penicka @-@ Smith notes that the song 's lyrics are fitting for the union between Kusanagi and Project 2501 at the climax of the movie . Kawai originally wanted to use Bulgarian folk music singers , but used Japanese folk singers instead . " See You Everyday " is different from the rest of the soundtrack , being a pop song sung in Cantonese by Fang Ka Wing . 
 
 = = = Ghost in the Shell 2 @.@ 0 = = = 
 
 An updated version of the original film , titled Ghost in the Shell 2 @.@ 0 ( GHOST IN THE SHELL ／ 攻殻機動隊 2 @.@ 0 , Gōsuto in za sheru / Kōkaku kidōtai 2 @.@ 0 ) , was made in celebration for the release of The Sky Crawlers in 2008 . The Ghost in the Shell 2 @.@ 0 release features replacements of the original animations with the latest digital film and animation technologies , such as 3D @-@ CGI . It includes a new opening , digital screens and holographic displays , and omits several brief scenes . 
 The original soundtrack was also re @-@ arranged and re @-@ recorded . Kenji Kawai remixed the Version 2 @.@ 0 soundtrack in 6 @.@ 1 Channel Surround . Randy Thom of Skywalker Sound reprised his role as sound designer , having worked previously on Ghost in the Shell 2 : Innocence . In the new soundtrack , the Japanese voice dialogue was also re @-@ recorded , with some variation from the original script to modernize the speech . Yoshiko Sakakibara replaced Iemasa Kayumi as the voice of the Puppet Master . 
 
 = = Related media = = 
 
 Kenji Kawai 's original soundtrack for the film was released on November 22 , 1995 . The last track included Yoshimasa Mizuno 's pop song " See You Everyday " . After the release of Ghost in the Shell 2 @.@ 0 , an updated version of the soundtrack was released on December 17 , 2008 . 
 A Photo @-@ CD of the film was released in Japan on November 20 , 1995 . A spin @-@ off novel written by Endo Akira , titled Ghost in the Shell : Burning City ( 攻殻機動隊灼熱の都市 , Kōkaku kidōtai shakunetsu no toshi ) , was published by Kodansha and released on November 1995 . It was followed by a sequel , titled Ghost in the Shell 2 : Star Seed ( 攻殻機動隊2 : Star Seed ) , released on January 1998 . A book titled Analysis of Ghost in the Shell was released on September 25 , 1997 by Kodansha . 
 
 = = Releases = = 
 
 The film had its world premiere at the Tokyo International Film Festival in October 1995 , before its general release in November . In Japan , the film was released on VHS on April 26 , 1996 . The DVD version was released on 25 February 2004 , and the Blu @-@ ray on 24 August 2007 . A special edition was released in December 2004 . The special edition contains an additional disc containing character dossiers , a creator biography , the director 's biography , Ghost in the Shell trailers and previews . 
 The " 2 @.@ 0 " version was released in theatres in Tokyo , Osaka , Nagoya , Fukuoka , and Sapporo on July 12 , 2008 . The film was released in DVD and Blu @-@ ray on December 19 , 2008 , in Japan . 
 In North America , the film was released on VHS on June 18 , 1996 through Manga Entertainment , and on DVD on March 31 , 1998 by Anchor Bay Entertainment . Manga Entertainment released the film on Blu @-@ ray on 24 November 2009 ; this version contains the original film and the remastering , but omits the audio commentary and face @-@ to @-@ face interview with Oshii , which are listed on its box . Manga Entertainment and Anchor Bay Entertainment re @-@ released the film on Blu @-@ ray with a brand new HD film print on September 23 , 2014 . The release was met with some criticism for its poor translation of English subtitles and the lack of extra features . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 The film was a box office hit when released in Japan and received positive reviews from film critics . It holds a 95 % approval rating on the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes , based on 31 reviews . The website 's critical consensus reads , " A stunning feat of modern animation , Ghost in the Shell offers a thoughtful , complex treat for anime fans , as well as a perfect introduction for viewers new to the genre . " 
 Niels Matthijs of Twitch Film praised the film , stating , " Not only is Kokaku Kidotai an essential film in the canon of Japanese animation , together with Kubrick 's 2001 and Tarkovsky 's Solyaris it completes a trio of book adaptations that transcend the popularity of their originals and [ give ] a new meaning to an already popular brand . " He ranked it # 48 of his personal favorites . Clark Collis of Empire opined that the film was predictable , but praised its production values . Johnathan Mays of Anime News Network praised the animation combined with the computer effects , calling it " perhaps the best synthesis ever witnessed in anime " . Helen McCarthy in 500 Essential Anime Movies describes the film as " one of the best anime ever made " , praising screenplay , an " atmospheric score " , and adding that " action scenes as good as anything in the current Hollywood blockbuster are supported by CGI effects that can still astonish " . 
 Ghost in the Shell was the first anime video to reach Billboard 's # 1 video slot at the time of its release . The film ranked as the ninth top selling anime DVD movie in 2006 . It ranked 35 on Total Film 's 2010 top list of 50 Animated Films . The film ranked # 4 on Wizards Anime Magazine on their " Top 50 Anime released in North America " . 
 
 = = = Critical analysis = = = 
 
 Much critical attention has been paid to the film 's focus on sexuality and gender identity . Sharalyn Orbaugh has noted that the opening scene of Ghost in the Shell begins with the " perfect paradoxical introduction to a narrative that is all about the nature of sex / gender identity and self @-@ identity in general in a future world where sexual reproduction has given way to mechanical replication . " Motoko 's female identity and appearance are countered by an autonomous subjectivity , resulting in a " male " cyborg body which cannot menstruate . Orbaugh describes the juxtaposition of the opening scene depicting the creation of Motoko 's body and to her lack of menstruation as setting the theme of " reproductive sexuality in a posthuman subject . " The film depicts Motoko 's identity and ontological concerns , ending with the evolution of a being with full subjectivity , through a new form of reproduction with the Puppet Master . Austin Corbett commented on the lack of sexualization from her team as freedom from femininity , noting that Motoko is " overtly feminine , and clearly non @-@ female . " Carl Slivio has called Ghost in the Shell a " resistant film " , due to its inversion of traditional gender roles , its " valorization of the post @-@ gendered subject " , and its de @-@ emphasis of the sexual specificity of the material body . 
 
 = = Cultural impact = = 
 
 Ghost in the Shell influenced a number of prominent filmmakers . The Wachowskis , creators of The Matrix and its sequels , showed it to producer Joel Silver , saying , " We wanna do that for real . " The Matrix series took several concepts from the film , including the Matrix digital rain , which was inspired by the opening credits of Ghost in the Shell , and the way people accessed the Matrix through holes in the back of their necks . Other parallels have been drawn to James Cameron 's Avatar , Steven Spielberg 's AI : Artificial Intelligence , and Jonathan Mostow 's Surrogates . 
 
 
 = Yo @-@ Yo ( Nicola Roberts song ) = 
 
 " Yo @-@ Yo " is a song by British recording artist Nicola Roberts , released as the third and final single from Roberts ' debut solo album Cinderella 's Eyes on 6 January 2012 . Originally , " Yo @-@ Yo " was set to be Roberts ' debut single , but " Beat of My Drum " was selected in its place . " Beat of My Drum " and " Lucky Day " , Roberts ' previous singles , garnered positive comments from critics , but failed to impact commercially . " Yo @-@ Yo " was written by Roberts , Maya Von Doll and Dimitri Tikovoi while it was produced by latter , and was the first song to be composed by the group . Roberts also claimed the track had defined her musical style . 
 " Yo @-@ Yo " is a 1950s @-@ themed electropop and synthpop song in which Roberts sings about an undecided lover . The song received positive reviews from critics , who compared Roberts ' vocals to those of singer Kate Bush . Commercially , it was a failure , charting at number 111 on the UK Singles Chart . A music video was released on 30 November 2011 ; the video sees Roberts repeatedly changing outfit for a party in which she finds her love interest cheating on her , ending with an aggressive confrontation . It garnered positive critical responses although the low @-@ budget drew criticism . Roberts performed " Yo @-@ Yo " at London 's G @-@ A @-@ Y nightclub and on the Alan Titchmarsh Show , among other occasions . 
 
 = = Background and writing = = 
 
 Nicola Roberts , who began her musical career as one fifth of the band Girls Aloud , struggled with loneliness and increasing isolation during her time with the group . A busy schedule and constant media criticism found her describing the time as a " blur " . Her exhaustion and troubles with negative media comments led to a state in which she had to harden herself , claiming that inside she was " dying " . These events inspired her debut album Cinderella 's Eyes . " Yo @-@ Yo " was the first song she had written with Maya von Doll and Dimitri Tikovoi for the album . The recording was also one of the first songs Roberts wrote , and it helped define her musical style . Roberts blogged about the production of the track , writing that : 
 The production ’ s incredible . The beat is just so constant and powerful . That was the first song that I wrote with Dimitri and Maya . I felt like I ’ d found my sound . And I was kind of looking at it like an outfit . So it was , ‘ if this was an outfit , what would this song need now ? ’ So we had the pretty dress , which was the chorus . We had the lovely shoes , which was the verse . ‘ But what do we need to really set this song off ? A big , fancy , bow in the hair would really set this song off . ’ So when I got to the middle eight I wanted to go really erratic , almost like taTu on All The Things She Said . I wanted it to be proper fucked up and crazy – hands in the air . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 Roberts ' debut single , " Beat of My Drum " , garnered acclaim from critics , but failed to impact commercially , charting at 27 in the United Kingdom . She released a follow @-@ up single , " Lucky Day " , which likewise garnered positive responses , but was even less successful commercially , charting at number 40 on both the Scottish and UK Singles charts . Writing as a guest blogger on the website Holy Moly in September 2011 , Roberts announced that " Yo @-@ Yo " would be released as the third single from Cinderella 's Eyes , initially citing a November release date ; the release was later delayed until January 2012 . Roberts had originally intended for " Yo @-@ Yo " to be the first single from the album , but " Beat of My Drum " was instead chosen at the " last minute " . Roberts stated that " it felt right to go with " the latter song . " Yo @-@ Yo " was released digitally on 2 January 2012 , with Roberts announcing on her official website that the single would be released in CD format featuring a live performance of the song in addition to the demo version of her song " Sticks + Stones " seven days later . Additionally , two EPs were released on 6 January 2012 . 
 
 = = Composition and critical reception = = 
 
 " Yo @-@ Yo " features 808 drums with a " dramatic " 1950s @-@ inspired pop " pastiche " . However , the 1950s concept " goes completely out of the window " for an " unhinged " bridge , which features a club mix which speeds up the drums featured in the song . The lyrics of the track discuss an uncertain relationship , leading to vulnerability , with Roberts describing it as a " dark " song . The song references a yo @-@ yo ; this is a metaphor for Roberts herself , a spinning yo @-@ yo " on the finger of a hot ' n ' cold lover " . Described as " confessional " by Robert Copsey of Digital Spy , the song has a " conversational " performance , and Roberts ' vocals were compared to that of singer Kate Bush . 
 The song received positive reviews from music critics . Emily Mackay , writing for NME , described the chorus as a " winning " one , and noted that " the impulse @-@ speed space synths are broken @-@ heartedly beguiling " . In a separate review , Lisa Wright from NME found that while the song didn 't match the success of " Beat of My Drum " . Wright said that the song is " Not a cuss @-@ ridden introduction to Nicola ’ s re @-@ emergence as an English Syd Tha Kyd , but a questionable metaphor about being like a crap ’ 90s toy . " Robert Copsey of Digital Spy found Cinderella 's Eyes to be " frustratingly under @-@ appreciated " with " Yo @-@ Yo " being a " shining example of [ Roberts ' ] pop sensibilities " calling it " unashamedly radio friendly " . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 
 = = = Synopsis = = = 
 
 The video begins with a man performing tricks with a yo @-@ yo in a white room , accompanied by shots showing Roberts in a " fashionable looking house " wearing a black silk dress . Then rapid shots show her in various other outfits , including a purple velvet dress , all the time showing the man performing tricks with the yo @-@ yo . As the chorus begins , Roberts is shown in the kitchen of the house , along with several women dancing with her . Another shot shows a man and a woman walking through a street embracing each other . This is later interspersed with shots of a fully clothed Roberts standing in a shower cubiclem getting increasingly wet . Roberts is shown leaving the house and seeing the man with whom she had danced with another woman . She returns to the house , and the man and Roberts are seen in the kitchen area with Roberts throwing a series of objects at him . 
 
 = = = Release and reception = = = 
 
 Prior to the release of the video , Roberts released still images to website 3am . These showed her in what was described as " some sort of untidy , yet fashionable looking house " , while one showed her with her legs above her head wearing " Kandee 's caramel kisses shoes " and a third and final seeing her " cosying up next to a handsome chap " . The same day , Roberts gave two more exclusive stills to website Digital Spy ; in one image , she was smelling roses , while , in the second , she was " playing with a pair of shoes " . The video was released on 30 November 2011 . After the official release , Nadia Mendoza of the Daily Mail stated the video was a departure from her previous two videos ( for " Beat of My Drum " and " Lucky Day " ) , saying that it " looks and sounds a lot more grown up as she teases viewers by stripping to her bra and frolicking in the shower . " Mendoza found that Roberts was " becoming quite the chameleon " and had " trampled all over her innocent charm to create a sex siren " , referencing her transformation throughout her videos . Katherine St Asaph , of Pop Dust , found that the video 's low budget had had a negative effect . She interpreted scenes with Roberts repeated changes clothing positively , noting " [ i ] t works because of the lyrics – what , besides other people , can mess with your feelings more than trying on clothes ? " 
 
 = = Live performances = = 
 
 Roberts performed " Yo @-@ Yo " at London 's G @-@ A @-@ Y nightclub on 24 September 2011 . She pre @-@ recorded a performance of " Yo @-@ Yo " for UK television programme The Alan Titchmarsh Show during the same taping as a performance of " Lucky Day " . The taping came after deciding " Yo @-@ Yo " would be released as the third single from the album , with Roberts saying , " I absolutely love performing Yo @-@ Yo , it 's my favourite one to do [ ... ] So I feel really close to Yo @-@ Yo . I feel like I lose myself when I 'm performing it " . After the release of the single , Roberts performed on The Album Chart Show during a special dedicated to her , performing three tracks : " Yo @-@ Yo " , " Beat of My Drum " and " Sticks + Stones " . Roberts also performed the song on British chat show Loose Women and on the Digital Music Awards . 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 " Yo @-@ Yo " debuted at its peak of number 111 on the UK Singles Chart . 
 
 = = Formats and track @-@ listings = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Robbie Fowler = 
 
 Robert Bernard " Robbie " Fowler ( born 9 April 1975 ) is an English former professional footballer and manager who played as a striker from 1993 to 2012 . Fowler was known for being a natural scorer with an instinctive goal @-@ poaching ability . 
 Fowler is best remembered for his time at Liverpool and is the sixth @-@ highest goalscorer in the history of the Premier League . He scored 183 goals in total for Liverpool , 128 of which were scored in the Premier League ( 162 Premier League goals in total ) . He earned the nickname " God " from the Anfield crowd , becoming a club legend due to his ruthlessness in front of goal . He subsequently played for Leeds United and Manchester City , before returning to Liverpool in January 2006 . 
 He moved clubs 18 months later to sign for Cardiff City . He refused a one @-@ year " pay as you play " contract extension and signed with Blackburn Rovers on a three @-@ month deal on the same terms instead . In December 2008 , he departed Blackburn and forged a career in Australia with North Queensland Fury and Perth Glory . In 2011 , he joined Thai side Muangthong United as a player , but later was appointed player @-@ manager which he remained until his retirement in 2012 . 
 He was capped for England 26 times , scoring 7 goals . Fowler was included in England 's squads for Euro 96 , Euro 2000 and the 2002 FIFA World Cup . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Fowler was born in Toxteth , Liverpool and brought up in the inner city area of Liverpool . At this time he was known as Robert Ryder , his mother 's surname . He lived in Toxteth at the time of the 1981 Toxteth riots , when he was six years old . As a youngster he supported Everton F.C .. He played regularly for schoolboy team Thorvald , and once scored 16 times in a 26 – 0 rout . 
 
 = = Club career = = 
 
 
 = = = Liverpool = = = 
 
 Fowler 's career began with Liverpool . He signed as a youth team player on leaving school in the middle of 1991 , signing professional terms on his 17th birthday , 9 April 1992 . 
 Fowler 's first involvement with the Liverpool first team came on 13 January 1993 , when he was an unused substitute in an FA Cup third round tie against Bolton Wanderers . In the following close season , Fowler helped the England under @-@ 18 team win the 1993 European Championship , before making a scoring first @-@ team debut in Liverpool 's 3 – 1 win in a first round League Cup tie at Fulham on 22 September 1993 . Fowler scored all five goals in the second leg at Anfield two weeks later , making him the fourth player in Liverpool 's history to score five in a senior fixture . He scored his first league hat @-@ trick against Southampton in only his fifth league game . His very first league goal for the Reds had come on 16 October 1993 , when an 87th @-@ minute equaliser at home to struggling Oldham Athletic saved the Reds from what would have been one of the biggest Premier League shocks of the season , with a last gasp own goal giving Liverpool a 2 – 1 win . He scored twice in a thrilling 3 – 3 draw at Tottenham Hotspur on 18 December . 
 His first 13 games for the club yielded 12 goals , and he was rewarded with an England Under @-@ 21 debut against San Marino in November 1993 , in which he scored England 's opening goal in the third minute . Fowler was unable to sustain his goal @-@ a @-@ game ratio throughout the season , but finished his first season as the club 's leading scorer with 18 goals in all competitions , although Ian Rush had scored more goals in the league . It was , however , a disappointing season for Liverpool , as they finished eighth in the Premier League without making any impact in any of the major competitions , though the departure of Graeme Souness as manager and the appointment of Roy Evans as successor built up hope for the future . 
 
 = = = = Success and fame = = = = 
 
 In the 1994 – 95 season , Fowler was an ever @-@ present for Liverpool , playing in all of their 57 competitive matches , including the victory in the 1995 League Cup final , and a match against Arsenal in which he scored the Premier League 's second fastest hat @-@ trick ever , in four minutes and 33 seconds . His record stood for twenty years until broken by Sadio Mané on 16 May 2015 for Southampton against Aston Villa , who scored three goals in two minutes and 56 seconds . 
 Fowler also scored braces against Aston Villa , Ipswich Town , Chelsea and Norwich City in the league that season . 
 Fowler was voted the PFA Young Player of the Year in two consecutive years in 1995 and 1996 , a feat equalled only by Ryan Giggs and Wayne Rooney . 
 Throughout the mid and late 1990s , Fowler was widely considered to be the most natural finisher playing in England . Fowler sealed this reputation as he scored more than 30 goals for three consecutive seasons , up to 1997 . He remains the only player to have scored 30 plus goals in his first three full seasons in England scoring 98 goals with a total of 116 in 3 and a half years , something which has also yet to be beaten in La Liga , Seria A and the Bundesliga too . Fowler 's partnership with Steve McManaman was largely described as the reason why Liverpool had become the club known for being the most potent attacking force in England at the time , and Fowler was renowned for scoring goals of all varieties , from every angle and distance , with McManaman describing him as the " greatest goalscorer of all time . " 
 Stan Collymore , Fowler 's strike partner from 1995 to 1997 , said in his autobiography that Fowler was the best player he has ever played alongside . Fowler and Collymore were among the most prolific goal @-@ scoring strike partnerships in England during the 1995 – 96 season . In the same season he scored twice in a 4 – 3 victory over Newcastle United , a match voted the best of the decade in a Premier League poll . The match helped prevent Newcastle from winning the league , but it was not enough for Liverpool to clinch the title ; they finished third while Manchester United were crowned champions . Fowler also played in his first FA Cup final that season , but was on the losing side as Manchester United won 1 – 0 . 
 Fowler received a call @-@ up to the full England squad and won his first cap on 27 March 1996 as a substitute in a friendly against Bulgaria . His first start at international level was against Croatia which was the England game following his substitute appearance . Fowler was part of the England squad for Euro 1996 , making two appearances in the tournament . On 14 December 1996 , he scored four against Middlesbrough , including his hundredth for Liverpool . This meant he reached a century of goals one game quicker than his first strike partner , Ian Rush , in just 165 games . 
 That year , he also won a UEFA Fair Play award for denying that he had been fouled by Arsenal goalkeeper David Seaman at Highbury after a penalty had been given . After unsuccessfully trying to persuade the referee to change his decision about the penalty , Fowler took it tamely and Seaman saved . However , Seaman failed to hold on to the ball and Jason McAteer scored from the rebound . Though many people believe that he deliberately took the penalty kick poorly for reasons of fair play , Fowler said at the time : " As a goalscorer it 's part of my job to take it and I wanted to score it . I tried to score . I never missed on purpose . It just happened , it was a bad penalty . " 
 
 = = = = Spice Boys = = = = 
 
 Fowler was part of a group of Liverpool players from the mid @-@ 1990s who were dubbed " The Spice Boys " by the press following a series of off @-@ field controversies . The term was coined by the Daily Mail , and arose due to misplaced rumours that Fowler was dating Spice Girl Emma Bunton . The term was subsequently used in a derogatory manner , implying Fowler and colleagues such as Jamie Redknapp , Stan Collymore , David James and Steve McManaman were underachieving playboys . 
 Fowler 's performance in the 1997 – 98 football season was marred by a knee ligament injury that kept him out of action for half the season and caused him to miss the 1998 World Cup . During this period of injury , fellow Liverpool striker , Michael Owen rose to prominence , making his debut in 1997 . Owen established himself in the Liverpool team in Fowler 's absence . 
 In 1999 , Fowler was fined £ 60 @,@ 000 by his club for bringing the game into disrepute . While celebrating his goal against Liverpool 's Merseyside rivals , Everton , Fowler used the white line of the penalty area to simulate cocaine use . Liverpool manager Gérard Houllier stated that this was a Cameroonian grass @-@ eating celebration , learnt from teammate Rigobert Song . Defending himself , Fowler later said this was a response to Everton fans who had insulted him with false accusations of drug abuse . Fowler received a four @-@ match suspension from the FA for this incident . At the same FA disciplinary hearing , Fowler received a further two match suspension due to a separate incident in which he had taunted the Chelsea defender Graeme Le Saux by waving his backside at him as Le Saux 's wife and children watched from the stands . Fowler later attempted to justify his actions by suggesting his taunts were simply an extension of gamesmanship . The FA imposed a £ 32 @,@ 000 fine and a six @-@ match ban for the two incidents . Fowler has since apologized to Le Saux for the incident . 
 
 = = = = Winning the cup treble = = = = 
 
 The 2000 – 01 season was Fowler 's most successful season . He appeared in three finals , scoring 17 goals and lifting three trophies in a unique cup treble . In the absence of Jamie Redknapp , who was sidelined by injury , Fowler was named as Liverpool captain when he started . However he found himself the third @-@ choice Liverpool striker , with Houllier favouring a forward partnership of Michael Owen and Emile Heskey . 
 He took part in a fourth round League Cup hammering of Stoke City , scoring a hat @-@ trick in an 8 – 0 victory , which was second only to the club 's biggest ever win in 1986 – a 10 – 0 defeat of Fulham . In the League Cup final against Birmingham City , the club 's first cup final since 1996 , he captained the side and scored in the 30th minute . Liverpool went on to win the trophy on penalties , with Fowler scoring Liverpool 's fifth in the shootout . Fowler picked up the Alan Hardaker Man of the Match award and lifted the trophy . 
 Fowler 's season picked up from there as he scored several important goals including one against runaway champions Manchester United and a free kick in the FA Cup semi @-@ final against Wycombe Wanderers . Fowler featured as a substitute in the 2001 FA Cup Final coming on as a 77th @-@ minute replacement for Vladimír Šmicer . Liverpool , who were 1 – 0 down at that point , eventually won the game 2 – 1 with two goals from Owen . Fowler raised the trophy along with Sami Hyypiä and Jamie Redknapp . 
 Four days later he was a substitute again in Liverpool 's third final , the 2001 UEFA Cup Final against Deportivo Alavés . He came on in the 64th minute for Heskey with the score at 3 – 3 . He scored seven minutes later but Alavés equalised before full @-@ time and Liverpool eventually won with a golden goal , an own goal , in the 116th minute . Fowler and Hyypiä then raised Liverpool 's third trophy of the season together . Liverpool 's next and final game of the season was against Charlton Athletic and Fowler scored twice in a 4 – 0 victory at The Valley that assured them UEFA Champions League qualification for the next season . 
 
 = = = = Liverpool departure = = = = 
 
 Fowler began the 2001 – 02 season controversially , after being dropped by the then manager Gérard Houllier from the Liverpool squad for the 2001 Charity Shield match following a training ground confrontation with assistant manager Phil Thompson . He made an appearance in Liverpool 's 3 – 2 European Super Cup victory over Bayern Munich , but starts were intermittent . In October 2001 , he scored his first league hat @-@ trick for three years , helping Liverpool beat Leicester City 4 – 1 , but was dropped for the following league match . Though Fowler had been on a contract extension from 1999 ( unlike Steve McManaman – who exercised his Bosman entitlement the very same year ) , Fowler was linked to Lazio , Arsenal and Leeds , and Liverpool 's management as well as fans and the media constantly reported that what happened with McManaman ( regarded as a huge financial loss ) would never be repeated and thus the club never rejected those bids without consideration . This meant that coupled with Fowler 's relationship with Houllier , speculation over Fowler 's future persisted for most of Houllier 's tenure and became an issue that divided Liverpool fans . His last appearance for Liverpool was against Sunderland , in which he was substituted at half @-@ time . 
 
 = = = Leeds United = = = 
 
 Despite his popularity with Liverpool fans , who referred to Fowler as " God " , Michael Owen and Emile Heskey had established themselves as Liverpool 's regular strike partnership , leaving Fowler on the fringes of the first team . This , along with his difficult relationship with Houllier , made him seek regular first team football away from Anfield in the form of a £ 12 million move to Leeds United . Fowler maintains that Houllier forced him out of Liverpool , and accused Houllier of pressuring the Liverpool Echo newspaper to use its influence to turn opinion against him . 
 The transfer went ahead just one month after his hat @-@ trick at Leicester . He made his Leeds debut in an away game against Fulham in December 2001 , the same ground where he had made his Liverpool debut eight years earlier . Fowler scored 12 goals in the remainder of the season , helping Leeds to a UEFA Cup qualifying place . Fowler was included in the England squad for the 2002 World Cup , but only made one appearance , coming on as substitute in a second round win over Denmark . 
 Fowler suffered an aggravation of a pre @-@ existing hip injury in the 2002 – 03 pre @-@ season , and did not recover until December . Struggling to gain fitness , and seeing team @-@ mates sold off due to a financial crisis , Fowler 's form and market value diminished . It was despite this decrease in form that he still , in total , scored 15 goals in 31 appearances for Leeds ; achieving an impressive strike rate of just less than one goal every two games . In 2002 – 03 , Leeds finished 15th in the Premier League and a severe financial crisis was developing . 
 
 = = = Manchester City = = = 
 
 In the 2002 – 03 season , Fowler was transferred to Manchester City following a protracted transfer saga . Fowler initially turned down the move , and a dispute between Manchester City manager Kevin Keegan and chairman David Bernstein over whether the transfer should take place due to medical concerns resulted in Bernstein leaving the club . Following encouragement from Keegan , Fowler finally signed for Manchester City on 16 January 2003 for an initial fee of £ 3 million and a further £ 3 million dependent upon appearances . Bizarre transfer conditions meant Leeds United still paid a significant proportion of Fowler 's wages . Fowler made his Manchester City debut against West Bromwich Albion on 1 February 2003 , but made a poor start to his Manchester City career , scoring just two goals in the remainder of the season . 
 Fowler continued to struggle with fitness problems in the 2003 – 04 season , completing the full 90 minutes only nine times , however he did score against his old club Liverpool in a 2 – 2 draw at home . The arrival of close friend , Steve McManaman , from Real Madrid gave Fowler hope , but the pair failed to rekindle their prolific partnership from their time at Liverpool , and received criticism from the fans and tabloids for their salaries , alleged excesses as well as named and shamed in a sex scandal covered by the News of the World that year . 
 Despite the slump , Fowler rallied for the following campaign , and showed a marked improvement in the second half of the 2004 – 05 season , scoring his 150th Premiership goal in the 3 – 2 win over Norwich City on 28 February 2005 . However , his failure to convert a 90th @-@ minute penalty kick against Middlesbrough 's Mark Schwarzer in the final game of the season prevented Manchester City from gaining a place in the UEFA Cup . Despite this , Fowler ended the season as the club 's joint top goal scorer and gained the approval of the fans , finishing in the top three in the fans ' Player of the Year poll . Fowler later described this as " one of the proudest achievements of my career " . 
 Fowler had injury problems at the start of the 2005 – 06 season and rarely featured when fit , making just two substitute appearances in the first four months of the season . His first start of the season came against Scunthorpe United in the FA Cup on 7 January 2006 , in which he scored a hat @-@ trick . The following week he scored Manchester City 's third goal in their 3 – 1 win against local rivals Manchester United after coming on as substitute . However , Fowler made only one more appearance for Manchester City before returning to Liverpool on a free transfer . 
 
 = = = Return to Liverpool = = = 
 
 On 27 January 2006 , Fowler rejoined Liverpool from Manchester City on a free transfer , signing a contract until the end of the season . Fowler had remained a Liverpool fan after he left the club ; he was in the Istanbul crowd when Liverpool won the Champions League in 2005 . 
 The fans were overjoyed to learn that Fowler had returned ; there were large banners in the game against Birmingham City which read ' God – number eleven , welcome back to heaven ' , with ' God ' being Fowler 's nickname while he was previously at Liverpool . 
 Fowler 's return against Birmingham City in February 2006 was labelled by the tabloid press as the stuff of fairytales , and he himself said he felt like " a kid waking up on Christmas morning every day " . Fowler 's first appearance back at Anfield was as a substitute against Birmingham , receiving a standing ovation upon his introduction . After his return , he had three goals ruled out for offside , before finally getting off the mark on 15 March 2006 in a home game against Fulham , the same opponents against which he scored his first ever goal for Liverpool 13 years earlier . 
 Fowler 's next Liverpool goal , against West Bromwich Albion , meant he overtook Kenny Dalglish in the club 's all @-@ time top scorers . His resurgence continued as he marked his 31st birthday with a goal against Bolton Wanderers . He made it four goals in five games when he scored the only goal in a 1 – 0 victory over Blackburn Rovers on 16 April 2006 . However , Fowler 's fitness remained a concern . In March 2006 , manager Rafael Benítez commented on Fowler 's work and progress by saying , " to buy a Robbie Fowler who is fit and scoring goals would cost a lot , maybe £ 10m or more " . Despite concerns about his fitness , Fowler finished the 2005 – 06 season scoring on a more consistent basis than Liverpool 's other strikers . In May 2006 he was offered a new one @-@ year contract with the club , and celebrated by scoring the first goal in Liverpool 's last league game of the season in a 3 – 1 away win at Portsmouth . It was his final game of the season as he was unable to take part in the club 's FA Cup Final success due to being cup @-@ tied . 
 Fowler featured rarely in his final Liverpool season , making only six league starts . Bizarrely , all three of his League goals were penalties against Sheffield United . One of these was in the away game on the opening day of the season , and the other two in the reverse fixture at Anfield . Appearances in other competitions were more common due to Rafael Benítez 's squad rotation policy . On 25 October 2006 Fowler was named as Liverpool 's captain for the first time since his return in a League Cup tie against Reading , scoring just before half @-@ time in a 4 – 3 win . 
 On 5 December , Fowler scored his first two goals in the UEFA Champions League competition proper against Galatasaray ( he had previously scored during a qualifying tie some six years prior against FC Haka ) , though Liverpool lost 3 – 2 . 
 On 1 May 2007 he was a substitute in the Champions League semi @-@ final against Chelsea , brought on in the last few minutes of extra @-@ time . He set up an attack for Dirk Kuyt but the shot went straight at the Chelsea goalkeeper . The match went into a penalty shoot @-@ out that Liverpool won . Fowler was due to take the fifth and final spot @-@ kick , but the game had already ended when Kuyt slotted home his winning penalty . 
 In what transpired to be his last appearance for the club , against Charlton Athletic on 13 May , Fowler was given the captain 's armband one final time . He was substituted two minutes from the final whistle and given a standing ovation . He finished his second run as a Liverpool player with a UEFA Champions League runners @-@ up medal , although he was not named in either the starting eleven or the seven substitutes . He became a free agent on 1 July having scored 183 goals in 369 appearances during his two spells at the club . 
 
 = = = Cardiff City = = = 
 
 On 21 July 2007 Fowler signed a two @-@ year contract to play for Cardiff City . He missed the season 's opening fixtures due to a lack of fitness , making his debut in a League Cup tie on 28 August . He scored his first two Cardiff goals on 22 September against Preston North End , scoring with two headers . Fowler scored twice in his next game , a third round League Cup tie against West Brom , which Cardiff won 4 – 2 . This led to a fourth round tie against Fowler 's former club Liverpool , at Anfield , to which even the Liverpool faithful crowd urged Fowler to score seeing that it may be the last time he would play in Anfield but Cardiff were knocked out in a 2 – 1 defeat . 
 In November , Fowler travelled to Frankfurt , Germany to see Dr. Hans @-@ Wilhelm Müller @-@ Wohlfahrt , a specialist sports injuries doctor , to try and resolve a recurring hip problem that had left him lacking fitness in early season fixtures for the Bluebirds . The treatment involved taking around twenty @-@ eight injections into his hip . He returned to full training in late November and made his comeback on 15 December as a late substitute in a 1 – 0 defeat against Bristol City . However he went on to suffer another injury blow just days later after a mistimed tackle in training from club captain Darren Purse left him with damaged ankle ligaments . Due to the new injury blow Cardiff and Fowler made plans for him to go to Colorado , United States to undergo keyhole surgery on the hip problem , which had plagued him in recent seasons , in the hope that it would finally resolve the problem . 
 On 17 January 2008 , it was announced that Fowler could miss the rest of the 2007 – 08 season for Cardiff after his hip operation revealed that the injury was worse than previously thought . Surgeons were forced to perform a micro @-@ fracture in order for the hip to heal properly . Despite this , he attempted to make a comeback at the end of the season to play in the FA Cup final against Portsmouth and was included in the 18 @-@ man match squad . He did not feature in the game in and thus did not receive a runners @-@ up medal having not made an appearance in the competition . 
 
 = = = Blackburn Rovers = = = 
 
 Fowler was offered a new pay @-@ as @-@ you @-@ play contract with Cardiff for the 2008 – 09 season in May 2008 and was expected to sign the contract . However , he pulled out of the deal , preferring to accept an offer of a trial at Blackburn Rovers from former Liverpool colleague Paul Ince . The move left Cardiff manager Dave Jones and chairman Peter Ridsdale furious after the club had assisted Fowler 's rehabilitation throughout the summer . After training with Blackburn and appearing in a handful of friendlies he was offered a six @-@ month deal by the club to last until January , but Fowler turned down the deal due to it being a shorter offer than the previous one he had rejected at Cardiff . After turning down the offer , Fowler made a shock enquiry about returning to Cardiff on the deal he had originally turned down , prompting anger from supporters and a swift " no thanks " from the club . 
 Fowler concluded the trial period at Blackburn by agreeing to a three @-@ month pay @-@ as @-@ you @-@ play deal . He stated that he was eager to return to the Premier League and that his pre @-@ existing relationship with Ince would not earn him any preferential treatment . He made his first appearance against Everton in a 1 – 0 win in the League Cup on 24 September . With a month left on his contract at Blackburn , Fowler received interest from League Two side Grimsby Town . Fowler , a noted friend of then Grimsby manager Mike Newell had held talks at Blundell Park over a possible Player / Coach role with the club . 
 His three @-@ month deal at Blackburn expired on 12 December 2008 , and after not being offered a new contract was released by the club , he entered talks with new Australian A @-@ League club North Queensland Fury . 
 
 = = = North Queensland Fury = = = 
 
 Fowler signed with the North Queensland Fury on 4 February 2009 and became their inaugural marquee player ; with his family relocating to Townsville for the 2009 – 10 season of the Australian A @-@ League . It was an important signing for the new franchise who struggled to sign a marquee player , while some questioned whether Fowler would be able to cope with the heat and humidity of North Queensland . 
 Fowler made his debut in July 2009 in a 2 – 1 pre @-@ season loss against Wolverhampton Wanderers in Perth after recovering from groin and hip complaints . Fowler was subsequently named North Queensland Fury 's captain for the 2009 – 10 season and the first in the club 's history . He scored his first A @-@ League goal from a penalty kick in his club 's first competitive match against Sydney FC on Saturday 8 August 2009 . In rounds four , five , and six Fowler scored Solo 's Hyundai A @-@ League Goal of the Week . 
 Shortly after his arrival in Australia , it was reported in the British media that Fowler would be making a swift return to his homeland and sign for League One side Tranmere Rovers , who had just appointed Fowler 's former Liverpool team mate John Barnes as manager . However , Fowler was quick to dismiss talk of a quick return to England . When Barnes was dismissed three months later , it was reported that Tranmere had approached Fowler about becoming player @-@ manager , but these reports too were dismissed . 
 Controversy erupted around Fowler after he reportedly refused to play against the Brisbane Roar on 23 January after being named on the interchange bench for the clash . He however returned to the starting line up for two of the last three games of the season . Fowler ended the season collecting a hat @-@ trick of awards at the clubs end @-@ of @-@ season awards night , he was awarded the clubs Player of the Year , Players ' Player of the Year and the Golden Boot as top goal scorer . On 15 June 2010 , Fowler confirmed that he is taking legal action over the ending of his playing contract with North Queensland Fury . He is suing the Fury and Football Federation Australia , which took over the running of the club . 
 
 = = = Perth Glory = = = 
 
 On 27 April 2010 , it was announced that Fowler had agreed to become part of Glory 's squad for the 2010 – 11 A @-@ League season . Fowler reportedly ignored offers from Middle East clubs as well as Sydney FC to play in Perth . He joined the Glory for pre @-@ season training in mid @-@ June , following World Cup sponsorship commitments . Fowler scored his first goal for Perth on 29 August , a penalty against Melbourne Heart . He followed this up with a headed goal the following week against the Wellington Phoenix . In the following match , Fowler 's hat @-@ trick gave the Glory a 3 – 1 victory against Melbourne Victory at the Dairy Famers Stadium in Townsville . Fowler ended the year as top scorer for the club . 
 
 = = = Muangthong United = = = 
 
 On 7 July 2011 Fowler agreed to play with Muangthong United , signing a one @-@ year contract . In a press conference he stated that the weather conditions of Nonthaburi should not be a problem as he had played in Townsville and Perth . He was quickly a hit with Muangthong fans and the Thai public in general ; he attended Thailand 's World Cup Qualifier against Oman wearing the national team 's shirt . He has since played a handful of scoreless games , both at the Yamaha Stadium and on the road in the AFC Cup , until the Twin Qilins were eliminated from the competition by Al @-@ Kuwait . After the sacking of Henrique Calisto as head coach , Fowler was made player / coach . 
 On 16 October 2011 , after 250 minutes of play , Fowler scored his first goal for MTU against Chiangrai . He scored his 250th club career goal on 21 December 2011 against TTM Phichit . On 28 February 2012 Fowler announced he had left the club following Slavisa Jokanovic 's appointment as coach . 
 
 = = = Return to England and retirement = = = 
 
 On 1 March 2012 , Blackpool manager Ian Holloway confirmed that Fowler was training with the Seasiders and that he could earn a deal until the end of the season . However , they could not agree a deal and Fowler decided against signing when Karl Oyston offered the striker just £ 100 a week with £ 5 @,@ 000 for every first @-@ team appearance . 
 On 22 September 2012 Fowler announced that he is " all but retired from professional football . " He said this on the television show Soccer AM . In an interview in March 2013 , he said that he was " not officially retired " and would " jump at the opportunity to play again . " Fowler has also stated in other interviews that he is currently completing his coaching licences . Fowler was on a six @-@ man shortlist and interviewed for the vacant manager 's job at Conference side Macclesfield Town in May 2013 , but caretaker manager John Askey was eventually appointed on a full @-@ time basis . 
 Fowler featured in Steven Gerrard 's testimonial match against Olympiacos F.C. on 3 August 2013 . He came off the bench in the 73rd minute to a big reception from Liverpool fans , but failed to score a goal . 
 On 21 April 2014 , Fowler also featured in a charity match to commemorate the lives of the 96 Liverpool fans who died in the Hillsborough Disaster . Fowler scored both goals for his team in a 2 @-@ 2 draw . 
 On 2 January 2015 , Fowler tweeted " Gutted about Steven , but what an unbelievable player ... I 'm officially hanging my boots up as from now ... A sad day for me " and so officially announced his retirement . 
 
 = = = Soccer Aid = = = 
 
 In May 2016 it was revealed that Fowler would return to the pitch to play for England in Soccer Aid , a charity football match in aid of UNICEF , alongside Jamie Carragher . 
 
 = = International career = = 
 
 Fowler earned his first cap for England on 27 March 1996 , coming on as a 76th @-@ minute substitute in the 1 – 0 friendly win against Bulgaria at Wembley Stadium . On 24 April , he won his second cap and made his first start for England in the 0 – 0 draw with Croatia . Despite only having 3 caps to his name , England manager Terry Venables selected Fowler in his 22 @-@ man squad for Euro 1996 . Fowler went on to make two substitute appearances in the tournament , featuring in the 4 – 1 win against the Netherlands in the final group game , and in the 0 – 0 draw against Spain in the quarter @-@ finals , a game England won on penalties . 
 Fowler did not feature during England 's qualifying campaign for the 1998 FIFA World Cup , mainly due to a serious knee ligament injury , and thus missed out on Glenn Hoddle 's 22 @-@ man squad for the tournament . He did , however , manage to score his first goal for his country on 29 March 1997 , netting the second goal in a 2 – 0 friendly win against Mexico at Wembley Stadium . A second goal followed in his next cap on 15 November , netting just before half @-@ time in the 2 – 0 friendly win against Cameroon . 
 On 9 June 1999 , Fowler played in his first competitive game for England in nearly three years , starting in the 1 – 1 draw with Bulgaria during Euro 2000 qualifying . Kevin Keegan named Fowler in the preliminary squad for Euro 2000 , and after featuring in the three warm @-@ up games against Brazil , Ukraine , and Malta , he was named in the final squad on 1 June 2000 . Fowler did not play in the tournament as England were eliminated in the group stages . 
 Fowler scored his fourth goal for England on 25 May 2001 , netting the second goal in the 4 – 0 friendly win against Mexico at Pride Park , Derby . On 5 September , he scored his first competitive goal for England in the 2 – 0 win against Albania at St James ' Park , Newcastle . This was during qualifying for the 2002 FIFA World Cup . England qualified for the World Cup , and after scoring in friendlies against Italy and Cameroon , Fowler was selected in Sven @-@ Göran Eriksson 's 23 @-@ man squad for the tournament in South Korea and Japan . He didn 't appear in any of England 's group matches , but on 15 June 2002 , he came on as a second @-@ half substitute in the 3 – 0 win against Denmark in the Round of 16 . This turned out to be Fowler 's last cap for his country . He won a total of 26 caps for England and scored 7 goals . 
 
 = = Coaching career = = 
 
 
 = = = Milton Keynes Dons = = = 
 
 On returning to England , Fowler has worked with League One side Milton Keynes Dons on an ad @-@ hoc basis to assist the club 's coaching staff . On 7 April 2011 , Bury confirmed that Fowler would join their coaching staff for one week to assist Richie Barker . Fowler briefly coached Liverpool 's strikers in April 2011 . 
 
 = = = Muangthong United = = = 
 
 Muangthong took action and sacked Henrique Calisto as head coach . A statement on the Muangthong website read : " The Board have appointed Robbie Fowler as the acting Head Coach and terminate the contract of Portuguese boss Henrique Calisto . The contract is until the end of the season and the team must adapt to long @-@ term goals if it is to succeed in Asia " , thus making Fowler player / coach of Muangthong United . 
 
 = = = Liverpool Academy = = = 
 
 In October 2013 it was announced that Fowler would be taking up a coaching role with Liverpool FC at the academy . 
 On 9 September 2014 , it was revealed Fowler had applied for the vacant head coach / manager job at his former club Leeds United . 
 
 = = Style of play = = 
 
 A prolific goal @-@ scorer , Fowler was a quick and opportunistic striker , with good technical ability . Although naturally left @-@ footed , he possessed an accurate , powerful shot from both inside and outside the area with both feet ; he was also effective in the air . Despite his reputation as a " goal @-@ poacher " , he was also a creative player , capable of linking up well with other players , and laying off the ball to other strikers . Despite his talent , he was also known to be injury @-@ prone throughout his career . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 Fowler married wife Kerrie on 9 June 2001 in the town of Duns in Scotland . Together they have three daughters named Madison , Jaya , and Mackenzie , and one son , Jacob . 
 Fowler is a supporter of Liverpool F.C. and regularly attends matches at Anfield . He does media work for Abu Dhabi Sports Channel , Sky Sports and ITV . 
 In association with long term friend Steve McManaman , Fowler has invested in several racehorses through a chattily named company The Macca and Growler Partnership , most notably 2003 Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Celebration Chase runner @-@ up Seebald . In 2005 , Fowler was listed as one of the 1 @,@ 000 wealthiest Britons by the Sunday Times Rich List , with the paper estimating he has a property portfolio of more than 80 , while his Robbie Fowler Sports Promotions company has been reported to have net assets of £ 1 @.@ 58 million . Other business interests including a large property portfolio have resulted in Fowler 's net wealth totaling £ 28 million . This gave rise to the affectionate Manchester City Football Club chant , We all live in a Robbie Fowler house , sung to the tune of Yellow Submarine . 
 On 2 September 2005 , Fowler released a book called Fowler : My Autobiography , about his time as a footballer and the issues surrounding him . Since his transfer to Liverpool he has updated it and included a section about his return to Anfield . Excerpts published in newspapers included criticism of the England management . 
 In June 2008 , Fowler participated alongside McManaman in Steve Nash and Claudio Reyna 's Showdown in Chinatown , an 8 @-@ on @-@ 8 charity soccer game at Sara D. Roosevelt Park in Manhattan with McManaman making five of the goals , including one for Fowler . 
 In 2011 , Fowler and McManaman participated in a Select World XI against Chechen dictator Ramzan Kadyrov and his select XI in a public relations fundraiser in the war @-@ torn nation 's capital of Grozny . The match caused much press bewilderment in the western world , mainly due to Kadyrov 's abysmal human rights record and known practices of torture and rape as weapons of rule . British press also cited the use of and payment of footballers to parade the event as particularly " evil " , with The Guardian labelling it " Football 's moment in Bed with Kadyrov " . 
 Fowler is a cousin of boxer and 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medallist Antony Fowler . 
 
 = = Career statistics = = 
 
 
 = = Managerial statistics = = 
 
 
 = = Honours = = 
 
 
 = = = Club = = = 
 
 Liverpool 
 FA Cup : 2000 – 01 
 League Cup : 1994 – 95 , 2000 – 01 
 FA Charity Shield : 2001 
 UEFA Cup : 2000 – 01 
 UEFA Super Cup : 2001 
 
 = = = International = = = 
 
 England 
 UEFA European Under @-@ 18 Football Championship : 1993 
 
 = = = Individual = = = 
 
 PFA Young Player of the Year Award : 1995 , 1996 
 UEFA Fair Play Award : 1997 
 Alan Hardaker Trophy : 2001 
 North Queensland Fury Player of the Year : 2010 
 North Queensland Fury Golden Boot : 2010 
 North Queensland Fury Players ' Player of the Year : 2010 
 Perth Glory Golden Boot : 2011 
 Premier League Player of the Month : December 1995 , January 1996 
 
 
 = Ode on Indolence = 
 
 The " Ode on Indolence " is one of five odes composed by English poet John Keats in the spring of 1819 . The others were " Ode on a Grecian Urn " , " Ode on Melancholy " , " Ode to a Nightingale " and " Ode to Psyche " . The poem describes the state of indolence , otherwise known as laziness , and was written during a time when he felt that he should devote his efforts to earning an income instead of composing poetry . After finishing the spring poems , Keats wrote in June 1819 that its composition brought him more pleasure than anything else he had written that year . Unlike the other odes he wrote that year , " Ode on Indolence " was not published until 1848 , 27 years after his death . 
 The poem is an example of Keats 's break from the structure of the classical form . It follows the poet 's contemplation of a morning spent in idleness . Three figures are presented — Ambition , Love and Poesy — dressed in " placid sandals " and " white robes " . The narrator examines each using a series of questions and statements on life and art . The poem concludes with the narrator giving up on having all three of the figures as part of his life . Some critics regard " Ode on Indolence " as inferior to the other four 1819 odes . Others suggest that the poem exemplifies a continuity of themes and imagery characteristic of his more widely read works , and provides valuable biographical insight into his poetic career . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 By the spring of 1819 , Keats had left his poorly paid position as a surgeon at Guy 's Hospital , Southwark , London , to devote himself to poetry . On 12 May 1819 , he abandoned this plan after receiving a request for financial assistance from his brother , George . Unable to help , Keats was torn by guilt and despair and sought projects more lucrative than poetry . It was under these circumstances that he wrote " Ode on Indolence " . 
 In a letter to his brother dated 19 March 1819 , Keats discussed indolence as a subject . He may have written the ode as early as March , but the themes and stanza forms suggest May or June 1819 ; when it is known he was working on " Ode on a Grecian Urn " , " Ode on Melancholy " , " Ode to a Nightingale " and " Ode to Psyche " . During this period , Keats 's friend Charles Armitage Brown transcribed copies of the spring odes and submitted them to publisher Richard Woodhouse . Keats wrote to his friend Sarah Jeffrey : " [ T ] he thing I have most enjoyed this year has been writing an ode to Indolence . " Despite this enjoyment , however , he was not entirely satisfied with " Ode on Indolence " , and it remained unpublished until 1848 . 
 Keats 's notes and papers do not reveal the precise dating of the 1819 odes . Literary scholars have proposed several different orders of composition , arguing that the poems form a sequence within their structures . In The Consecrated Urn , Bernard Blackstone observes that " Indolence " has been variously thought the first , second , and final of the five 1819 odes . Biographer Robert Gittings suggests " Ode on Indolence " was written on 4 May 1819 , based upon Keats 's report about the weather during the ode 's creation ; Douglas Bush insists it was written after " Nightingale " , " Grecian Urn " , and " Melancholy " . Based on his examination of the stanza forms , Keats biographer Andrew Motion thinks " Ode on Indolence " was written after " Ode to Psyche " and " Ode to a Nightingale " , although he admits there is no way to be precise about the dates . Nevertheless , he argues that " Ode on Indolence " was probably composed last . 
 
 = = Structure = = 
 
 " Ode on Indolence " relies on ten line stanzas with a rhyme scheme that begins with a Shakespearian quatrain ( ABAB ) and ends with a Miltonic sestet ( CDECDE ) . This pattern is used in " Ode on Melancholy " , " Ode to a Nightingale " and " Ode on a Grecian Urn " , which further unifies the poems in their structure in addition to their themes . 
 The poem contains a complicated use of assonance ( the repetition of vowel sounds ) , as evident in line 19 , " O why did ye not melt , and leave my sense " , where the pairs ye / leave and melt / sense share vowel sounds . A more disorganized use of assonance appears in line 31 , " A third time pass 'd they by , and , passing , turn 'd " , in which the pairs third / turn 'd , time / by , and pass 'd / passing share vowel sounds . The first line exemplifies the poem 's consistent iambic pentameter scansion : 
 Keats occasionally inverts the accent of the first two syllables of each line or a set of syllables within the middle of a line . 2 @.@ 3 % of the internal syllables are inverted in the " Ode on Indolence " , whereas only 0 @.@ 4 % of the internal syllables of his other poems contain such inversions . 
 
 = = Poem = = 
 
 The poem relies on a first @-@ person narration style similar to " Ode to Psyche " . It begins with a classical scene from an urn in a similar manner to " Ode on a Grecian Urn " , but the scene in " Indolence " is allegorical . The opening describes three figures that operate as three fates : 
 One morn before me were three figures seen , 
 With bowed necks , and joined hands , side @-@ faced ; 
 And one behind the other stepp 'd serene , 
 In placid sandals , and in white robes graced ; 
 They pass 'd , like figures on a marble urn 
 When shifted round to see the other side ; 
 They came again , as , when the urn once more 
 Is shifted round , the first seen shades return ; 
 And they were strange to me , as may betide 
 With vases , to one deep in Phidian lore . ( Lines 1 – 10 ) 
 The figures remain mysterious as they circle around the narrator . Eventually they turn towards him and it is revealed that they are Ambition , Love , and Poesy , the themes of the poem : 
 A third time pass 'd they by , and , passing , turn 'd 
 Each one the face a moment whiles to me ; 
 Then faded , and to follow them I burn 'd 
 And ached for wings , because I knew the three : 
 The first was a fair Maid , and Love her name ; 
 The second was Ambition , pale of cheek , 
 And ever watchful with fatigued eye ; 
 The last , whom I love more , the more of blame 
 Is heap 'd upon her , maiden most unmeek , — 
 I knew to be my demon Poesy . ( Lines 31 – 40 ) 
 The poet wishes to be with the three figures , but he is unable to join them . The poem transitions into the narrator providing reasons why he would not need the three figures and does so with ambition and love , but he cannot find a reason to dismiss poesy : 
 They faded , and , forsooth ! I wanted wings : 
 O folly ! What is Love ? and where is it ? 
 And for that poor Ambition — it springs 
 From a man 's little heart 's short fever @-@ fit ; 
 For Poesy ! — no , — she has not a joy , — 
 At least for me , — so sweet as drowsy noons , 
 And evenings steep 'd in honied indolence ; 
 O , for an age so shelter 'd from annoy , 
 That I may never know how change the moons , 
 Or hear the voice of busy common @-@ sense ! ( lines 41 – 50 ) 
 Concluding the poem , the narrator argues that the figures should be treated as figures , and that he would not be misled by them : 
 So , ye three ghosts , adieu ! Ye cannot raise 
 My head cool @-@ bedded in the flowery grass ; 
 For I would not be dieted with praise , 
 A pet @-@ lamb in a sentimental farce ! 
 Fade softly from my eyes , and be once more 
 In masque @-@ like figures on the dreary urn ; 
 Farewell ! I yet have visions for the night , 
 And for the day faint visions there is store ; 
 Vanish , ye phantoms , from my idle spright , 
 Into the clouds , and never more return ! ( lines 51 – 60 ) 
 
 = = Themes = = 
 
 The poem centres on humanity and human nature . When the poet sees the figures , he wants to know their names and laments his ignorance . Eventually , he realizes that they are representative of Love , Ambition , and Poetry . While he longs , he fears they are out of reach and therefore tries to reject them . He argues that love is what he needs least and dismisses it by questioning what " love " actually means ( " What is Love ? and where is it ? " ) . He rejects ambition , but it requires more work ( " And for that poor Ambition — it springs / From a man 's little heart 's short fever @-@ fit ; " ) . Unlike the personas of Love and Ambition , the narrator is unable to find a reason to banish Poesy ( Poetry ) , which reflects the poets ' inner conflict : should he abandon poetry to focus on a career in which he can earn a decent living ? Keats 's sought to write great poetry but feared his pursuit of literary prominence was based on a delusional view of his own merit as a poet . Further , he was incapable of completing his epic , " Hyperion " . As Walter Jackson Bate explains , to Keats " Neither a finished ' grand Poem ' nor even the semblance of a modest financial return seemed nearer . " 
 Keats realized that he could never have Love , could not fulfil his Ambition , and could not spend his time with Poesy . The conclusion of " Ode to Indolence " is a dismissal of both the images and his poetry as figures that would only mislead him . Even indolence itself seems unattainable ; Andrew Motion writes that the figures force Keats to regard indolence as " the privilege of the leisured class to which he did not belong . " If the poem is read as the final poem in the 1819 ode series , " Ode on Indolence " suggests that Keats is resigned to giving up his career as a poet because poetry cannot give him the immortality he wanted from it . Ironically , the poem provided Keats with such immortality . Besides the biographical component , the poem also describes Keats 's belief that his works should capture the beauty of art while acknowledging the harshness of life . In this way , the poems as a group capture Keats 's philosophy of negative capability , the concept of living with unreconciled contradictory views , by trying to reconcile Keats 's desire to write poetry and his inability to do so by abandoning poetry altogether and accepting life as it is . 
 Within the many poems that explore this idea — among them Keats 's and the works by his contemporaries — Keats begins by questioning suffering , breaks it down to its most basic elements of cause and effect , and draws conclusions about the world . His own process is filled with doubt , but his poems end with a hopeful message that the narrator ( himself ) is finally free of desires for Love , Ambition , and Poesy . The hope contained within " Ode on Indolence " is found within the vision he expresses in the last stanza : " I yet have visions for the night / And for the day faint visions there is store . " Consequently , in her analysis of The Odes of John Keats , Helen Vendler suggests that " Ode on Indolence " is a seminal poem constructed with themes and images that appeared more influential in his other , sometimes later , poems . The ode is an early and entirely original work that establishes the basis of Keats 's notion of soul making , a method by which the individual builds his or her soul through a form of education consisting of suffering and personal experience . This is a fundamental preoccupation of the Romantics , who believed the way to reconcile man and nature was through this soul development , education — the combination of experience and contemplation — and that only this process , not the rationality of the previous century , would bring about true Enlightenment . 
 The classical influences Keats invoked affected other Romantic poets , but his odes contain a higher degree of allusion than most of his contemporaries ' works . As for the main theme , indolence and poetry , the poem reflects the emotional state of being Keats describes in an early 1819 letter to his brother George : 
 [ I ] ndolent and supremely careless ... from my having slumbered till nearly eleven ... please has no show of enticement and pain no unbearable frown . Neither Poetry , nor Ambition , nor Love have any alertness of countenance as they pass by me : they seem rather like three figures on a greek vase — a Man and two women — whom no one but myself could distinguish in their disguisement . 
 Willard Spiegelman , in his study of Romantic poetry , suggests that the indolence of the poem arises from the narrator 's reluctance to apply himself to the labour associated with poetic creation . Some critics provide other explanations , and William Ober claims that Keats 's description of indolence may have arisen from the use of opium . 
 
 = = Critical response = = 
 
 Literary critics regard " Ode on Indolence " as inferior to Keats 's other 1819 odes . Walter Evert wrote that " it is unlikely that the ' Ode on Indolence ' has ever been anyone 's favorite poem , and it is certain that it was not Keats 's . Why he excluded it from the 1820 volume we do not know , but it is repetitious and declamatory and structurally infirm , and these would be reasons enough . " Bate indicated that the poem 's value is " primarily biographical and not poetic " . 
 " Ode on Indolence " is sometimes called upon as a point of comparison when discussing Keats 's other poems . Charles Wentworth Dilke observed that while the poem can be read as a supplemental text to assist the study of " Grecian Urn " , it remains a much inferior work . In 2000 , Thomas McFarland wrote in consideration of Dilke 's comparison : " Far more important than the similarity , which might seem to arise from the urns in Keats 's purview in both Ode on Indolence and Ode on a Grecian Urn ... is the enormous dissimilarity in the two poems . Ode on Indolence ... is a flaccid enterprise that hardly bears mention alongside that other achievement . " 
 Sidney Colvin , in his 1917 biography on Keats , grouped " Indolence " with the other 1819 odes in categorizing Keats 's " class of achievements " . In 1948 , Lord Gorell described the fifth stanza as , " lacking the magic of what the world agrees are the great Odes " but describes the language as " [ d ] elicate , charming even " . Later , in a 1968 biography of Keats , Gittings describes the importance of the poem : " The whole ode , in fact , has a borrowed air , and he acknowledged its lack of success by not printing it with the others ... Yet with its acceptance of the numb , dull and indolent mood as something creative , it set the scene for all the odes that followed . " 
 In 1973 , Stuart Sperry described it as " a rich and nourishing immersion in the rush of pure sensation and its flow of stirring shadows and ' dim dreams ' . In many ways the ode marks both a beginning and an end . It is both the feeblest and potentially the most ambitious of the sequence . Yet its failure , if we choose to consider it that , is more the result of deliberate disinclination than any inability of means . " Andrew Motion , in 1997 , argued , " Like ' Melancholy ' , the poem is too articulate for its own poetic good ... In two of his May odes , ' Melancholy ' and ' Indolence ' , Keats defined themes common to the whole group with such fierce candour that he restricted their imaginative power . His identity had prevailed . " 
 
 
 = Erving Goffman = 
 
 Erving Goffman ( 11 June 1922 – 19 November 1982 ) was a Canadian @-@ American sociologist and writer , considered " the most influential American sociologist of the twentieth century " . In 2007 he was listed by The Times Higher Education Guide as the sixth most @-@ cited author in the humanities and social sciences , behind Anthony Giddens and ahead of Jürgen Habermas . 
 Goffman was the 73rd president of the American Sociological Association . His best @-@ known contribution to social theory is his study of symbolic interaction . This took the form of dramaturgical analysis , beginning with his 1959 book , The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life . Goffman 's other major works include Asylums ( 1961 ) , Stigma ( 1963 ) , Interaction Ritual ( 1967 ) , Frame Analysis ( 1974 ) , and Forms of Talk ( 1981 ) . His major areas of study included the sociology of everyday life , social interaction , the social construction of self , social organization ( framing ) of experience , and particular elements of social life such as total institutions and stigmas . 
 
 = = Life = = 
 
 Goffman was born 11 June 1922 , in Mannville , Alberta , Canada , to Max Goffman and Anne Goffman , née Averbach . He was from a family of Ukrainian Jews who had emigrated to Canada at the turn of the century . He had an older sibling , Frances Bay , who became an actress . The family moved to Dauphin , Manitoba , where his father operated a successful tailoring business . 
 From 1937 Goffman attended St. John 's Technical High School in Winnipeg , where his family had moved that year . In 1939 he enrolled at the University of Manitoba , majoring in chemistry . He interrupted his studies and moved to Ottawa to work in the film industry for the National Film Board of Canada , established by John Grierson . Later he developed an interest in sociology . Also during this time , he met the renowned North American sociologist , Dennis Wrong . Their meeting motivated Goffman to leave the University of Manitoba and enroll at the University of Toronto , where he studied under C. W. M. Hart and Ray Birdwhistell , graduating in 1945 with a BA in sociology and anthropology . Later he moved to the University of Chicago , where he received an MA ( 1949 ) and PhD ( 1953 ) in sociology . For his doctoral dissertation , from December 1949 to May 1951 he lived and collected ethnographic data on the island of Unst in the Shetland Islands . 
 In 1952 Goffman married Angelica Choate ; in 1953 , their son Thomas was born . Angelica suffered from mental illness and committed suicide in 1964 . Outside his academic career , Goffman was known for his interest , and relative success , in the stock market and in gambling . At one point , in pursuit of his hobbies and ethnographic studies , he became a pit boss at a Las Vegas casino . 
 In 1981 Goffman married sociolinguist Gillian Sankoff . The following year , their daughter Alice was born . In 1982 Goffman died in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , on 19 November , of stomach cancer . Their daughter , Alice Goffman , is also a sociologist . 
 
 = = Career = = 
 
 The research that Goffman had done in Unst inspired him to write his first major work , The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life ( 1956 ) . After graduating from the University of Chicago , in 1954 – 57 he was an assistant to the athletic director at the National Institute for Mental Health in Bethesda , Maryland . Participant observation done there led to his essays on mental illness and total institutions which came to form his second book , Asylums : Essays on the Social Situation of Mental Patients and Other Inmates ( 1961 ) . 
 In 1958 Goffman became a faculty member in the sociology department at the University of California , Berkeley , first as a visiting professor , then from 1962 as a full professor . In 1968 he moved to the University of Pennsylvania , receiving the Benjamin Franklin Chair in Sociology and Anthropology , due largely to the efforts of Dell Hymes , a former colleague at Berkeley . In 1969 he became a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences . In 1970 Goffman became a cofounder of the American Association for the Abolition of Involuntary Mental Hospitalization and coauthored its Platform Statement . In 1971 he published Relations in Public , in which he tied together many of his ideas about everyday life , seen from a sociological perspective . Another major book of his , Frame Analysis , came out in 1974 . He received a Guggenheim Fellowship for 1977 – 78 . In 1979 , Goffman received the Cooley @-@ Mead Award for Distinguished Scholarship , from the Section on Social Psychology of the American Sociological Association . He was elected the 73rd president of the American Sociological Association , serving in 1981 – 82 ; he was , however , unable to deliver the presidential address in person due to progressing illness . 
 Posthumously , in 1983 , he received the Mead Award from the Society for the Study of Symbolic Interaction . 
 
 = = Influence and legacy = = 
 
 Goffman was influenced by Herbert Blumer , Émile Durkheim , Sigmund Freud , Everett Hughes , Alfred Radcliffe @-@ Brown , Talcott Parsons , Alfred Schütz , Georg Simmel and W. Lloyd Warner . Hughes was the " most influential of his teachers " , according to Tom Burns . Gary Alan Fine and Philip Manning state that Goffman never engaged in serious dialogue with other theorists . His work has , however , influenced and been discussed by numerous contemporary sociologists , including Anthony Giddens , Jürgen Habermas and Pierre Bourdieu . 
 Though Goffman is often associated with the symbolic interaction school of sociological thought , he did not see himself as a representative of it , and so Fine and Manning conclude that he " does not easily fit within a specific school of sociological thought " . His ideas are also " difficult to reduce to a number of key themes " ; his work can be broadly described as developing " a comparative , qualitative sociology that aimed to produce generalizations about human behavior " . 
 Goffman made substantial advances in the study of face @-@ to @-@ face interaction , elaborated the " dramaturgical approach " to human interaction , and developed numerous concepts that have had a massive influence , particularly in the field of the micro @-@ sociology of everyday life . Many of his works have concerned the organization of everyday behavior , a concept he termed " interaction order " . He contributed to the sociological concept of framing ( frame analysis ) , to game theory ( the concept of strategic interaction ) , and to the study of interactions and linguistics . With regard to the latter , he argued that the activity of speaking must be seen as a social rather than a linguistic construct . From a methodological perspective , Goffman often employed qualitative approaches , specifically ethnography , most famously in his study of social aspects of mental illness , in particular the functioning of total institutions . Overall , his contributions are valued as an attempt to create a theory that bridges the agency @-@ and @-@ structure divide – for popularizing social constructionism , symbolic interaction , conversation analysis , ethnographic studies , and the study and importance of individual interactions . His influence extended far beyond sociology : for example , his work provided the assumptions of much current research in language and social interaction within the discipline of communication . 
 Impression Management is defined as when an individual attempts to present an acceptable image to those around him or her verbally or nonverbally ( 480 ) . This definition is based on Goffman ’ s idea that individuals see themselves as others view them , so in essence they attempt to see themselves as if they are outside looking in ( 480 ) . Goffman also dedicating this work to discover the subtle ways humans present acceptable images by concealing information that may conflict with the images for a particular situation . For instance , concealing tattoos when applying for a job in which tattoos would be inappropriate , or hiding a bizarre obsession such as collecting / interacting with dolls which society as a whole may see as abnormal . 
 Goffman does break from his connection with George Herbert Mead and Herbert Blumer in that while he does not reject the way in which individuals perceive themselves , he was more interested in the actual physical proximity or the “ interaction order ” that molds the self ( 481 ) . In other words , Goffman believed that impression management can only be achieved if the audience is in sync with the individual ’ s perception of self . If the audience is in disagreement with the image an individual is presenting then the individual ’ s presentation of self is interrupted . Individuals present images of themselves based on how society thinks they should act in a particular situation . This decision on how to act is decided based on the concept of definition of the situation . The definition are all predetermined and individuals choose how they will act by choosing the proper behavior for the social situation they are in . Goffman draws from William Thomas for this concept as well . Thomas believed that people are born into a particular social class and so the definitions of the situations will encounter have been previously defined for them ( 480 ) . For instance when an individual from a high class background goes to a black tie affair the predefined definition of situation would be that they must mind their manors and act according to their class . 
 In 2007 Goffman was listed by The Times Higher Education Guide as the sixth most @-@ cited author in the humanities and social sciences , behind Anthony Giddens and ahead of Jürgen Habermas . His popularity with the general public has been attributed to his writing style , described as " sardonic , satiric , jokey " , and as " ironic and self @-@ consciously literary " , and to its being more accessible than that of most academics . His style has also been influential in academia , and is credited with popularizing a less formal style in academic publications . 
 His students included Carol Brooks Gardner , Charles Goodwin , Marjorie Goodwin , John Lofland , Gary Marx , Harvey Sacks , Emanuel Schegloff , David Sudnow and Eviatar Zerubavel . 
 Despite his influence , according to Fine and Manning there are " remarkably few scholars who are continuing his work " , nor has there been a " Goffman school " ; thus , his impact on social theory has been simultaneously " great and modest " . Fine and Manning attribute the lack of subsequent Goffman @-@ style research and writing to the nature of his signature style , which they consider very difficult to duplicate ( even " mimic @-@ proof " ) , and also to his writing style and subjects not being widely valued in the social sciences . With regard to his style , Fine and Manning remark that he tends to be seen either as a scholar whose style is difficult to reproduce , and therefore daunting to those who might wish to emulate his style , or as a scholar whose work was transitional , bridging the work of the Chicago school and that of contemporary sociologists , and thus of less interest to sociologists than the classics of either of those two groups . With regard to his subjects , Fine and Manning observe that the topic of behavior in public places is often stigmatized as being trivial , and thus unworthy of serious scholarly attention . 
 Nonetheless , Fine and Manning note that Goffman is " the most influential American sociologist of the twentieth century " . Elliott and Turner see him as " a revered figure – an outlaw theorist who came to exemplify the best of the sociological imagination " , and " perhaps the first postmodern sociological theorist " . 
 
 = = Works = = 
 
 
 = = = Early works = = = 
 
 Goffman 's early works consist of his graduate writings of 1949 – 53 . His master 's thesis was a survey of audience responses to a radio soap opera , Big Sister . One of its most important elements was a critique of his research methodology – of experimental logic and of variable analysis . Other writings of the period include Symbols of Class Status ( 1951 ) and On Cooling the Mark Out ( 1952 ) . His doctoral dissertation , Communication Conduct in an Island Community ( 1953 ) , presented a model of communication strategies in face @-@ to @-@ face interaction , and focused on how everyday life rituals affect public projections of self . 
 
 = = = Presentation of Self = = = 
 
 Goffman 's The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life was published in 1956 , with a revised edition in 1959 . He had developed the book 's core ideas from his doctoral dissertation . It was Goffman 's first and most famous book , for which he received the American Sociological Association 's 1961 MacIver Award . 
 Goffman describes the theatrical performances that occur in face @-@ to @-@ face interactions . He holds that when an individual comes in contact with another person , he attempts to control or guide the impression that the other person will form of him , by altering his own setting , appearance and manner . At the same time , the person that the individual is interacting with attempts to form an impression of , and obtain information about , the individual . Goffman also believes that participants in social interactions engage in certain practices to avoid embarrassing themselves or others . Society is not homogeneous ; we must act differently in different settings . This recognition led Goffman to his dramaturgical analysis . He saw a connection between the kinds of " acts " that people put on in their daily lives and theatrical performances . In a social interaction , as in a theatrical performance , there is an onstage area where actors ( individuals ) appear before the audience ; this is where positive self @-@ concepts and desired impressions are offered . But there is , as well , a backstage – a hidden , private area where individuals can be themselves and drop their societal roles and identities . 
 
 = = = Asylums = = = 
 
 Goffman is sometimes credited with having in 1957 coined the term " total institution " , though Fine and Manning note that he had heard it in lectures by Everett Hughes in reference to any type of institution in which people are treated alike and in which behavior is regulated . Regardless of whether Goffman coined the term " total institution " , he popularized it with his 1961 book , Asylums : Essays on the Social Situation of Mental Patients and Other Inmates . The book has been described as " ethnography of the concept of the total institution " . The book was one of the first sociological examinations of the social situation of mental patients in psychiatric hospitals and a major contribution to understanding of social aspects of mental illness . 
 The book is composed of four essays : " Characteristics of Total Institutions " ( 1957 ) ; " The Moral Career of the Mental Patient " ( 1959 ) ; " The Underlife of a Public Institution : A Study of Ways of Making Out in a Mental Hospital " ; and " The Medical Model and Mental Hospitalization : Some Notes on the Vicissitudes of the Tinkering Trades " . The first three essays focus on the experiences of patients ; the last , on professional @-@ client interactions . Goffman is mainly concerned with the details of psychiatric hospitalization and with the nature and effects of the process he calls " institutionalization " . He describes how institutionalization socializes people into the role of a good patient , someone " dull , harmless and inconspicuous " – a condition which in turn reinforces notions of chronicity in severe mental illness . Total institutions greatly affect people 's interactions ; yet , even in such places , people find ways to redefine their roles and reclaim their identities . 
 Asylums has been credited with helping catalyze the reform of mental health systems in a number of countries , leading to reductions in the numbers of large mental hospitals and of the individuals locked up in them . It has also been influential in the anti @-@ psychiatry movement . 
 
 = = = Behavior in Public = = = 
 
 In Behavior in Public Places ( 1963 ) , Goffman again focuses on everyday public interactions . He draws distinctions between several types of public gatherings ( " gatherings " , " situations " , " social occasions " ) and types of audiences ( acquainted versus unacquainted ) . 
 
 = = = Stigma = = = 
 
 Goffman 's book Stigma : Notes on the Management of Spoiled Identity ( 1963 ) examines how , to protect their identities when they depart from approved standards of behavior or appearance , people manage impressions of themselves – mainly through concealment . Stigma pertains to the shame that a person may feel when he or she fails to meet other people 's standards , and to the fear of being discredited – which causes the individual not to reveal his or her shortcomings . Thus , a person with a criminal record may simply withhold that information from fear of being judged by whomever that person happens to encounter . 
 
 = = = Interaction Ritual = = = 
 
 Interaction Ritual : Essays on Face @-@ to @-@ Face Behavior is a collection of six Goffman essays . The first four were originally published in the 1950s , the fifth in 1964 , and the last was written for the collection . They include : " On Face @-@ work " ( 1955 ) ; " Embarrassment and Social Organization " ( 1956 ) ; " The Nature of Deference and Demeanor " ( 1956 ) ; " Alienation from Interaction " ( 1957 ) ; " Mental Symptoms and Public Order " ( 1964 ) ; and " Where the Action Is " . 
 The first essay , " On Face @-@ work " , discusses the concept of face , which is the positive self @-@ image that an individual holds when interacting with others . Goffman believes that face " as a sociological construct of interaction , is neither inherent in nor a permanent aspect of the person " . Once an individual offers a positive self @-@ image of him or herself to others , that individual feels a need to maintain and live up to that image . Inconsistency in how a person projects him or herself in society risks embarrassment and discrediting . Therefore , people remain guarded , to ensure that they do not show themselves to others in an unfavorable light . 
 
 = = = Strategic Interaction = = = 
 
 Goffman 's book Strategic Interaction ( 1969 ) is his contribution to game theory . It discusses the compatibility of game theory with the legacy of the Chicago School of sociology and with the perspective of symbolic interactionism . It is one of his few works that clearly engage with that perspective . Goffman 's view on game theory was shaped by the works of Thomas Schelling . Goffman presents reality as a form of game , and discusses its rules and the various moves that players can make ( the " unwitting " , the " naive " , the " covering " , the " uncovering " , and the " counter @-@ uncovering " ) . 
 
 = = = Frame Analysis = = = 
 
 Frame Analysis : An Essay on the Organization of Experience ( 1974 ) is Goffman 's attempt to explain how conceptual frames – ways to organize experience – structure an individual 's perception of society . This book is thus about the organization of experience rather than the organization of society . A frame is a set of concepts and theoretical perspectives that organize experiences and guide the actions of individuals , groups and societies . Frame analysis , then , is the study of the organization of social experience . To illustrate the concept of the frame , Goffman gives the example of a picture frame : a person uses the frame ( which represents structure ) to hold together his picture ( which represents the content ) of what he is experiencing in his life . 
 The most basic frames are called primary frameworks . A primary framework takes an individual 's experience or an aspect of a scene that would originally be meaningless and makes it meaningful . One type of primary framework is a natural framework , which identifies situations in the natural world and is completely biophysical , with no human influences . The other type of framework is a social framework , which explains events and connects them to humans . An example of a natural framework is the weather , and an example of a social framework is a meteorologist who predicts the weather . Focusing on the social frameworks , Goffman seeks to " construct a general statement regarding the structure , or form , of experiences individuals have at any moment of their social life " . 
 Goffman saw this book as his magnum opus , but it was not as popular as his earlier works . 
 The Frame Analyses of Talk 
 In Frame Analyses , Erving Goffman provides a platform for understanding and interpreting the interaction between individuals engaging speech communication . In the chapter “ The Frame Analyses of Talk , ” the focus is put on how words are exchanged and what is being said , specifically in informal talk or conversation . The concept of framing is introduced through an exploration of why misunderstandings occur in these basic , everyday conversations . He argues that they are more errors in verbal framing than anything else . The types of frames Goffman is considering are discussed in previous sections of the book , “ fabrications , keyings , frame breaks , misframing , and , of course , frame disputes . ” That a frame can assume so many forms is the basis of his analyses , “ these framings are subject to a multitude of different transformations - the warrant for a frame analysis in the first place . ” 
 Goffman ’ s key idea is that most conversation is simply a replaying of a strip – what he describes as a personal experience or event . When we talk with others , the speaker ’ s goal is often always the same , to provide “ evidence for the fairness or unfairness of his current situation and other grounds for sympathy , approval , exoneration , understanding , or amusement . And what his listeners are primarily obliged to do is to show some kind of audience appreciation . " Essentially , through interaction , we are only looking to be heard , not inspire any kind of action but simply to know that someone listened and understood . This is why often a simple head nod or grunt is accepted as an appropriate response in conversation . 
 Goffman explains that the way a conversation is keyed is critical to understanding the intent behind many utterances in everyday speech . Key is probably best understood as the tone of the dialogue which can change numerous times during an interaction . Signaling a change in key is one way that framing often takes place , “ special brackets will have to be introduced should he want to say something in a relatively serious way : " Kidding aside , " " Now , I 'm really serious about this , " and other such tags become necessary as a means of momentarily down keying the flow of words . ” 
 Folklorist Richard Bauman builds heavily on Goffman ’ s work , specifically on the idea of key , in his work pertaining to an analysis of the performance frame . Bauman details that a performance is dependent on it being properly keyed , without this , the display will not be successful . His work on performance analyses is deeply indepted to what Goffman establishes here in “ Frame Analyses . ” 
 Context is one other element to framing that is essential . " The participants will be bound by norms of good manners : through frequency and length of turns at talk , through topics avoided , through circumspection in regard to references about self , through attention offered eagerly or begrudgingly @-@ through all these means , rank and social relationship will be given their due . " Certain things can and will be said in one scenario that would never be uttered in another . An awareness of these social framings is critical , just as is an awareness of the audience . Depending on who you ’ re speaking with ( a teacher , a child , a loved one , a friend , a pet , etc . ) you will curve your speech to fit the frame of what your intended audience is expecting . 
 Goffman uses the metaphor of conversation being a stage play . A plays tone will shift throughout the performance due to the actions taken by the actors ; this is similar to how a discussion is keyed – based on what either person says or does over the course of an interaction , the key will change accordingly . The parallels go further , though . Goffman also claims that a speaker details a drama more often than they provide information . They invite the listener to empathize and , as was explained above , they ’ re often not meant to be stirred to take action , but rather to show appreciation ; during a play this generally takes the form of applause . 
 Other similarities include engaging in the suspense the speaker is attempting to create . In both scenarios , you must put aside the knowledge that the performers know the outcome of the event being relayed and , in a sense , play along . This is integral to his stance as he explains “ the argument that much of talk consists of replayings and that these make no sense unless some form of storyteller 's suspense can be maintained shows the close relevance of frame @-@ indeed , the close relevance of dramaturgy @-@ for the organization of talk . ” Lastly , because the replaying of strips is not extemporaneous , but rather preformulated , it is yet another parallel between a stage production and conversation . All of these things work in concert to provide a foundation of how talk is framed . 
 
 = = = Gender Advertisements = = = 
 
 Gender Advertisements is a 1979 book that , as part of Goffman 's series of studies in the anthropology of visual communication , deals with the topic of gender representation in advertising . The book is a visual essay about sex roles in advertising , differences in the depictions of men and women and the subtle , underlying messages about the sexual roles projected by masculine and feminine images in advertising , as well as and symbolism in advertising . In the book Goffman examined over 500 advertisements in order to find general patterns in stereotypical gender representation , which he placed into six categories : 
 Relative Size : Goffman argues that social situation is expressed through the relative size of the persons in the advertisements , with men showing their superiority through their girth and height . 
 Feminine Touch : Women are frequently depicted touching persons or objects in a ritualistic manner , occasionally just barely touching the object or person . 
 Function Ranking : When a man and woman are shown in a collaborative manner , the male is more likely to be shown as the higher ranked person than the woman . 
 The Family : When families are depicted in advertising , parents are shown to be closer to their children of the same gender and in some instances men are shown separate from the rest of the family , in a protective manner . 
 Ritualization of Subordination : Difference is expressed by lowering oneself physically . Superiority and disdain , holding the body erect and the head high . 
 Licensed Withdrawal : Goffman states that women in advertisements are frequently depicted as removed from the scene around them , either physically turning away from the scene or appearing lost in thought . 
 In her 2001 work Measuring Up : How Advertising Affects Self @-@ Image , Vickie Rutledge Shields stated that the work was " unique at the time for employing a method now being labeled ' semiotic content analysis ' " and that it " [ provided ] the base for textual analyses ... such as poststructuralist and psychoanalytic approaches " . She also noted that feminist scholars like Jean Kilbourne " [ built ] their highly persuasive and widely circulated findings on the nature of gender in advertising on Goffman 's original categories " . 
 
 = = = Forms of Talk = = = 
 
 Goffman 's book , Forms of Talk ( 1981 ) , includes five essays : " Replies and Responses " ( 1976 ) ; " Response Cries " ( 1978 ) ; " Footing " ( 1979 ) ; " The Lecture " ( 1976 ) ; and " Radio Talk " ( 1981 ) . Each essay addresses both verbal and non @-@ verbal communication through a sociolinguistic model . The book provides a comprehensive overview of the study of talk . In the introduction , Goffman identifies three themes that recur throughout the text : " ritualization , participation framework , and embedding " . 
 The first essay , " Replies and Responses " , concerns " conversational dialogue " and the way people respond during a conversation , both verbally and non @-@ verbally . The second essay , " Response Cries " , considers the use of utterances and their social implications in different social contexts . Specifically , Goffman discusses " self @-@ talk " ( talking to no one in particular ) and its role in social situations . Next , in " Footing " , Goffman addresses the way that footing , or alignment , can shift during a conversation . The fourth essay , " The Lecture " , originally an oral presentation , describes different types and methods of lecture . Lastly , in " Radio Talk " , Goffman describes the types and forms of talk used in radio programming and the effect they have on listeners . 
 
 = = Positions = = 
 
 In his career , Goffman worked at the : 
 University of Chicago , Division of Social Sciences , Chicago : assistant , 1952 – 53 ; resident associate , 1953 – 54 ; 
 National Institute of Mental Health , Bethesda , Maryland : visiting scientist , 1954 – 57 ; 
 University of California , Berkeley : assistant professor , 1957 – 59 ; professor , 1959 – 62 ; professor of sociology , 1962 – 68 ; 
 University of Pennsylvania , Philadelphia : Benjamin Franklin Professor of Anthropology and Sociology , 1969 – 82 . 
 
 = = Selected works = = 
 
 1959 : The Presentation of Self in Everyday Life . University of Edinburgh Social Sciences Research Centre . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 14 @-@ 013571 @-@ 8 . Anchor Books edition 
 1961 : Asylums : Essays on the Social Situation of Mental Patients and Other Inmates . New York , Doubleday . ISBN 0 @-@ 14 @-@ 013739 @-@ 4 
 1961 : Encounters : Two Studies in the Sociology of Interaction – Fun in Games & Role Distance . Indianapolis , Bobbs @-@ Merrill . 
 1963 : Behavior in Public Places : Notes on the Social Organization of Gatherings . The Free Press . ISBN 0 @-@ 02 @-@ 911940 @-@ 5 
 1963 : Stigma : Notes on the Management of Spoiled Identity . Prentice @-@ Hall . ISBN 0 @-@ 671 @-@ 62244 @-@ 7 
 1967 : Interaction Ritual : Essays on Face @-@ to @-@ Face Behavior . Anchor Books . ISBN 0 @-@ 394 @-@ 70631 @-@ 5 
 1969 : Strategic Interaction . Philadelphia : University of Pennsylvania Press . ISBN 0 @-@ 345 @-@ 02804 @-@ X 
 1969 : Where the action is . Allen Lane . ISBN 0 @-@ 7139 @-@ 0079 @-@ 2 
 1971 : Relations in Public : Microstudies of the Public Order . New York : Basic Books . ISBN 0 @-@ 06 @-@ 131957 @-@ 0 
 1974 : Frame analysis : An essay on the organization of experience . London : Harper and Row . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 06 @-@ 090372 @-@ 5 
 1979 : Gender Advertisements . Macmillan . ISBN 0 @-@ 06 @-@ 132076 @-@ 5 
 1981 : Forms of Talk . Philadelphia : University of Pennsylvania Press . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 8122 @-@ 7790 @-@ 6 
 
 
 = Cater 2 U = 
 
 " Cater 2 U " is a song by American recording group Destiny 's Child , taken from their fourth studio album Destiny Fulfilled ( 2004 ) . Columbia Records released it as the album 's fourth and final single on June 14 , 2005 . The song was written by band members Beyoncé , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams along with Rodney " Darkchild " Jerkins , Ricky " Ric Rude " Lewis and Robert Waller , with Beyoncé , Rude and Jerkins handling its production . An R & B ballad talking about a woman 's desire to cater to the male love interest of her life , " Cater 2 U " contains synthesizers in its instrumentation . A lawsuit filled by singer @-@ songwriter Rickey Allen in 2006 , claimed the group only recorded a cover of the song which was originally his ; however the case was settled in 2009 . 
 " Cater 2 U " received mixed reviews from music critics who , despite generally praising its composition and the group members ' vocal performances , criticized the lyrical content . The song was nominated in two categories at the 48th Annual Grammy Awards in 2006 and received an award for Best R & B / Soul Single , Group , Band or Duo at the 2006 Soul Train Music Awards . " Cater 2 U " was commercially successful in the US , peaking at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 and three on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs , further receiving a gold certification . The song also appeared in the top ten in New Zealand and top twenty in Australia , while also receiving minor chart placement in Belgium and Netherlands . 
 A music video for the song was filmed by Jake Nava and shot at the Red Rock Canyon State Park in California . It features the trio at a desert with each member singing at a separate set and later a choreographed dance during the chorus . To further promote " Cater 2 U " , Destiny 's Child performed the song during several televised appearances and at the 2005 BET Awards . In addition , " Cater 2 U " was added to the set list of Destiny 's Child 's final tour Destiny Fulfilled ... and Lovin ' It in 2005 . Both Beyoncé and Rowland performed the song during their solo tours after Destiny 's Child 's disbandment . A cover version of " Cater 2 U " was performed by Usher and Babyface at the 2005 World Music Awards as a tribute to the group due to their disbandment that followed the same year . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 " Cater 2 U " was written by band members Beyoncé , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams along with Rodney " Darkchild " Jerkins , Ricky " Ric Rude " Lewis and Robert Waller . The production was handled by Beyoncé , Rude and Jerkins with the band members also serving as the vocal producers . The song was recorded in 2004 at Sony Music Studios in New York City with guidance from Jeff Villanueva and Jim Caruna . The audio mixing was done by Tony Maserati while the mastering was finished by Tom Coyne . 
 During an interview with MTV News , Beyoncé talked about the meaning of the song : " It basically talks about how a guy inspires you ... You want to make him happy and you want to cater to him . I know it 's going to be surprising to a lot of people that the independent survivors are being submissive to their man , but it 's important that people know that , you know , it 's fine if your man deserves it and gives that back to you . " " Cater 2 U " was released as the fourth and final single from Destiny Fulfilled . It was first released in the US as an extended play ( EP ) consisting of the audio version of the song along with four remixes on June 14 , 2005 . On July 19 another EP was released containing the original version and six remixes . Six days later an extended play of the single was released in Italy . " Cater 2 U " was included on two of Destiny 's Child 's compilation albums : the greatest hits album # 1 's ( 2005 ) and Love Songs ( 2013 ) . 
 
 = = = Lawsuit = = = 
 
 Chicago @-@ based singer @-@ songwriter Rickey Allen pushed allegations that " Cater 2 U " was inspired by a song he had composed with the same title and spelling , which was copyrighted in the mid @-@ 1990s and 2000 and performed locally during that time . He claimed he handed over a version to producer Maurice Joshua , who allegedly went on to cover the song with Destiny 's Child . Joshua denied his claims , noting that he never held a copy of Allen 's song . Allen filed a lawsuit against the group for compensation in a Chicago , Illinois court in 2006 where the trio was due to appear in December 10 for an eight @-@ day trial . However , they managed to avoid any given court dates after their public split in 2005 and agreed to settle behind closed doors . In early December 2009 it was confirmed by Chicago Sun @-@ Times that the group had reached a settlement with Allen . His attorney , Matthew Wildermuth , said in a statement , " I can confirm that yes , [ the case ] did settle . All of the issues have been amicably resolved and the case is going to be dismissed . [ Allen is ] excited about being able to devote time to posturing his musical career . All legal terms and agreement will not be released and the case will be dismissed by a judge " . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 " Cater 2 U " is a four @-@ minute long R & B ballad . In her book American Music , Nicolae Sfetcu found influences of quiet storm in the song 's composition . According to the sheet music published on the website Musicnotes.com by Sony / ATV Music Publishing , " Cater 2 U " was composed using common time in the key of D major with a slow tempo of 63 beats per minute . The vocal elements span from A3 to B4 . Instrumentally it consists of silky synthesizers " slink [ ing ] and slurp [ ing ] " throughout , creating a seductive feel as stated by Dimitri Ehlrich of Vibe and writers of Billboard magazine . As the song progresses , it builds to a symphonic crescendo . 
 Lyrically , " Cater 2 U " talks about females wanting to submissevely serve their male love interests and take care of them as they admire their hard work and are inspired by them . The trio further sings about the men of their lives and the way in which they will take care of them . " Cater 2 U " was written as a continuation on the previous song on Destiny Fulfilled , " Soldier " ; after the trio sings about finding a suitable lover in the aforementioned song , they express a will to cater to him in " Cater 2 U " . In the second edition of the book Introducing Cultural Studies , the authors argued that the song contained lyrics about objectification of women , which suggested that their gender role was to " ' keep herself up ' , ' keep it right ' , ' cater to ' their man by providing him with his dinner , a foot rub , a manicure , fetching his slippers , and much more , on demand " . An editor writing in The Times of India found a theme of feminine assertiveness in " Cater 2 U " ; he noted that " the women come off not so much as lovers as full @-@ service romantic servants " . J. Freedom du Lac , a staff writer of The Washington Post wrote that the song 's theme was supplication . 
 Beyoncé opens the song listing the things she would do for her man during her verses : brush his hair , take his shoes off , give him a manicure , rub his feet , help him put his do @-@ rag on , undo his cufflinks . She also sings the lines " Let me feed you , let me run your bath water , whatever you desire " after the thins she had previously listed . Rowland was noted for nearly rapping her solo part during which she promises to " keep my figure right , " " keep my hair fixed " and acknowledges that if her man comes later home while she 's asleep , " all he 's gotta do is tap her on the shoulder and ' I 'll roll over . ' " Williams sings her solo verses during the song 's bridge . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 Tom Sinclair of Entertainment Weekly noted the song was one of Destiny Fulfilled 's " nice bits here and there " , adding , " the pillow @-@ talky pandering of ' Cater 2 U ' ... is hard to resist . " AllMusic 's writer Stephen Thomas Erlewine included " Cater 2 U " as one of the highlights on the album . Slant Magazine writer Eric Henderson opined , " But just about the only element of the whole album that really sticks is the Laura Bush @-@ worthy domestic complacency of ' Cater 2 U , ' in which the trio espouses their joy in total submission . " Dimitri Ehrlich from Vibe magazine found that " the sexy trio is far more believable on the seductive R & B ballad ' Cater 2 U , ' in which they set the feminist movement back more than a century over the course of four minutes " . Andy Battaglia writing for The A.V. Club felt that the song and " Soldier " " make sassy end @-@ runs around notions of womanly subservience , but their best musical moments hide in tiny melismatic twirls instead of hooks " . The Guardian 's Caroline Sullivan wrote that " Cater 2 U " was one of the songs that showcased " the girliness in the trio , musically and lyrically " . In a review of Love Songs , Amanda Koellner from the website Consequence of Sound described " Cater 2 U " as a " sleek " album opener . Thomas Inskeep of Stylus Magazine hailed the song " sexy " while USA Today 's Elysa Gardner felt it was more " gently sensuous " . Rebecca Thomas from MTV News felt that the song differentiated from the trio 's other material and added " While the Third Wave set may have side @-@ eyed the gushy ballad , male fans eagerly welcomed [ it ] " . 
 The lyrics of the song were criticized with BBC 's Nick Reynolds saying that although the group " reinvent [ ed ] themselves as domestic goddesses for some lucky man " , the song was neither convincing nor good . He further opined " I thought they were supposed to be independent women ? ! " juxtaposing it with the group 's earlier song " Independent Women " ( 2000 ) . Jenny Eliscu of Rolling Stone echoed his statements , writing " Jerkins should hang his head in shame for having a hand in the maudlin ' Cater 2 U , ' a saccharine tune about how low Knowles , Rowland and Williams will stoop to prove their devotion to their man ... Since when did these independent women become so craven ? " . Sean Fennessey of Pitchfork Media also stated that " their swan song of sorts ... completely defies the winking empowerment most of their greatest jams provided " . He further described the production as " milky and slight " , the chorus as " limp " and the song overally as " a Prince mock @-@ up of the worst kind " . Jess Harvell of the same website offered similar criticism : " [ The song ] reneged on everything early DC stood for in a parade of kept @-@ wifey pleas " . Alex MacPherson of Stylus Magazine dismissed the sincerity of the lyrics classifying " Cater 2 U " as a " queasy " song . Neil McCormick from The Daily Telegraph panned it as " cringe inducing , with lots of sensuous moaning " . Barbara Ellen of The Observer wrote , " I thought this was the kind of song bands recorded by mistake then hid guiltily in the attic " . 
 
 = = = Recognition = = = 
 
 At the 48th Annual Grammy Awards in 2006 , " Cater 2 U " was nominated in two categories : Best R & B Song and Best R & B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals ultimately losing in both . The same year , the song won an award for Best R & B / Soul Single , Group , Band or Duo at the 2006 Soul Train Music Awards . It was one of the Award Winning R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs at the 2006 ASCAP Rhythm & Soul Music Awards . In 2013 , Lindsey Weber from the website Vulture listed " Cater 2 U " at number seven on her list of the 25 best songs by Destiny 's Child . Weber went on to describe it as " probably the least feminist song " of the band 's material , " the best song ever to lyrically use the phrase ' run your bathwater ' " and hailed Williams for her contribution during the bridge . On the occasion of Beyoncé 's 32nd birthday , Erika Ramirez and Jason Lipshutz of Billboard included " Cater 2 U " at number 25 on the list of " Beyonce 's 30 Biggest Billboard Hits " . 
 
 = = Chart performance = = 
 
 In the US , the song entered at number 95 on the US Billboard Hot 100 singles chart for the chart issue dated April 30 , 2005 . In its fifth week of charting it moved to number 83 on May 28 . After several weeks of ascending the chart , " Cater 2 U " peaked at number 14 on the Billboard Hot 100 for the week ending August 13 , 2005 . On the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs the song entered the top ten of the chart at number six in its 19th week of charting on July 9 , 2005 . It became the band 's fourth top ten single from Destiny Fulfilled and the group 's twelfth top ten song . On the chart issue dated July 30 , 2005 , " Cater 2 U " moved from the position of four to three which became its peak and stayed there for three additional consecutive weeks . With that feat , it became the second single from Destiny Fulfilled and the group 's seventh overall top five single on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart . The Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) certified the single gold on December 13 , 2005 for shipment of 500 @,@ 000 digital copies in the US . Its ringtone was further certified platinum on June 14 , 2006 for selling 1 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 copies . 
 In the Netherlands , " Cater 2 U " peaked at number 60 in its first week of charting on September 17 , 2005 . " Cater 2 U " debuted at number 20 on the Ultratip chart in the Flanders region of Belgium and moved to its peak position of 18 the following week on October 8 , 2005 which also became its final . It performed better on the same chart in the Wallonia region of the country where it peaked at the position of eight on October 22 . In Australia , the song debuted and peaked at number 15 on the ARIA Singles Chart on August 21 , 2005 and lasted six weeks in the chart 's top 50 . On the New Zealand Singles Chart , " Cater 2 U " first appeared on August 29 , 2005 at the position of seven . It moved to number nine the following week and started gradually descending the chart . It last appeared on October 10 at number 40 after seven weeks of charting . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 The music video for " Cater 2 U " was directed by Jake Nava . It was shot back to back with the video for " Girl " and large parts were filmed at Red Rock Canyon State Park in California . On July 5 , 2005 , the music video was released on MTV 's official website . It is also featured on the DualDisc edition of the album # 1 's as well as on the Japanese version of the DVD Destiny 's Child : Live in Atlanta . In 2013 , it was included on the album Destiny 's Child Video Anthology which contained every music video the group had filmed during their career . An image taken from the video of " Cater 2 U " was used as the cover artwork for the DVD . The video opens with a fast instance of a sun rising in the sky and moves to the girls standing nude together . Each singer is featured in her own desert scene performing individually during her respective verse ; Beyoncé is seen on a diving board next to a swimming pool , Rowland on a deserted road where she dances next to a silver car from which she had previously got out of and Williams on a sunlounger . During the chorus the group members are seen wearing fishtail evening dresses , performing a choreographed dance routine for the camera and three males who watch them from the side ; the men are never filmed in the same shot as Destiny 's Child . During the end , each member is seen together with one of their male partners and the video fades away showing the trio nude again as during the beginning . 
 While reviewing the video of " Cater 2 U " , Rashaun Hall of MTV News felt that " [ the trio ] have decided to go au naturale — tastefully , of course " . He further concluded that the clip " is all about scenery and the beauty of the trio " . In their book Music Video and the Politics of Representation , Diane Railton and Paul Watson felt that the presence of men " seems utterly superfluous to the video 's spectacle of female bodies and female pleasures " . They further noted that the video 's imagery and performance managed to proceed without a reference to its lyrics and elaborated , 
 " Indeed , the abstracted emptiness of its desert spaces , the posed tableaux of the women 's bodies and the noticeable lack of attention directed to its male subjects by both the camera and the group , does not simply jar with the lyrical narrative of female subordination but in fact reinforces the image of Destiny 's Child as independent women who are in control of their own lives . That is to say , the video ( re ) establishes an image of women who are in control of their own bodies , their own desires , their relationship with men and their friendships with women . " 
 
 = = Live performances and cover version = = 
 
 On November 16 , 2004 Destiny 's Child performed " Cater 2 U " during the television show Good Morning America broadcast on the American Broadcasting Company ( ABC ) . The song was performed on June 28 during the 2005 BET Awards in Los Angeles . Midway through the performance , for which the members wore form @-@ fitting , floor @-@ length brown gowns , they randomly picked Terrence Howard , Nelly and Magic Johnson from the audience to the stage and performance a lap dance for them . Corey Moss of MTV News felt that their performance was one of the more memorable of the night . Emily Tan from the website Idolator noted that the performance was one of the band 's best further writing , " No one expected the girls to get as down and dirty as they did ... But it looked like no one was complaining . " Steve Baltin writing for Rolling Stone remarked that the group provided " some sizzle " . The trio gave a live rendition of " Cater 2 U " again at NBC 's The Today Show show on July 29 , 2005 . A writer of People magazine felt that " Beyoncé shimmies and shakes things up " during the performance . An acoustic version was also performed on MTV in 2005 during the its Spring Break coverage . 
 In 2005 , " Cater 2 U " was part of the set list of the group 's final tour Destiny Fulfilled ... and Lovin ' It where they performed it in the same style as during the BET Awards , following the popularity of that performance . During the performance , the trio , dressed in long blue floor @-@ length gowns , called three men from the audience to the stage and performed a choreography similar to a lap dance . In a review of a concert in the UK , Adenike Adenitire of MTV News felt that the song was suitable to " slow things down " following the previous energetic performances of the show . " Cater 2 U " was included on the track listing of the group 's live album Destiny 's Child : Live in Atlanta ( 2006 ) chronicling a concert from the tour in that city . Following the group 's disbandment , both Beyoncé and Rowland included " Cater 2 U " in the set list of their respective solo tours . The former performed it as part of a Destiny 's Child medley included during the concerts of The Beyoncé Experience in 2007 . It was subsequently included in the live DVD , The Beyoncé Experience Live ( 2007 ) which included a concert filmed at the Staples Center in Los Angeles , California . Similarly , Rowland performed " Cater 2 U " live during her Lights Out Tour ( 2013 ) as part of a segment which included songs by Destiny 's Child . Usher and Babyface performed " Cater 2 U " at the 2005 World Music Awards on August 31 as a tribute to Destiny 's Child due to their disbandment . Byron Flitsch of MTV described their duet as " sensual " . In 2009 , " Cater 2 U " was referenced in Lil Wayne and Drake 's song " My Darlin ' Baby " . 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits are adapted from the liner notes of the album Destiny Fulfilled . 
 Lead vocals : Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland and Michelle Williams 
 Vocal production : Beyoncé Knowles , Kelly Rowland , and Tenitra Michelle Williams 
 Recording : Jeff Villanueva and Jim Caruna at Sony Music Studios , NYC 
 Audio mixing : Tony Maserati 
 Audio mastering : Tom Coyne 
 Guitarist : Tim Stewart 
 
 = = Formats and track listings = = 
 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Marshall Applewhite = 
 
 Marshall Herff Applewhite , Jr . ( May 17 , 1931 – March 26 , 1997 ) , also known as " Bo " and " Do " , among other names , was an American cult leader who founded what became known as the Heaven 's Gate religious group and organized their mass suicide in 1997 - claiming the lives of thirty @-@ nine people . 
 A native of Texas , Applewhite attended several universities and , as a young man , served in the United States Army . After finishing school at Austin College , he taught music at the University of Alabama . He later returned to Texas , where he led choruses and served as the chair of the music department at the University of St. Thomas in Houston . He left the school in 1970 , citing emotional turmoil . His father 's death a year later brought on severe depression . In 1972 , he developed a close friendship with Bonnie Nettles , a nurse ; together , they discussed mysticism at length and concluded that they were called as divine messengers . They operated a bookstore and teaching center for a short while , and then began to travel around the U.S. in 1973 to spread their views . They only gained one convert . In 1975 , Applewhite was arrested for failing to return a rental car and was jailed for six months . In jail , he further developed his theology . 
 After Applewhite 's release , he traveled to California and Oregon with Nettles , eventually gaining a group of committed followers . Applewhite and Nettles told their followers that they would be visited by extraterrestrials who would provide them with new bodies . Applewhite initially stated that he and his followers would physically ascend to a spaceship , where their bodies would be transformed , but later , he came to believe that their bodies were the mere containers of their souls , which would later be placed into new bodies . These ideas were expressed with language drawn from Christian eschatology , the New Age movement , and American popular culture . 
 The group received an influx of funds in the late 1970s , which it used to pay housing and other expenses . In 1985 , Nettles died , leaving Applewhite distraught and challenging his views on physical ascension . In the early 1990s the group took more steps to publicize their theology . In 1996 , they learned of the approach of Comet Hale – Bopp and rumors of an accompanying spaceship . They concluded that this spaceship was the vessel that would take their spirits on board for a journey to another planet . Believing that their souls would ascend to the spaceship and be given new bodies , the group members committed mass suicide in their mansion . A media circus followed the discovery of their bodies . In the aftermath , commentators and academics discussed how Applewhite persuaded people to follow his commands , including suicide . Some commentators attributed his followers ' willingness to commit suicide to his skill as a manipulator , while others argued that their willingness was due to their faith in the narrative that he constructed . 
 
 = = Early life and education = = 
 
 Marshall Herff Applewhite was born in Spur , Texas , on May 17 , 1931 , to Marshall Herff Applewhite Sr. and his wife Louise née Winfield ; he had three siblings . The son of a Presbyterian minister , Applewhite became very religious as a child . 
 Applewhite attended Corpus Christi High School and Austin College ; at the latter school , he was active in several student organizations and was moderately religious . He earned a bachelor 's degree in philosophy in 1952 and subsequently enrolled at Union Presbyterian Seminary to study theology , hoping to become a minister . He married Anne Pearce around that time , and they later had two children . Early in his seminary studies , he decided to leave the school to pursue a career in music , becoming the music director of a Presbyterian church in North Carolina . He was a baritone singer and enjoyed spirituals and the music of Handel . In 1954 , he was drafted by the United States Army and served in Austria and New Mexico as a member of the Army Signal Corps . He left the military in 1956 and enrolled at the University of Colorado , where he earned a master 's degree in music and focused on musical theater . 
 
 = = Career = = 
 
 Applewhite moved to New York City in an unsuccessful attempt to launch a professional singing career upon finishing his education in Colorado . He then taught at the University of Alabama . He lost his position there after pursuing a sexual relationship with a male student ; his religious education was likely not supportive of same @-@ sex relationships and he was subsequently frustrated by his sexual desires . He separated from his wife when she learned of the affair in 1965 , and they divorced three years later . 
 After leaving the University of Alabama , Applewhite moved to Houston , Texas , in 1965 to teach at the University of St. Thomas . His students regarded him as an engaging speaker and a stylish dresser . He served as chair of the music department ; he also became a locally popular singer , serving as the choral director of an Episcopal church and performing with the Houston Grand Opera . In Texas , he was briefly openly gay but also pursued a relationship with a young woman , who left him under pressure from her family , greatly upsetting him . He resigned from the University of St. Thomas in 1970 , citing depression and other emotional problems . Robert Balch and David Taylor , sociologists who studied Applewhite 's group , speculate that this departure was prompted by another affair between Applewhite and a student . The president of the university later recalled that he was often mentally jumbled and disorganized near the end of his employment . 
 In 1971 , Applewhite briefly moved to New Mexico , where he operated a delicatessen . He was popular with customers but decided to return to Texas later that year . His father died around that time ; the loss took a significant emotional toll on him , causing severe depression . His debts mounted , forcing him to borrow money from friends . 
 
 = = Introduction to Nettles and first travels = = 
 
 In 1972 , Applewhite met Bonnie Nettles , a nurse with an interest in theosophy and Biblical prophecy . The two quickly became close friends ; he later recalled that he felt like he had known her for a long time and concluded that they had met in a past life . She told him their meeting had been foretold to her by extraterrestrials , persuading him that he had a divine assignment . By that time , he had begun to investigate alternatives to traditional Christian doctrine , including astrology . He also had had several visions , including one in which he was told that he was chosen for a role like that of Jesus . In her 2005 profile of Applewhite , Susan Raine speculates that he had a schizophrenic episode around this time . 
 Applewhite soon began to live with Nettles . Although they cohabited , their relationship was not a sexual one , fulfilling his longtime wish to have a deep and loving , yet platonic , relationship . She was married with two children , but after she became close with Applewhite , her husband divorced her , and she lost custody of her children . Applewhite permanently broke off contact with his family as well . He saw Nettles as his soulmate , and some of his acquaintances later recalled that she had a strong influence on him . Raine writes that Nettles " was responsible for reinforcing his emerging delusional beliefs " , but psychiatrist Robert Jay Lifton speculates that Nettles ' influence helped him avoid further psychological deterioration . 
 Applewhite and Nettles opened a bookstore known as the Christian Arts Center , which carried books from a variety of spiritual backgrounds . They also launched a venture known as Know Place to teach classes on mysticism and theosophy . They closed these businesses a short time later . In February 1973 , they resolved to travel to teach others about their beliefs and drove throughout the Southwest and Western U.S ; Lifton describes their travels as a " restless , intense , often confused , peripatetic spiritual journey " . While traveling , they had little money and occasionally resorted to selling their blood or working odd jobs for much @-@ needed funds . They subsisted solely on bread rolls at times , often camped out , and sometimes did not pay their lodging bills . One of their friends from Houston corresponded with them and agreed to accept their teachings . They visited her in May 1974 , and she became their first convert . 
 While traveling , Applewhite and Nettles pondered the life of St. Francis of Assisi and read works by authors including Helena Blavatsky , R. D. Laing , and Richard Bach . They kept a King James Version of the Bible with them and studied several passages from the New Testament , focusing on teachings about Christology , asceticism , and eschatology . Applewhite also read science fiction , including works by Robert A. Heinlein and Arthur C. Clarke . By June 1974 , Applewhite and Nettles ' beliefs had solidified into a basic outline . They concluded that they had been chosen to fulfill biblical prophecies , and that they had been given higher @-@ level minds than other people . They wrote a pamphlet that described Jesus ' reincarnation as a Texan , a thinly veiled reference to Applewhite . Furthermore , they concluded that they were the two witnesses described in the Book of Revelation and occasionally visited churches or other spiritual groups to speak of their identities , often referring to themselves as " The Two " , or " The UFO Two " . They believed that they would be killed and then restored to life and , in view of others , transported onto a spaceship . This event , which they referred to as " the Demonstration " , was to prove their claims . To their dismay , these ideas received a poor reception . 
 
 = = Arrest and proselytism = = 
 
 In August 1974 , Applewhite was arrested in Harlingen , Texas , for failing to return a car that he had rented in Missouri . He was extradited to St. Louis and jailed for six months . At the time , he maintained that he had been " divinely authorized " to keep the car . While jailed , he pondered theology and subsequently abandoned discussion of occult topics , in favor of extraterrestrials and evolution . 
 After Applewhite 's release , he and Nettles resolved to contact extraterrestrials and they sought like @-@ minded followers . They published advertisements for meetings , where they recruited disciples , whom they called " crew " . At the events , they purported to represent beings from another planet , the Next Level , who sought participants for an experiment . They claimed that those who agreed to take part in the experiment would be brought to a higher evolutionary level . He and Nettles referred to themselves as " Guinea " and " Pig " . Applewhite described his role as a " lab instructor " and served as the primary speaker , while Nettles , occasionally interjected clarifying remarks or corrections . The two seldom personally spoke with attendees , only taking phone numbers with which they could contact them . They initially named their organization the Anonymous Sexaholics Celibate Church , but it soon became known as the Human Individual Metamorphosis . 
 Applewhite believed in the ancient astronaut hypothesis , which claimed that extraterrestrials had visited humanity in the past and placed humans on Earth and would return to collect a select few . Parts of this teaching bear similarities to the Reformed Christian concept of election , likely owing to Applewhite 's Presbyterian upbringing . He often discussed extraterrestrials using phrases from Star Trek and stated that aliens communicated with him through the show . 
 Applewhite and Nettles sent advertisements to groups in California and were invited to speak to New Age devotees there in April 1975 . At this meeting , they persuaded about half of the 50 attendees to follow them . They also focused on college campuses , speaking at Cañada College in August . At a meeting in Oregon in September 1975 , they saw further recruitment success — about 30 people left their homes to follow the pair , prompting interest from media outlets . The coverage was negative : commentators and some former members mocked the group and leveled accusations of brainwashing against Applewhite and Nettles . Balch and Taylor state that Applewhite and Nettles eschewed pressure tactics , seeking only devoted followers . 
 Benjamin E. Zeller , an academic who studies new religions , notes that Applewhite and Nettles ' teachings focused on salvation through individual growth and sees this as similar to currents in the era 's New Age movement . Likewise , the importance of personal choice was also emphasized . Applewhite and Nettles denied connection with the New Age movement , viewing it as a human creation . Janja Lalich , a sociologist , who studies cults , attributes their recruitment success to their eclectic mix of beliefs and the way that they deviate from typical New Age teachings : discussing literal spaceships while retaining familiar language . Most of their disciples were young and interested in occultism or otherwise lived outside of mainstream society . They came from a variety of religious backgrounds , including Eastern religions and Scientology . Most were well versed in New Age teachings , allowing Applewhite and Nettles to convert them easily . Applewhite thought that his followers would reach a higher level of being , changing like a caterpillar becoming a butterfly ; this example was used in almost all of their early literature . Applewhite contended that this would be a " biological change into a different species , casting his teachings as scientific truth in line with secular naturalism . " He emphasized to his early followers that he was not speaking metaphorically , often using the words " biology " and " chemistry " in his statements . By the mid @-@ 1970s , he attempted to avoid the use of the term " religion " , seeing it as inferior to science . Although he dismissed religion as unscientific , he sometimes emphasized the need for faith in the aliens ' abilities to transform them . 
 
 = = Nomadic lifestyle = = 
 
 By 1975 , Applewhite and Nettles had taken the names " Bo " and " Peep " . They had about 70 followers and saw themselves as shepherds tending a flock . Applewhite believed that complete separation from Earthly desires was a prerequisite of ascension to the Next Level and emphasized passages in the New Testament in which Jesus spoke about forsaking worldly attachments . Members were consequently instructed to renounce : friends , family , media , drugs , alcohol , jewelry , facial hair , and sexuality . Furthermore , they were required to adopt biblical names . Applewhite and Nettles soon told them to adopt two @-@ syllable names that ended in " ody " and had three consonants in the first syllable , such as Rkkody , Jmmody , and Lvvody ; Applewhite stated that these names emphasized that his followers were spiritual children . Applewhite , Nettles , and their followers lived what religious scholar James Lewis describes as a " quasi @-@ nomadic lifestyle " . They usually stayed at remote campgrounds and did not speak about their beliefs . Applewhite and Nettles ceased having public meetings in April 1975 , and spent little time teaching doctrine to their converts . The leaders also had little contact with their dispersed followers , many of whom renounced their allegiance . 
 Applewhite and Nettles feared that they would be assassinated , and taught their followers that their deaths would be similar to those of the two witnesses of the Book of Revelation . Balch and Taylor believe that Applewhite 's prison experience and early rejection by audiences contributed to this fear . Applewhite and Nettles later explained to their followers that the former 's treatment by the press was a form of assassination and had fulfilled their prophecy . Applewhite took a materialistic view of the Bible , seeing it as a record of extraterrestrial contact with humanity . He drew heavily from the Book of Revelation , although he avoided traditional theological terminology and took a somewhat negative tone towards Christianity . He only lectured about a small number of verses and never tried to develop a system of theology . 
 By early 1976 , Applewhite and Nettles had settled on the names " Do " and " Ti " ; Applewhite stated that these were meaningless names . In June 1976 , they gathered their remaining followers at Medicine Bow National Forest in Southeastern Wyoming , promising a UFO visit . Nettles later announced that the visit had been cancelled . Applewhite and Nettles then split their followers into small groups , which they referred to as " Star Clusters " , 
 From 1976 to 1979 , the group lived in campgrounds , usually in the Rocky Mountains or Texas . Applewhite and Nettles began to place greater demands on their followers ' heretofore loosely structured lives , which improved membership retention . They typically communicated with their disciples in writing or through assistants . Increasingly , they emphasized that they were the only source of truth — the idea that members could receive individual revelations was rejected in an attempt to prevent schisms . Applewhite also sought to prevent close friendships among his followers , fearing that this could lead to insubordination . Applewhite and Nettles insisted that their followers practice what they referred to as " flexibility " : strict obedience to their often shifting requests . The two leaders limited the group 's contacts with those outside the movement , even some who may have been interested in joining , ostensibly to prevent infiltration from hostile parties . In practice , this made their followers completely dependent upon them . Applewhite instructed his disciples to be like children or pets in their submission — their sole responsibility was to obey their leaders . Members were encouraged to constantly seek Applewhite 's advice and often ask themselves what their leaders would do when making a decision . To his followers , he did not seem dictatorial : many of them found him laid back and fatherly . In his 2000 study of the group , Winston Davis states that Applewhite mastered the " fine art of religious entertainment " , noting that many of his disciples seemed to enjoy their service . Applewhite organized seemingly arbitrary rituals that were intended to instill a sense of discipline in his followers ; he referred to these tasks as " games " . He also watched science @-@ fiction television programs with the rest of the group . Rather than issue direct commands , he attempted to express his preferences and nominally offer his disciples a choice . He emphasized that students were free to disobey if they chose , in what Lalich dubs the " illusion of choice " . 
 
 = = Housing and control = = 
 
 In the late 1970s , the group received a large sum of money , possibly an inheritance of a member or donations of followers ' income . This capital was used to rent houses , initially in Denver and later in Dallas . Applewhite and Nettles had about 40 followers then and lived in two or three houses : the leaders usually had their own house . The group was secretive about their lifestyle , covering their windows . Applewhite and Nettles arranged their followers ' lifestyles as a boot camp that would prepare them for the Next Level . Referring to their house as a " craft " , they regimented the lives of their disciples to the minute . Students who were not committed to this lifestyle were encouraged to leave ; departing members were given financial assistance . Lifton states that Applewhite wanted " quality over quantity " in his followers , although he occasionally spoke about gaining many converts . 
 Applewhite and Nettles sometimes made sudden , drastic changes to the group . On one occasion in Texas , they told their followers of a forthcoming visitation from extraterrestrials and instructed them to wait outside all night , at which point they informed them that this had been merely a test . Lalich sees this as a way that they increased their students ' devotion , ensuring that their commitment became irrespective of what they saw . Members became desperate for Applewhite 's approval , which he used to control them . 
 In 1980 , Applewhite and Nettles had about 80 followers , many of whom held jobs , often working with computers or as car mechanics . In 1982 , Applewhite and Nettles allowed their disciples to call their families . They further relaxed their control in 1983 , permitting their followers to visit relatives on Mother 's Day . They were only allowed short stays and were instructed to tell their families that they were studying computers at a monastery . These vacations were intended to placate families by demonstrating that the disciples remained with the group of their own accord . 
 
 = = Nettles ' death = = 
 
 In 1983 , Nettles had an eye surgically removed as a result of cancer diagnosed several years earlier . She lived for two more years , dying in 1985 . Applewhite told their followers that she had " traveled to the Next Level " because she had " too much energy to remain on Earth " , abandoning her body to make the journey . His attempt to explain her death in the terms of the group 's doctrine was successful , preventing the departure of all but one member . Applewhite became very depressed . He claimed that Nettles still communicated with him , but he suffered from a crisis of faith . His students supported him during this time , greatly encouraging him . He then organized a ceremony in which he symbolically married his followers ; Lalich views this as an attempt to ensure unity . Applewhite told his followers that he had been left behind by Nettles because he still had more to learn — he felt that she occupied " a higher spiritual role " than he did . He began identifying her as " the Father " and often referred to her with male pronouns . 
 Applewhite began to emphasize a strict hierarchy , teaching that his students needed his guidance , as he needed the guidance of the Next Level . Zeller notes that this naturally ensured that there would be no possibility of the group 's continuing if Applewhite were to die . A relationship with Applewhite was said to be the only way to salvation ; he encouraged his followers to see him as Christ . Zeller states that the group 's previous focus on individual choice was replaced with an emphasis on Applewhite 's role as a mediator . Applewhite maintained some aspects of their scientific teachings , but , in the 1980s , the group became more like a religion in its focus on faith and submission to authority . 
 After Nettles ' death , Applewhite also altered his view of ascension : previously , he had taught that the group would physically ascend from the Earth and that death caused reincarnation , but her death - which left behind an unchanged , corporeal body - forced him to say that the ascension could be spiritual . He then concluded that her spirit had traveled to a spaceship and received a new body and that he and his followers would do the same . In his view , the Biblical heaven was actually a planet on which highly evolved beings dwelt , and physical bodies were required to ascend there . Applewhite believed that once they reached the Next Level , they would facilitate evolution on other planets . He emphasized that Jesus , whom he believed was an extraterrestrial , came to Earth , was killed , and bodily rose from the dead before being transported onto a spaceship . According to Applewhite 's doctrine , Jesus was a gateway to heaven but had found humanity unready to ascend when he first came to the Earth . Applewhite then decided that there was an opportunity for humans to reach the Next Level " every two millennia " , and the early 1990s would therefore provide the first opportunity to reach the Kingdom of Heaven since the time of Jesus . Zeller notes that his beliefs were based on the Christian Bible but were interpreted through the lens of belief in alien contact with humanity . 
 Applewhite taught that he was a walk @-@ in , a concept that had gained popularity in the New Age movement during the late 1970s . Walk @-@ ins were said to be higher beings who took control of adult bodies to teach humanity . This concept informed Applewhite 's view of resurrection : he believed that his group 's souls were to be transported to a spaceship , where they would enter other bodies . Applewhite abandoned the metaphor of a butterfly in favor of describing the body as a mere container , a vehicle that souls could enter and exit . This dualism may have been the product of the Christology that Applewhite learned as a young man ; Lewis writes that the group 's teachings had " Christian elements [ that ] were basically grafted on to a New Age matrix " . In a profile of the group for Newsweek , Kenneth Woodward compares his dualism to that of ancient Christian Gnosticism , although Peters notes that his theology departs from Gnosticism by privileging the physical world . 
 In the wake of Nettles ' death , Applewhite became increasingly paranoid , fearing a conspiracy against his group . One member who joined in the mid @-@ 1980s recalled that Applewhite avoided new converts , worrying that they were infiltrators . He feared a government raid on their home and spoke highly of the Jewish defenders of Masada in ancient Israel who showed total resistance to the Roman Empire . Increasingly , he began to discuss the Apocalypse , comparing the Earth to an overgrown garden that was to be recycled or rebooted and humanity to a failed experiment . In accordance with the garden metaphor , he stated that the Earth would be " spaded under " . Woodward notes that Applewhite 's teaching about the Earth 's recycling is similar to the cyclical perspective of time found in Buddhism . Applewhite also utilized New Age concepts , but he differed from that movement by predicting that apocalyptic , rather than utopian , changes would soon occur on Earth . He contended that most humans had been brainwashed by Lucifer , but that his followers could break free of this control . He specifically cited sexual urges as the work of Lucifer . In addition , he stated that there were evil extraterrestrials , whom he referred to as " Luciferians " , who sought to thwart his mission . He argued that many prominent moral teachers and advocates of political correctness were actually Luciferians . This theme emerged in 1988 , possibly in response to the lurid alien abduction stories that were proliferating at the time . 
 
 = = Obscurity and evangelism = = 
 
 In the late 1980s , the group kept a low profile ; few people knew it still existed . In 1988 , they mailed a document that detailed their beliefs to a variety of New Age organizations . The mailing contained information about their history and advised people to read several books , which primarily focused on Christian history and UFOs . With the exception of the 1988 document , Applewhite 's group remained inconspicuous until 1992 , when they recorded a 12 @-@ part video series which was broadcast via satellite . This series echoed many of the teachings of the 1988 update , although it introduced a " universal mind " of which its hearers could partake . 
 Over the course of the group 's existence , several hundred people joined and left . In the early 1990s , their membership dwindled , numbering as few as 26 ; these defections gave Applewhite a sense of urgency . In May 1993 , the group took the name " Total Overcomers Anonymous " . They then spent $ 30 @,@ 000 to publish a full @-@ page advertisement in USA Today that warned of catastrophic judgment to befall the Earth . Its publication led about 20 former members to rejoin the group . This , along with a series of public lectures in 1994 , caused membership to double from its nadir at the beginning of the decade . By this time , Applewhite did not regiment his disciples ' lives as strictly as he had and spent less time with them . 
 In the early 1990s , Applewhite posted some of his teachings on the Internet , but he was stung by the resulting criticism . That year , he first spoke of the possibility of suicide as a way to reach the Next Level . He explained that everything " human " had to be forsaken , including the human body , before one could ascend . The organization was then renamed " Heaven 's Gate " . Davis speculates that this rejection may have encouraged him to attempt to leave Earth . 
 From June to October 1995 , the group lived in a rural part of New Mexico . They purchased 40 acres ( 0 @.@ 16 km2 ) and built a compound — which they referred to as the " Earth ship " — using tires and lumber ; Applewhite hoped to establish a monastery . This proved to be a difficult endeavor , particularly for the aging Applewhite : he was in poor health and , at one point , feared that he had cancer . Lifton notes that Applewhite 's active leadership of the group probably led to severe fatigue in his last years . The winter was very cold , and they abandoned the plan . Afterwards , they lived in several houses in the San Diego area . 
 The group increasingly focused on the suppression of sexual desire ; Applewhite and seven others opted for surgical castration . They initially had difficulty finding a willing surgeon , but eventually found one in Mexico . In Applewhite 's view , sexuality was one of the most powerful forces that bound humans to their bodies and thus hindered their efforts to evolve to the Next Level ; he taught that Next Level beings had no reproductive organs but that Luciferian beings had genders . He also cited a verse in the New Testament that said there would not be marriage in heaven . In addition , he required members to adopt similar clothing and haircuts , possibly to reinforce that they were a non @-@ sexual family . 
 
 = = Mass suicide = = 
 
 In October 1996 , the group rented a mansion in Rancho Santa Fe , California . That year , they recorded two video messages in which they offered their viewers a " last chance to evacuate Earth " . Around the same time , they learned of the approach of Comet Hale – Bopp . Applewhite now believed that Nettles was aboard a spaceship trailing the comet , and that she planned to rendezvous with them . He told his followers that the vessel would transport them to an empyrean destination , and that there was a government conspiracy to suppress word of the craft . In addition , he stated that his deceased followers would be taken by the vessel as well , a belief that resembled the Christian pretribulation rapture doctrine . It is not known how he learned of the comet or why he believed that it was accompanied by extraterrestrials or why he should have believed the dead Nettles would be with them . 
 In late March 1997 , the group isolated themselves and recorded farewell statements . Many members praised Applewhite in their final messages ; Davis describes their remarks as " regurgitations of Do 's gospel " . Applewhite recorded a video shortly before his death , in which he termed the suicides the " Final exit " of the group and remarked , " We do in all honesty hate this world " . Lewis speculates that Applewhite settled on suicide because he had said that the group would ascend during his lifetime and thus appointing a successor was unfeasible . 
 Religious scholar Catherine Wessinger posits that the suicides began on March 22 . Most members took barbiturates and alcohol and then placed bags over their heads . They wore Nike shoes and black uniforms with patches that read " Heaven 's Gate Away Team " . A bag that contained a few dollars and a form of identification was placed beside most bodies . The deaths occurred over three days ; Applewhite was one of the last four to die . Three assistants helped him commit suicide , then killed themselves . An anonymous tip led the sheriff 's department to search the mansion ; they found 39 bodies there on March 26 . It is the largest group suicide that has occurred in the U.S. Applewhite 's body was found seated on the bed of the mansion 's master bedroom . Medical examiners determined that his fears of cancer had been unfounded , but that he suffered from coronary atherosclerosis . 
 The deaths provoked a media circus , and Applewhite 's face was featured on the covers of Time and Newsweek on April 7 . His final message was widely broadcast ; Hugh Urban of Ohio State University describes his appearance in the video as " wild @-@ eyed [ and ] rather alarming " . 
 
 = = Analysis = = 
 
 Although many popular commentators , including psychologist Margaret Singer , speculate that Applewhite brainwashed his followers , many academics have rejected the " brainwashing " label as an oversimplification that does not express the nuances of the process by which the followers were influenced . Lalich speculates that they were willing to follow Applewhite in suicide because they had become totally dependent upon him , and hence were poorly suited for life in his absence . Davis attributes Applewhite 's success in convincing his followers to commit suicide to two factors : he isolated them socially and cultivated an attitude of complete religious obedience in them . Applewhite 's students had made a long @-@ term commitment to him , and Balch and Taylor infer that this is why his interpretations of events appeared coherent to them . Most of the dead had been members for about 20 years , although there were a few recent converts . 
 Lewis argues that Applewhite effectively controlled his followers by packaging his teachings in familiar terms . Richard Hecht of the University of California , Santa Barbara , echoes this sentiment , arguing that members of the group killed themselves because they believed the narrative that he had constructed , rather than because he psychologically controlled them . In his 2000 study of apocalyptic movements , John R. Hall posits that they were motivated to commit suicide because they saw it as a way to demonstrate that they had conquered the fear of death and truly believed Applewhite . 
 Urban writes that Applewhite 's life displays " the intense ambivalence and alienation shared by many individuals lost in late twentieth @-@ century capitalist society " . He notes that Applewhite 's condemnations of contemporary culture bear similarities to those of Jean Baudrillard at times , particularly their shared nihilist views . Urban posits that Applewhite found no way other than suicide to escape the society that surrounded him and states that death offered him a way to escape its " endless circle of seduction and consumption " . 
 While covering the suicides , several media outlets focused on Applewhite 's sexuality ; the New York Post dubbed him " the Gay Guru " . Gay rights activist Troy Perry argued that Applewhite 's repression , and society 's rejection , of same @-@ sex relationships ultimately led to his suicide . This idea has failed to gain support among academics . Zeller argues that Applewhite 's sexuality was not the primary driving force behind his asceticism , which he believes resulted from a variety of factors , though he grants sexuality a role . 
 Lalich states that Applewhite fit " the traditional view of a charismatic leader " , and Evan Thomas deems him a " master manipulator " . Lifton compares Applewhite to Shoko Asahara , the founder of Aum Shinrikyo , describing him as " equally controlling , his paranoia and megalomania gentler yet ever present " . Christopher Partridge of Lancaster University states that Applewhite and Nettles were similar to John Reeve and Lodowicke Muggleton , who founded Muggletonianism , a millennialist movement in 17th century England . 
 
 
 = Arbeideren ( Hamar ) = 
 
 Arbeideren ( " The Worker " ) was a Norwegian newspaper , published in Hamar , Hedmark county . It was started in 1909 as the press organ of the Labour Party in Hedemarken and its adjoining regions , and was called Demokraten ( " The Democrat " ) until 1923 . It was issued three days a week between 1909 and 1913 , six days a week in 1914 , three days a week again between 1914 and 1918 before again increasing to six days a week . It was renamed to Arbeideren in 1923 , and in the same year it was taken over by the Norwegian Communist Party . The Communist Party incorporated the newspaper Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad into Arbeideren in 1924 , and until 1929 the newspaper was published under the name Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad . After Arbeideren had gone defunct , the name was used by the Communist Party for other newspapers elsewhere . 
 The chief editors of the newspaper were Olav Kringen ( 1909 – 1913 ) , Ole Holmen ( 1912 – 1913 ) , Fredrik Monsen ( 1913 – 1916 ) , Paul O. Løkke ( 1916 – 1919 ) , Alfred Aakermann ( 1919 – 1920 ) , Olav Larssen ( 1920 – 1927 ) , and finally Trond Hegna , Ingvald B. Jacobsen , Olav Scheflo , Eivind Petershagen , and Jørgen Vogt ( between 1927 and 1929 ) . Fredrik Monsen , Evald O. Solbakken and Knut Olai Thornæs were acting editors from 1924 to 1925 . 
 
 = = Pre @-@ history = = 
 
 Demokraten was originally the name of a short @-@ lived newspaper in Hamar started by Leopold Rasmussen in 1852 , connected to the Marcus Thrane movement . Rasmussen started a second newspaper , Oplands @-@ Posten , in Hamar later in 1852 , to compete with his own Demokraten . An organ for the social liberal labour movement in the district , Arbeiderbladet existed from 1889 to 1892 and was published out of different cities , including in Hamar in the year 1890 . 
 A countywide chapter of the Labour Party was established in Hedmark in mid @-@ November 1904 . After the countywide party convention in Stange in 1906 , the convention summary had to be printed in the Kristiania @-@ based newspaper Social @-@ Demokraten , as it lacked its own local newspaper . The county board thus decided to buy 1 @,@ 500 copies of the Social @-@ Demokraten to distribute to its members . There was a growing notion that the party needed its own newspaper . In the same year , the labour movement in Solør ( south of Hedmark ) bought the paper Solungen , which had existed since 1904 . The takeover came into effect on 1 January 1907 , and publishing began the following year . Solungen pretended to be the labour movement organ for the whole of Hedmark , and outside of Solør it was published as Hedemarkens Amts Socialdemokrat ( Solungen ) . However , the rest of Hedmark county was not satisfied with this solution . 
 
 = = Labour Party period = = 
 
 
 = = = 1909 – 1913 = = = 
 
 The Hamar @-@ based newspaper Demokraten ( " The Democrat " ) was started on 15 September 1909 . The initiator and first editor was Olav Kringen , who had ample experience as the editor of Social @-@ Demokraten from 1903 until 1906 . Demokraten was the Labour Party organ for the Mjøsa Cities and Hedemarken , but in its first years it also covered Gudbrandsdalen and Østerdalen , two northern regions . The name Østoplandenes Socialistiske Partiblad was considered for the newspaper , but the historical name Demokraten prevailed . The name was suggested by local Labour MP Karl Amundsen . Demokraten 's coverage of Gudbrandsdalen soon ended , and in southern Østerdalen a new labour newspaper , Østerdalens Arbeiderblad , was set up in 1915 . In northern Østerdalen , Arbeidets Rett was popular among the labour movement . According to reports in Demokraten the newspaper again began to cover news from a part of Gudbrandsdalen , namely the city Lillehammer , in 1912 . 
 When it came to building up a new newspaper , Kringen had a certain personal drive , as he ran for parliament in 1909 . When he lost the election , he also lost interest to a certain degree . He resigned in 1912 and Ole Holmen , a member of the Vang municipal council , took over as chief editor . However , he ran afoul of other people involved with the newspaper and was fired in 1913 . 
 The newspaper originally had the tagline Socialistisk blad for Oplandene ( " Socialist Paper for Oplandene " ) , but in 1910 this was changed to Talsmand for Arbeiderbevægelsen ( " Spokesman for the Labour Movement " ) . It was printed by the company A. Sæther . The newspaper was issued three times a week until 1 July 1913 , from which point it was increased to six times a week . As part of this ambitious increase , Demokraten also had 3 @,@ 000 copies in circulation , unprecedented in its history . 
 
 = = = 1913 – 1916 = = = 
 
 In 1913 the newspaper 's supervisory council hired school teacher Fredrik Monsen to be the new editor . Olav Larssen started his journalist career as a subeditor in the same year . In the newspaper 's supervisory council vote , Monsen edged out Waldemar Carlsen with 22 to 4 votes , and also prevailed over other applicants who were seasoned editors , such as Ingvald Førre and Eugène Olaussen . Larssen prevailed over Carlsen and Førre in the vote for the new subeditor . 
 Only Monsen and Larssen were employed in the newspaper to work with editorial content . In 1913 , Monsen managed to contract known personalities from the labour movement as " regular contributors " . These were the nationally known figures Olav Kringen , Gunnar Ousland and Johan Falkberget , in addition to Lillehammer politician Petter Nilssen and the locally known politicians Arne Juland ( later MP ) and Andr . Juell . Danish expatriate Alfred Kruse joined in the autumn of 1913 . However , according to Larssen , the prominent writers contracted to Demokraten " seldomly wrote " anything . 
 In his memoirs , Larssen wrote that Monsen was " often aggressive " as editor @-@ in @-@ chief , especially when writing editorials . He got several adversaries in the city 's conservative community , especially after donning a badge with the broken rifle , a well @-@ known anti @-@ war symbol . The newspaper competed with the old and popular conservative Hamar Stiftstidende , the liberal left Oplandenes Avis , and the liberal Oplandet . 
 The practice of issuing the newspaper six days a week became harder after the outbreak of the First World War . The war caused a general rise in prices , and newspaper subscriptions and advertisements both declined . Demokraten had to revert to being issued three times a week starting 1 September 1914 . In December 1914 it adopted a new tagline , Organ for arbeiderpartiet i Hamar og Hedemarksbygdene ( " Organ for the Labour Party in Hamar and the Hamlets of Hedemarken " ) . 
 
 = = = 1916 – 1923 = = = 
 
 Monsen and Larssen both left Demokraten in 1916 . The next editors were Paul O. Løkke , who served from 1916 to 1919 , and Alfred Aakermann , from 1919 to 1920 . Larssen returned in 1920 as editor @-@ in @-@ chief . Georg Svendsen was the subeditor from 1918 until 1921 , when Evald O. Solbakken started in the newspaper as subeditor . Still , there were only two people to deliver the editorial content . 
 As the war years went , the newspaper 's finances gradually improved . The Norwegian state became more active in production and trade and contributed many advertisements . Demokraten acquired its own type @-@ setting machine in October 1918 and a printing press in 1917 , which it used from 1 January 1918 . From 1 July 1918 , circulation once again increased to six days a week . 
 
 = = Communist Party period = = 
 
 In 1923 , the newspaper was renamed Arbeideren ( " The Worker " ) , and the first issue with this name was released on 1 May 1923 , the International Workers ' Day . The change followed a letter in 1922 from the Comintern Executive , which stated that no newspaper belonging to a Comintern member organization should have " Social Democrat " or " Democrat " as a part of its title . The printing press of the party changed its name accordingly , to Arbeiderens trykkeri . 
 In the same year , 1923 , the Labour Party broke out of the Comintern . Subsequently the Communist Party broke away from the Labour Party . The local chapter of the Labour Party in Hamar decided to side with the Communist Party in November 1923 , in a 123 – 22 vote . Arbeideren was then taken away from Labour , as the supervisory council decided by a 65 to 5 vote that it should follow the Communists . Arbeideren was one of thirteen Labour newspapers that broke away from the party and followed the Communists ( one , Nordlys , later returned to Labour ) . Since 15 February 1924 the newspaper was published under the name Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad , as the Communist Party had seen fit to merge Arbeideren with Lillehammer @-@ based Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad . 
 Editor Larssen and subeditor Solbakken both joined the Communist Party in 1923 and continued running the newspaper . As Olav Larssen was asked by the party to be the acting editor of Norges Kommunistblad in the winter of 1924 – 1925 , Fredrik Monsen , Evald Solbakken , and Knut Olai Thornæs were acting editors between 1924 and 1925 . Larssen eventually drifted away from the mainstream of the Communist Party . In late 1926 and early 1927 he voiced his opinion in columns that the Communist Party should contribute to the imminent merger of the Labour Party and the Social Democratic Labour Party . A local party convention strongly rebuked this opinion . Larssen was thus replaced in January 1927 and left the Communist Party , and Solbakken soon followed suit . Fredrik Monsen left the party at the same time . 
 Information differs as to who replaced Larssen . According to Evald Solbakken , and also to the reference bibliography Norske aviser 1763 – 1969 , the replacement was Olav Scheflo , who needed a stand @-@ in , Ingvald B. Jacobsen , for the first period . According to the encyclopaedia Arbeidernes Leksikon and historian Einhart Lorenz , Trond Hegna was the editor in 1927 , before he took over Norges Kommunistblad in the summer of 1927 . Hegna 's main job was to edit the periodical Mot Dag , but in this period the people of Mot Dag had an informal influence on the Communist Party and several of their newspapers . Scheflo formally edited the newspaper from 1927 to 1928 , with Eivind Petershagen as acting editor from late 1927 . In 1928 Petershagen formally took over , only to have Jørgen Vogt become acting editor later that year . Vogt took over in 1929 . 
 As many newspapers belonging to the dwindling Communist Party , Arbeideren would cease to exist before the end of the 1920s . It was still published six times a week , but had to give up its printing press in 1929 , switching to Samtrykk in Oslo . The last ever issue of Arbeideren og Gudbrandsdalens Arbeiderblad was published on 4 October 1929 . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 A month after Arbeideren went defunct , the Communist Party gave its name to a new newspaper , which was set up as the new main newspaper of the Communist Party in 1930 . This new paper was based in Oslo as the replacement of Norges Kommunistblad , which had been liquidated as well . Olav Larssen and Evald Solbakken found a new outlet in Hamar Arbeiderblad , which had been set up as the new Hamar organ of the Labour Party in 1925 . The Communist Party later tried to create a weekly newspaper in Hamar , Rød Front , but it was short @-@ lived and existed only between 1932 and 1933 . The Oslo version of Arbeideren went defunct in 1940 , and many years after that , the name was used from 1951 to 1953 for a third newspaper , published in Brumunddal , not far from Hamar city . 
 
 
 = Journey ( 2012 video game ) = 
 
 Journey is an indie video game developed by Thatgamecompany and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation 3 . It was released on March 13 , 2012 , via the PlayStation Network . In Journey , the player controls a robed figure in a vast desert , traveling towards a mountain in the distance . Other players on the same journey can be discovered , and two players can meet and assist each other , but they cannot communicate via speech or text and cannot see each other 's names . The only form of communication between the two is a musical chime . This chime also transforms dull , stiff pieces of cloth found throughout the levels into vibrant red , affecting the game world and allowing the player to progress through the levels . The robed figure wears a trailing scarf , which when charged by approaching floating pieces of cloth , briefly allows the player to float through the air . The developers sought to evoke in the player a sense of smallness and wonder , and to forge an emotional connection between them and the anonymous players they meet along the way . The music , composed by Austin Wintory , dynamically responds to the player 's actions , building a single theme to represent the game 's emotional arc throughout the story . 
 Reviewers of the game praised the visual and auditory art as well as the sense of companionship created by playing with a stranger , calling it a moving and emotional experience , and have since listed it as one of the greatest games of all time . Journey won several " game of the year " awards and received several other awards and nominations , including a Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media nomination for the 2013 Grammy Awards . A retail " Collector 's Edition " , including Journey , Thatgamecompany 's two previous titles , and additional media , was released on August 28 , 2012 . The game was released digitally for the PlayStation 4 on July 21 , 2015 and a physical edition was released on October 2 , 2015 . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 In Journey , the player takes the role of a robed figure in a desert . After an introductory sequence , the player is shown the robed figure sitting in the sand , with a large mountain in the distance . The path towards this mountain , the ultimate destination of the game , is subdivided into several sections traveled through linearly . The player can walk in the levels , as well as control the camera , which typically follows behind the figure , either with the analog stick or by tilting the motion @-@ sensitive controller . The player can jump with one button , or emit a wordless shout or musical note with another ; the length and volume of the shout depends on how the button is pressed , and the note stays in tune with the background music . These controls are presented pictorially in the beginning of the game ; at no point outside of the credits and title screen are any words shown or spoken . 
 The robed figure wears a trailing magical scarf which allows the player to briefly fly ; doing so uses up the scarf 's magical charge , represented visually by glowing runes on the scarf . The scarf 's runes are recharged by walking , or a variety of other means . Touching glowing symbols scattered throughout the levels lengthens the initially vestigial scarf , allowing the player to remain airborne longer . Larger strips of cloth are present in the levels and can be transformed from a stiff , dull gray to vibrant red by singing near them . Doing so may have effects on the world such as releasing bits of cloth , forming bridges , or levitating the player . This in turn allows the player to progress in the level by opening doors or allowing them to reach previously inaccessible areas . The robed figure does not have visible arms to manipulate the game world directly . Along the way , the player encounters flying creatures made of cloth , some of which help the player along . In later levels , the player also encounters hostile creatures made of stone , which upon spotting the player rip off parts of the figure 's scarf . 
 In each level , the player may come across one other player temporarily connected to their game . When players approach each other they charge one another 's scarves . They cannot communicate with each other beyond patterns of singing . Players can help each other by activating strips of cloth or showing paths , but cannot hinder each other and are not necessary for completing any level . When two players finish a section at the same time they remain together into the next one ; otherwise they are connected to new players when they move on . While all of the figures generally look the same , without gender or distinguishing characteristics , individual players can be told apart by unique symbols which are shown floating in the air when they sing and are displayed on their robes at all times . The entire game takes about two to three hours to complete . 
 
 = = Story = = 
 
 Journey 's story is told wordlessly throughout gameplay and using cutscenes . The player 's character begins on a sand dune in a seemingly endless desert . In the far distance looms a large , foreboding mountain with a glowing crevice that splits its peak . As the character approaches the mountain , they find remnants of a once @-@ thriving civilization , eroded by sand over time . Scattered throughout the ruins at the end of each area are stones at which the traveler rests ; these stones give the traveler the vision of meeting a larger , white @-@ robed figure in a circular room , with art on the walls describing the rise and fall of the civilization mirroring the player 's journey . The player must also contend with the ancient automatons left over from a war which ended the civilization , and which still roam the city looking for intruders . 
 The player continues to journey deeper into the remains of a once sprawling city at the base of the mountain . Eventually making it safely to the mountain , the traveler begins to climb it , struggling as they enter the colder climates and encounter deep snow and high winds . With the crevice still a fair distance away , the traveler falls and collapses in the snow . Six of the white @-@ robed figures appear before the character and grant the traveler new energy , allowing the player to reach the summit of the mountain and walk into and through the crevice as the screen fills with white . The player is then shown the game 's credits , playing over the ending cinematic . This cinematic shows a shooting star emanating from the crevice and traversing the path the traveler took through the ruins , and shows glimpses of other robed travelers heading towards the mountain . Eventually , the star comes to rest at the sand dune where the game began , and the player is given the option of starting the game again . As the credits end , the player is shown the PlayStation Network IDs of the other travelers who shared part of the trek . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 Journey was the last game made under a three @-@ game contract between Thatgamecompany and Sony , the first two being Flow and Flower . Development of the game began in 2009 , after the release of Thatgamecompany 's previous title Flower . The 18 @-@ person development team for Journey was composed mainly of creators of the company 's previous games ; co @-@ founder Jenova Chen was the creative director and Nick Clark returned as lead designer . Kellee Santiago , producer of Flow and Flower , did not reprise her duties , concentrating instead on her role as the company 's president , and was replaced by Robin Hunicke . 
 When development began , Sony expected the game to be completed in a year , rather than the more than three it finally took . Thatgamecompany always expected needing an extension ; according to Hunicke , they believed finishing the game within a year was " unrealistic " . Development ended up taking even longer than anticipated , as the team had difficulties paring down their ideas for the game and maintaining efficient communication . Over the course of development the team grew from seven to eighteen people . At the end of the second year , when Sony 's extension had run out , the game did not spark the emotions in the player that the team wanted . Sony agreed to another one @-@ year extension , but development ultimately exceeded even that . 
 The stress of the project led to the feeling there was not enough time or money to complete everything the team wished to , which added to the stress and caused arguments about the design of the game . The developers ended up reducing the overtime they spent on the project to avoid burning out , though it meant further delays and risked the company running out of money as the game neared completion . In a speech at the 16th annual D.I.C.E. Awards in 2013 , Chen admitted that the company had indeed been driven to bankruptcy in the final months of development , and that some of the developers had gone unpaid at the time . Hunicke described the solution to finally finishing the game as learning to let go of tensions and ideas that could not make it into the game and be " nice to each other . " 
 The game is intended to make the player feel " small " and to give them a sense of awe about their surroundings . The basic idea for the game , as designed by Chen , was to create a game that moved beyond the " typical defeat / kill / win mentality " of most video games . The team initially created a prototype named Dragon that involved players trying to draw away a large monster from other players , but eventually discarded it after finding it was too easy for players to ignore each other in favor of their own objectives . 
 The developers designed the game like a " Japanese garden " , where they attempted to remove all of the game elements that did not fit with the others , so the emotions they wanted the game to evoke would come through . This minimalism is intended to make the game feel intuitive to the player , so they can explore and feel a sense of wonder without direct instructions . The story arc of the game is designed to explicitly follow Joseph Campbell 's monomyth theory of narrative , or hero 's journey , so as to enhance the emotional connection of the players as they journey together . In his D.I.C.E. speech , Chen noted that three of their 25 testers had cried upon completing the game . 
 The multiplayer component of Journey was designed to facilitate cooperation between players without forcing it , and without allowing competition . It is intended to allow the players to feel a connection to other people through exploring with them , rather than talking to them or fighting them . The plan was " to create a game where people felt they are connected with each other , to show the positive side of humanity in them . " The developers felt the focus on caring about the other player would be diluted by too many game elements , such as additional goals or tasks , as players would focus on those and " ignore " the other player . They also felt having text or voice communication between players or showing usernames would allow players ' biases and preconceptions to come between them and the other player . 
 The game was released on March 13 , 2012 for download on the PlayStation Network . A PlayStation Home Game Space , or themed area , based on Journey was released on March 14 , 2012 and is similar in appearance to the game . A retail " Collector 's Edition " of the game was released on August 28 , 2012 . In addition to Journey , the disc @-@ based title includes Flow and Flower ; creator commentaries , art , galleries , and soundtracks for all three games ; non @-@ related minigames ; and additional content for the PlayStation 3 . In September 2012 , Sony and Thatgamecompany released a hardcover book entitled " The Art of Journey " , by the game 's art director Matt Nava , containing pieces of art from the game ranging from concept art to final game graphics . On July 21 , 2015 , Journey was released on the PlayStation Network for the PlayStation 4 , ported by United Kingdom studio Tricky Pixels ; owners of the digital PlayStation 3 version of the game were able to download the new version for free . 
 
 = = = Music = = = 
 
 The music in Journey was composed and orchestrated by Austin Wintory , who had previously worked with Thatgamecompany on the soundtrack for Flow . Wintory worked closely on the soundtrack with sound designer Steve Johnson , as well as the programming team , so the music would dynamically tie in to both the actions of the player and sound effects caused by nearby game objects , and feel as if it were " unfolding in real time " . Johnson felt having short pieces of music that looped without reacting to the player would be a " missed opportunity " , and wanted to create music that changed while still containing a composed emotional arc . Jenova Chen met with Wintory at the start of the game 's development to describe his vision for the project , and Wintory left the meeting and composed and recorded the main cello theme for the soundtrack that night . He continued to work on the soundtrack for the next three years , experimenting and discarding many ideas . The game 's orchestrations were performed by the Skopje Radio Symphonic Orchestra in Macedonia . 
 Unlike many games , where different songs have different themes for each character or area , Wintory chose to base all of the pieces on one theme which stood for the player and their journey , with cello solos especially representing the player . Wintory describes the music as " like a big cello concerto where you are the soloist and all the rest of the instruments represent the world around you " , though he describes it as not necessarily orchestral due to the inclusion of electronic aspects . The cello begins the game as " immersed in a sea of electronic sound " , before first emerging on its own and then merging into a full orchestra , mirroring the player 's journey to the mountain . While the game 's art style is based on several different cultures , Wintory tried to remove any overt cultural influences from the music to make it " as universal and culture @-@ less as possible " . Tina Guo features as the cellist for the soundtrack . She is a close friend of Wintory and has since performed " Woven Variations " with him , an eight @-@ minute orchestral variation on the Journey soundtrack . All of the non @-@ electronic instruments in the soundtrack were recorded with a live orchestra . 
 The soundtrack was released as an album on April 10 on iTunes and the PlayStation Network . The album is a collection of the soundtrack 's " most important " pieces , arranged by Wintory to stand alone without the context of the player 's actions . The album comprises 18 tracks and is over 58 minutes long . It features the voice of Lisbeth Scott for the final track , " I Was Born for This " . After its release , the soundtrack reached the top 10 of the iTunes Soundtrack charts in more than 20 countries . It also reached No. 116 on the Billboard sales charts , with over 4000 units sold in its first week after release , the second @-@ highest position of any video game music album to date . The soundtrack was released as a physical album by Sumthing Else Music Works on October 9 , 2012 . In 2012 Wintory released a download @-@ only album of music on Bandcamp titled Journey Bonus Bundle , which includes variations on themes from Journey and Flow . The soundtrack itself was subsequently released on Bandcamp on June 19 , 2013 . An album of piano arrangements titled Transfiguration was released on May 1 , 2014 , on Bandcamp as both a digital and physical album . A two @-@ record vinyl version of the album was released in 2015 . 
 In January 2016 , Wintory started a Kickstarter for a Journey Live concert tour , in which the fifteen @-@ piece Fifth House Ensemble from Chicago will perform the music from the game while a player works their way through the game . The ensemble will react to the player 's actions , using a specially @-@ scored version of the soundtrack , composed by Patrick O 'Malley with Wintory 's oversight , that breaks the music into small pieces to enable this reaction . Wintory had wanted to do a performance of the Journey soundtrack in this interactive manner , but did not have the time to rework the soundtrack for this purpose . Wintory came to know Dan Visconti , the composer for Fifth House Ensemble , after Visconti published his praise for the Journey soundtrack and had encouraged other members of the ensemble to play the game . The group saw how Journey 's soundtrack had been used for various Video Games Live concerts and believed they could pull off Wintory 's vision of an interactive concert , doing most of the reworking of the soundtrack under Wintory 's direction . Sony has provided Wintory with a version of the game developed by Tricky Pixels that disables the music to allow the ensemble to provide this , and other modifications required for the concert performance . The Kickstarter was launched for $ 9 @,@ 000 in funding for a four @-@ city tour , but within a few days already surpassed its funding levels , allowing for more cities to be included . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Journey received critical and commercial success worldwide . After its release , it became the fastest @-@ selling game to date on PlayStation Store in both North America and Europe . At the 2011 Electronic Entertainment Expo , prior to release , the game won awards for best download game from 1UP.com , GameSpy , and GameTrailers . After publication , the game was heavily honored at end of the year awards . At the 16th Annual D.I.C.E. Awards , formerly known as the Interactive Achievement Awards , Journey won 8 awards , the most honors received of the night ( which includes " Game of the Year " , " Outstanding Innovation in Gaming " , " Casual Game of the Year " , " Outstanding Achievement in Game Direction " , " Outstanding Achievement in Art Direction " , " Outstanding Achievement in Online Gameplay " , " Outstanding Achievement in Original Music Composition " , and " Outstanding Achievement in Sound Design " ) ; it was additionally nominated for " Downloadable Game of the Year " , " Outstanding Achievement in Gameplay Engineering " , and " Outstanding Achievement in Story " . Journey was selected as the best game of the year by IGN and GameSpot , among others . 
 The soundtrack was nominated for the Best Score Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 2013 Grammy Awards , the first video game soundtrack to be nominated for that category , though it did not win . Additionally , the game won the award for best music and was nominated for the best graphics award from IGN , and was selected as the best PlayStation Network game by GameSpot . At the Spike Video Game Awards , Journey won awards as the best PlayStation 3 game , the best indie game , and the game with the best music , and was additionally nominated for game of the year , best downloadable game , best graphics , and best song in a game for " I Was Born For This " . It received the 2013 Annie Award for video game animation . It won five awards at the 2013 British Academy of Film and Television Arts awards : Artistic Achievement , Audio Achievement , Game Design , Online Multiplayer and Original Music , and was nominated for Best Game , Game Innovation and Story . In March 2013 , it won six awards at the annual Game Developers Choice Awards : Best Audio , Best Game Design , Best Visual Arts , Best Downloadable Game , the Innovation Award , and Game of the Year . 
 Journey received high acclaim from critics who praised the visual and auditory art direction as well as the emotional response playing with a stranger created . It received the IGN Best Overall Game Award for 2012 and Ryan Clements of IGN described the game as " the most beautiful game of its time " , saying , " each moment is like a painting , expertly framed and lit " . Jane Douglas of GameSpot concurred , calling it " relentlessly beautiful " and lauding the visual diversity of the world and the depiction of the rippling sand ; Matt Miller of Game Informer added praise for the animation of the sand and creatures , saying the game was visually stunning . The music was also complimented , with Miller describing it as a " breathtaking musical score " and Douglas calling it " moving , dynamic music " . 
 Reviewers were especially pleased with the emotional experience of playing the game , particularly with other players . Christian Donlan of Eurogamer described it as a " non @-@ denominational religious experience " that , with the addition of another player , moves beyond metaphors and becomes a " pilgrimage " to the player . A reviewer writing for Edge magazine said the emotional arc of the game hits with " occasionally startling power " , while Patrick Shaw from Wired said the game made him feel a " wide range of emotions ... wonder , fear , even sadness . " Miller said all three times he played the game , " each time , without fail , individual moments ... managed to give me goosebumps , and those moments have remained on my mind for weeks afterward . " Joel Gregory of PlayStation Official Magazine praised the game 's story for being open to the player 's interpretation , leaving an ambiguity that drew him in . The addition of an unnamed second player was described by Donlan as brilliant and as a " master stroke " , and Edge said it made for " a more absorbing , more atmospheric experience " . 
 The few criticisms for the game centered on its length and pacing . Clements noted that not all players would appreciate a game with a " deliberate , melancholic pace " and short duration , comments echoed by the Edge review . Miller noted the lack of a complex gameplay elements in Journey , and Shaw was disappointed that the game was only a few hours long , though Douglas said the length was perfect . Miller concluded the game could be compared to " a musical concert , a well @-@ directed film , or a long @-@ awaited book " , while Clements concluded , " completing Journey will create memories that last for years . " 
 
 
 = Gold Beach = 
 
 Gold , commonly known as Gold Beach , was the code name for one of the five areas of the Allied invasion of German @-@ occupied France in the Normandy landings on 6 June 1944 , during the Second World War . Gold , the central of the five areas , was located between Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin on the west and La Rivière on the east . High cliffs at the western end of the zone meant that the landings took place on the flat section between Le Hamel and La Rivière , in the sectors code @-@ named Jig and King . Taking Gold was to be the responsibility of the British Army , with sea transport , mine sweeping , and a naval bombardment force provided by the Royal Navy as well as elements from the Dutch , Polish and other Allied navies . 
 The objectives at Gold were to secure a beachhead , move west to capture Arromanches and establish contact with the American forces at Omaha , capture Bayeux and the small port at Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin , and to link up with the Canadian forces at Juno to the east . Forces attacking Gold faced elements of the German 352nd Infantry Division and German 716th Infantry Division . About 2 @,@ 000 men were stationed in the immediate area . Improvements to fortifications along the Normandy coast had been undertaken under the leadership of Generalfeldmarschall Erwin Rommel beginning in October 1943 . 
 On D @-@ Day at Gold , naval bombardment got underway at 05 : 30 , and amphibious landings commenced at 07 : 25 . High winds made conditions difficult for the landing craft , and the amphibious DD tanks were released close to shore or directly on the beach instead of further out as planned . Three of the four guns in a large emplacement at the Longues @-@ sur @-@ Mer battery were disabled by direct hits from the cruisers Ajax and Argonaut at 06 : 20 . The fourth gun resumed firing intermittently in the afternoon , and its garrison surrendered on 7 June . Aerial attacks had failed to hit the Le Hamel strongpoint , which had its embrasure facing east to provide enfilade fire along the beach and had a thick concrete wall on the seaward side . Its 75 mm gun continued to do damage until 16 : 00 , when a modified Armoured Vehicle Royal Engineers ( AVRE ) tank fired a large petard charge into its rear entrance . A second casemated emplacement at La Rivière containing an 88 mm gun was neutralised by a tank at 07 : 30 . 
 Meanwhile , infantry began clearing the heavily fortified houses along the shore and advanced on targets further inland . The British Commandos of No. 47 ( Royal Marine ) Commando advanced on Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin and captured it on 7 June in the Battle of Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin . On the western flank , the 1st Battalion , Hampshire Regiment captured Arromanches ( future site of one of the artificial Mulberry harbours ) , and 69th Infantry Brigade on the eastern flank made contact with the Canadian forces at Juno . Company Sergeant Major Stanley Hollis received the only Victoria Cross awarded on D @-@ Day for his actions while attacking two pillboxes at the Mont Fleury battery . Due to stiff resistance from the German 352nd Infantry Division , Bayeux was not captured until the next day . British casualties at Gold are estimated at 1 @,@ 000 – 1 @,@ 100 . German casualties are unknown . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 
 = = = Operation Overlord = = = 
 
 After the Germans invaded the Soviet Union in June 1941 , Soviet leader Joseph Stalin began pressing for the creation of a second front in Western Europe . The decision to undertake a cross @-@ channel invasion of continental Europe within the next year was taken at the Trident Conference , held in Washington in May 1943 . The Allies initially planned to launch the invasion on 1 May 1944 , and a draft of the plan was accepted at the Quebec Conference in August 1943 . General Dwight D. Eisenhower was appointed commander of Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Force ( SHAEF ) . General Bernard Montgomery was named as commander of the 21st Army Group , which comprised all of the land forces involved in the invasion . 
 On 31 December 1943 , Eisenhower and Montgomery first saw the plan , which proposed amphibious landings by three divisions and two @-@ thirds of an airborne division . The two generals immediately insisted that the scale of the initial invasion be expanded to five divisions , with airborne descents by three divisions , to allow operations on a wider front . The change doubled the frontage of the invasion from 25 miles ( 40 km ) to 50 miles ( 80 km ) . This would allow for quicker offloading of men and materiel , make it more difficult for the Germans to respond , and speed up the capture of the port at Cherbourg . The need to acquire or produce extra landing craft and troop carrier aircraft for the expanded operation meant that the invasion had to be delayed to June . 
 The Americans , assigned to land at Utah and Omaha , were to cut off the Cotentin Peninsula and capture the port facilities at Cherbourg . The British at Sword and Gold , and the Canadians at Juno , were to capture Caen and form a front line from Caumont @-@ l 'Éventé to the south @-@ east of Caen to protect the American flank , while establishing airfields near Caen . Possession of Caen and its surroundings would provide a suitable staging area for a push south to capture the town of Falaise . A secure lodgement would be established and an attempt made to hold all territory north of the Avranches @-@ Falaise line during the first three weeks . The Allied armies would then swing left to advance towards the River Seine . Montgomery envisaged a ninety @-@ day battle , ending when all the forces reached the Seine . 
 
 = = = Allied planning = = = 
 
 Originally , seventeen sectors along the Normandy coastline had been selected as possible invasion sites and each were provided with a code name taken from one of the spelling alphabets of the time . The coast was divided between Able , west of Omaha , to Rodger on the eastern flank of the invasion area . Eight further sectors were added when the planned invasion was extended to include Utah . Each sector was further subdivided into beaches identified by the colours Green , Red , and White . Gold did not refer to a particular beach but to a landing area . It was delineated by Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin on the west and La Rivière on the east , and included Arromanches , location of one of the artificial Mulberry harbours that were to be constructed shortly after the invasion . High cliffs at the western end of the zone meant that the landings would be undertaken on the flat beach between Le Hamel and La Rivière , in the sectors code @-@ named Jig and King . The area immediately behind the beach was marshy , with open ground and bocage ( small fields surrounded by hedges and embankments ) further inland . Roads led to the south via Asnelles and Ver @-@ sur @-@ Mer . The terrain to the south @-@ east rose to a ridge at Meuvaines , where on D @-@ day were located machine gun nests of the German 726th Regiment . 
 The Allied Expeditionary Air Force undertook over 3 @,@ 200 photo reconnaissance sorties from April 1944 until the start of the invasion . Photos of the coastline were taken at extremely low altitude to show the invaders the terrain , obstacles on the beach , and defensive structures such as bunkers and gun emplacements . Inland terrain , bridges , troop emplacements , and buildings were also photographed , in many cases from several angles , to give the Allies as much information as possible . Members of Combined Operations Pilotage Parties clandestinely prepared detailed harbour maps , including depth soundings . At Gold , frogmen discovered the shore between Asnelles and La Rivière was soft and could not support the weight of tanks . Twelve Armoured Vehicle Royal Engineers ( AVREs ) were fitted with bobbins to overcome this problem by deploying a roll of matting over the soft surface . The material would then be left in place to create a route for more conventional tanks . 
 Gold was assigned to the British XXX Corps , with the 50th ( Northumbrian ) Infantry Division – commanded by Major General D.A.H. Graham – allotted as the assault division . It was an experienced division that had already seen combat in France , North Africa , and Sicily . The men underwent extensive training in amphibious landings , including Exercise Fabius , a major training exercise at Hayling Island in May 1944 . Demolition teams responsible for disabling underwater beach obstacles trained in swimming pools in the UK . Briefings were undertaken using detailed maps that used fictitious place names , and most of the men did not find out their destination until they were already on their way to Normandy . The amphibious landing was to be preceded by extensive air bombardment as well as naval bombardment by Bombarding Force K , a task force of eighteen ships , primarily cruisers and destroyers . Amphibious tanks of the 8th Armoured Brigade were to arrive at 07 : 20 , followed by infantry at 07 : 25 . The 231st Brigade was assigned to land at Jig , and 69th Brigade at King . The 231st was to head west to capture Arromanches and establish contact with the American forces at Omaha , while the 69th was to move east and link up with the Canadian forces at Juno . The 47th Royal Marine Commando was assigned to land at Gold , infiltrate inland , and capture the small port at Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin from the landward side . 
 Arriving in the second wave on Jig , 56th Infantry Brigade was to capture Bayeux and a nearby ridge , thus cutting the N13 highway between Caen and Bayeux to make it difficult for the Germans to move in reinforcements . The second wave on King , 151st Infantry Brigade , was tasked with capturing the Caen road and railway , along with setting up positions on high ground between the Aure and Seulles rivers . Other forces involved in the landing included artillery regiments , signals corps , and engineering units . 
 
 = = = German defences = = = 
 
 In late 1943 , Hitler placed Field Marshal Erwin Rommel in charge of improving the coastal defences along the Atlantic Wall in anticipation of an Allied invasion , expected to take place sometime in 1944 . Rommel believed that the Normandy coast could be a possible landing point for the invasion , so he ordered the construction of extensive defensive works along that shore . In the immediate area of Gold , between Le Hamel and La Rivière , seven defensive strongpoints designed to hold 50 men apiece were constructed . Two major concrete @-@ reinforced coastal artillery emplacements ( a battery of four 122 mm guns at Mont Fleury and the Longues @-@ sur @-@ Mer battery , with four 150 mm guns ) were only partially completed by D @-@ Day . Rommel ordered wooden stakes , metal tripods , mines , and large anti @-@ tank obstacles to be placed on the beach to delay the approach of landing craft and impede the movement of tanks . Expecting the Allies to land at high tide so that the infantry would spend less time exposed on the beach , he ordered many of these obstacles to be placed at the high tide mark . Tangles of barbed wire , booby traps , and the removal of ground cover made the approach hazardous for infantry . 
 Hitler gave Rommel command of the newly re @-@ formed Army Group B , which included the 7th Army , the 15th Army , and the forces guarding the Netherlands . Reserves for this group included the 2nd , 21st , and 116th Panzer divisions . Recognizing that Allied air superiority would make it difficult if not impossible to move reserves into position once the invasion was underway , Rommel decided to concentrate the defences along the coast . The 716th Infantry Division , which had been stationed in the area since March 1942 , was significantly understrength , with only 6 @,@ 000 men . This unit received reinforcements , and some of the older men were replaced by younger soldiers . It was also supplemented by several battalions of Osttruppen ( eastern soldiers ) , conscripted Soviet prisoners of war . The 352nd Infantry Division , a full @-@ strength unit of around 12 @,@ 000 , was brought into the area by Rommel on 15 March and reinforced by two additional regiments . About 2 @,@ 000 men , a mixture from the two infantry divisions , were stationed in the coastal area between Arromanches and Asnelles . 
 
 = = Order of battle = = 
 
 
 = = = British forces = = = 
 
 50th ( Northumbrian ) Infantry Division , commanded by Major @-@ General D.A.H. Graham 
 69th Infantry Brigade , commanded by Brigadier F.Y.C. Knox 
 5th Battalion , East Yorkshire Regiment 
 6th Battalion , Green Howards 
 7th Battalion , Green Howards 
 151st Infantry Brigade , commanded by Brigadier R.H. Senior 
 6th Battalion , Durham Light Infantry 
 8th Battalion , Durham Light Infantry 
 9th Battalion , Durham Light Infantry 
 231st Infantry Brigade , commanded by Brigadier A.G.B. Stanier 
 1st Battalion , Dorsetshire Regiment 
 1st Battalion , Hampshire Regiment 
 2nd Battalion , Devonshire Regiment 
 Divisional troops 
 61st Reconnaissance Regiment , Royal Armoured Corps ( RAC ) ( 2 Squadrons ) 
 2nd Battalion , Cheshire Regiment ( machine guns and heavy mortars ) 
 357th , 358th & 465th Batteries , 90th Field Regiment , Royal Artillery ( RA ) ( Self @-@ propelled ) 
 99th & 288th Batteries , 102nd ( Northumberland Hussars ) Anti @-@ Tank Regiment , RA 
 82nd Battery , 25th Light Anti @-@ Aircraft Regiment , RA 
 233rd ( Northumbrian ) Field Company , Royal Engineers ( RE ) 
 295th Field Company , RE 
 505th Field Company , RE 
 235th ( Northumbrian ) Field Park Company , RE ( bulldozers ) 
 50th Divisional Signals , Royal Corps of Signals 
 149th , 186th & 200th Field Ambulances , Royal Army Medical Corps ( RAMC ) 
 22nd Field Hygiene Section , RAMC 
 50th Divisional Provost Company , Royal Military Police ( RMP ) 
 Formations attached for assault phase 
 Elements of 79th Armoured Division 
 Westminster Dragoons ( Flail tanks ) 
 141st Royal Tank Regiment ( The Buffs ) ( Churchill Crocodiles ) ( 2 Troops ) 
 81st & 82nd Assault Squadrons , 6th Assault Regiment , RE ( AVREs ) 
 56th Infantry Brigade , commanded by Brigadier E.C. Pepper 
 2nd Battalion , Essex Regiment 
 2nd Battalion , Gloucestershire Regiment 
 2nd Battalion , South Wales Borderers 
 8th Armoured Brigade , commanded by Brigadier H.J.B. Carcroft 
 4th / 7th Royal Dragoon Guards ( DD Tanks ) 
 Nottinghamshire Yeomanry ( DD Tanks ) 
 76th Anti @-@ Aircraft Brigade , commanded by Brigadier E.R. Benson 
 113th Heavy Anti @-@ Aircraft Regiment , RA ( HQ only ) 
 320th Battery , 93rd Light Anti @-@ Aircraft Regiment , RA 
 394th & 395th Batteries , 120th Light Anti @-@ Aircraft Regiment , RA 
 152nd Anti @-@ Aircraft Operations Room , RA 
 A Troop , 356th ( Independent ) Searchlight Battery , RA 
 Additional units attached for assault phase 
 GHQ Liaison Regiment , RAC ( ' Phantom ' ) 
 341st , 342nd , & 462nd Batteries , 86th ( East Anglian ) ( Hertfordshire Yeomanry ) Field Regiment , RA ( Self @-@ propelled ) 
 413th , 431st & 511th Batteries , 147th ( Essex Yeomanry ) Field Regiment , RA ( Self @-@ propelled ) 
 198th & 234th Batteries , 73rd Anti @-@ Tank Regiment , RA 
 662nd Air Observation Post Squadron , RA ( Ground crew of one flight only ) 
 73rd Field Company , RE 
 280th Field Company , RE 
 203rd Field Ambulance , RAMC 
 168th Light Field Ambulance , RAMC 
 1st Royal Marine Armoured Support Regiment 
 No. 47 ( Royal Marine ) Commando 
 104 Beach Sub @-@ Area HQ 
 9 & 10 Beach Groups and Signal Section 
 69th , 89th , 90th & 183rd Field Companies , RE 
 21st & 23rd Stores Sections , RE 
 51st & 74th Mechanical Equipment Sections , RE 
 1043rd Port Operating Company , RE 
 953rd & 961st Inland Water Transport Companies , RE 
 2nd Battalion , Hertfordshire Regiment 
 6th Battalion , Border Regiment 
 305th , 536th & 705th General Transport Companies , Royal Army Service Corps ( RASC ) 
 2nd & 5th Detail Issue Depots , RASC 
 244th Petrol Dept , RASC 
 3rd & 10th Casualty Clearing Stations , RAMC 
 3rd , 25th , 31st , 32nd & 35th Field Dressing Stations , RAMC 
 Nos 41 , 42 , 47 & 48 Field Surgical Units , RAMC 
 Nos 24 & 30 Field Transfusion Unit , RAMC 
 22nd & 23rd Port Details , RAMC 
 7th , 10th & 36th Ordnance Beach Detachments , Royal Army Ordnance Corps 
 24th & 25th Beach Recovery Sections , Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers ( REME ) 
 XXX Corps Workshop , REME ( 2 Composite Workshops & 1 Light Recovery Section ) 
 240th & 243rd Provost Companies , RMP 
 75th , 173rd , 209th & 280th ( Pioneer ) Companies , Pioneer Corps 
 
 = = = German forces = = = 
 
 From June 1942 , 716th Infantry Division covered the Grandcamps Sector , which stretched from the base of the Cotentin Peninsula to the Orne River near Caen , a distance of 77 kilometres ( 48 mi ) . When 352nd Infantry Division arrived on 15 March , the Grandcamps Sector was split into the Bayeux Sector ( from Carentan to Asnelles ) and the Caen Sector ( from Asnelles to the Orne ) . Most of the 716th Infantry Division remained where they were , and thus the defenses in Caen Sector ( site of the Gold landings ) were not substantially strengthened . 
 352nd Infantry Division under Generalleutnant Dietrich Kraiss915th Grenadier Regiment : south @-@ east of Bayeux , as reserves 
 916th Grenadier Regiment : covered Omaha and the westernmost part of Gold 
 352nd Artillery Regiment : covered Omaha and the westernmost part of Gold 
 716th Static Infantry Division under Generalleutnant Wilhelm Richter726th Infantry Regiment : two battalions in and around Le Hamel . Members of the 441st Ost Battalion garrisoned the coastal defenses . One battalion was stationed near Crépon as reserves . 
 736th Infantry Regiment : covered Juno , Sword , and the easternmost part of Gold 
 1716th Artillery Regiment : mobile and casemated batteries east and west of Crépon 
 
 = = Landings = = 
 
 Bombing of Normandy began around midnight with over 2 @,@ 200 British and American bombers attacking targets along the coast and further inland . At Gold , naval bombardment by Bombarding Force K got underway at 05 : 30 , at which time the first waves of infantry were loading into their Landing Craft Assault ( LCAs ) for the run in to the beach . German defensive positions were attacked by medium and heavy bombers and by self @-@ propelled guns on board the landing craft . Results were good at Mont Fleury Battery and at Longues , where at 07 : 00 Ajax and Argonaut took out of commission three of the four guns . The fourth gun resumed firing sporadically in the afternoon , and the garrison surrendered the following day . Two heavily casemated gun emplacements ( an 88 mm gun at La Rivière overlooking King and a 75 mm gun at Le Hamel overlooking Jig ) were only lightly damaged , as they were heavily reinforced with concrete , especially on the seaward side . These positions had embrasures that permitted a wide range of enfilade fire on the beach . Four other German strong points in the immediate area were also only lightly damaged , and had to be individually assaulted as the day progressed . 
 
 = = = King Sector = = = 
 
 H @-@ Hour for the landing at Gold was set at 07 : 25 on King sector ( 50 minutes later than in the American landings , because of differences in the tide ) . The first wave on King was the 5th East Yorkshires and 6th Green Howards of 69th Brigade , assisted by amphibious DD tanks of the 4th / 7th Dragoon Guards . The 7th Green Howards landed at 08 : 20 . The original plan called for the 38 DD tanks to be launched from their landing craft tank ( LCTs ) about 5 @,@ 000 yards ( 4 @,@ 600 m ) out . Due to extremely choppy seas , they decided to run the tanks directly onto the beach . Infantry , engineers , and DD tanks arrived almost simultaneously . Units disembarking onto the beach immediately came under fire from the casemated 88 mm gun at La Rivière , and the infantry were forced to take cover behind the sea wall . The gun was taken out when a flail tank of the Westminster Dragoons fired a charge directly into its aperture . The 5th East Yorkshires , supported by several tanks , spent the rest of the morning clearing out the heavily fortified houses of La Rivière , at the loss of 90 men , including six officers . 
 Specialised armour arriving in the first wave included AVREs , mine flails , and armoured bulldozers . Clearing paths off the beach proved difficult , as the tanks got stuck in the mud or were taken out by mines . A lone mine flail tank finally cleared a path from the beach up toward the Mont Fleury Battery and Ver @-@ Sur @-@ Mer . This route was used by the Green Howards and tanks of the 4th / 7th Dragoon Guards , who cleared the remaining resistance at the Mont Fleury Battery . B Company moved on to attack trench positions and machine gun emplacements at Meuvaines Ridge , while C Company moved to the west of Ver @-@ Sur @-@ Mer to help cover the assault on Crépon , where roads led to the important targets of Bayeux and Caen . The 7th Green Howards attacked the gun battery at Ver @-@ Sur @-@ Mer , where they took 50 prisoners . Colour Sergeant @-@ Major Stanley Hollis earned the only Victoria Cross to be bestowed for actions on D @-@ Day . On the way to the Mont Fleury Battery , Hollis came under machine gun fire while investigating a pillbox , so he shot into the entrance with his Sten gun and dropped a grenade through the roof , killing most of the occupants . He cleared a nearby trench of enemy soldiers , whereupon the occupants of a second pillbox surrendered . Later in the day , he saved the lives of three men during an attempt to take out a field artillery installation at a farm near Crépon . 
 Scheduled to land at 11 : 00 on Jig , the 56th Infantry Brigade was re @-@ routed King , because the gun battery at Le Hamel was still operational . They proceeded towards their objective of Bayeux . 151st Brigade arrived at the same time and after meeting fierce resistance , they achieved their objective of controlling the road and railway between Bayeux and Caen . 56th Brigade made slow progress and had to dig in for the night some distance from Bayeux . 69th Brigade secured the eastern flank and by nightfall made contact with the Canadian forces on Juno . 
 
 = = = Jig Sector = = = 
 
 At Jig , the first wave of infantry ( the 1st Dorsetshires and 1st Hampshires of the 231st Infantry Brigade ) arrived at 07 : 25 , and immediately came under fire from the casemated 75 mm gun at Le Hamel . Due to navigation errors and the strong current , both groups came ashore well to the east of their intended landing points . The DD tank and Royal Marine Centaur tanks that were supposed to arrive in advance of the landing were delayed by rough seas and did not arrive until 08 : 00 . Many of the tanks got bogged down on the beach or were taken out by enemy fire . The tide came in quicker than expected , before many of the beach obstacles and mines were cleared , and some of the landing craft were damaged as a result . Two companies of the 1st Hampshires landed very close to the strong point at Le Hamel , and had to fight inland through enemy garrisons to get off the beach . Attempts to flank Le Hamel were made difficult by the surrounding machine gun placements , mines , and barbed wire . Elements of the 1st Hampshires captured the German strongpoint WN @-@ 36 at the eastern edge of the village of Asnelles . When they turned west to move along the beach towards their primary objective at Le Hamel , they came under heavy fire and had to break off the attack . Major Warren , in charge after the commanding officer Lieutenant Colonel Nelson Smith was wounded , decided that the troops would have to circle around and attack the emplacement from the rear , a process that took several hours . The troops began to have some success around 15 : 00 with the arrival of an AVRE tank of 82nd Assault Squadron . The tank fired two petards into the sanatorium , where most of the defenders were located . The German soldiers fled into fortified houses in Le Hamel and Asnelles , and were taken out in house @-@ to @-@ house combat . Few surrendered . The 75 mm gun was finally silenced at 16 : 00 , when the AVRE tank fired a large petard charge into the rear entrance of the casemate . C / A Company , 1st Hampshires and the AVRE tank proceeded west along the beach and took out strongpoint WN @-@ 38 at La Fontaine St Côme , taking 20 prisoners . Still further west , D Company captured strong point WN @-@ 39 at the Arromanches radar station , capturing 30 more defenders . 
 The 2nd Devons arrived at 08 : 15 , while the beach was still under heavy fire . One company stayed to help with the assault on Le Hamel , while the rest moved to capture the village of Ryes astride the road to Bayeux . Ryes was captured at around 16 : 30 . The 1st Dorsets attacked a German position on the beach at La Cabane des Douanes and headed inland to arc westward toward the high ground south of Arromanches . They cleared enemy positions at Le Bulot and Puits d 'Hérode , and arrived at their destination late in the morning . Joined by elements of the 1st Hampshires and covered by indirect fire from the naval forces offshore , they took Arromanches late in the afternoon . 
 
 = = = 47th Commando = = = 
 
 The 47th Royal Marine Commando was assigned to capture the small harbour at Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin , on the boundary with Omaha , about 7 miles ( 11 km ) west of Arromanches and 8 miles ( 13 km ) from their landing point at Jig . The commanding officer , Lieutenant @-@ Colonel C. F. Phillips , opted to attack from the south , as the site was well protected on the seaward side . The force of 420 men consisted of five troops of 63 men , a mortar and machine gun troop , a transport group with four tracked vehicles , and a headquarters group . The plan was to land at Gold at 09 : 25 , assemble at La Rosière , and move cross @-@ country to a ridge ( designated as Point 72 ) south of Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin , arriving at around 13 : 00 . Here they would call for indirect fire from the supporting vessels at sea and then move in to capture the town . 
 In rough seas and under enemy fire , the commandos began disembarking at Jig , some distance east of their intended position , at 09 : 50 . Five of their LCAs were sunk by beach obstacles or enemy fire , at the cost of 76 casualties . Major P. M. Donnell temporarily took charge until Phillips and some others who had got separated from the unit rejoined the group at 14 : 00 along the Meuvaines – Le Carrefour road . The commando took additional casualties in several skirmishes , including at La Rosière , on the way to Point 72 . They did not arrive there until 22 : 30 , too late to launch an attack , so they dug in for the night . The town and port were captured in the battle of Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin on 7 – 8 June 1944 . 
 
 = = = German response = = = 
 
 As the Luftwaffe meteorological centre in Paris had predicted two weeks of stormy weather , some Wehrmacht commanders were away from the front attending war games in Rennes , and many soldiers had been given leave . On D @-@ Day , Rommel was in Germany for his wife 's birthday and a meeting with Hitler to try to get more Panzers . The 352nd and 716th Divisions were placed on high alert after the Allied airborne landings , which had taken just after midnight behind Utah and Sword . The 2 @,@ 700 @-@ strong Kampfgruppe Meyer , near Bayeux as the divisional reserve , was sent to investigate the parachute drops behind Utah . Marcks recalled them when dawn broke and the scope of the invasion became apparent . One battalion was ordered to reinforce the German efforts at Omaha . The remainder were ordered to rendezvous with reinforcements at Villiers le Sec , 7 @.@ 5 miles ( 12 @.@ 1 km ) east of Bayeux , to launch a counter @-@ attack . Fired upon by Allied air forces , the column finally arrived in the late afternoon , at which time they were met by elements of the 69th Brigade . The British lost four tanks in the ensuing engagement but the Kampfgruppe was almost completely wiped out . Meyer was killed , and his detailed maps of German coastal emplacements fell into British hands . 
 Because Allied air superiority meant it would be difficult for the Germans to move up their reserves , Rommel believed that their best chance was to stop the invasion at the shore . The scope of the invasion meant that once these coastal defences were defeated and the troops scattered , it was difficult to defend territory inland or launch counter @-@ attacks . At 22 : 33 , Kraiss ordered the 352nd Division to create a defensive line north of Bayeux but this proved impossible , as most of the territory involved was already in British hands and all the defending units had taken serious losses . The Luftwaffe played only a minor role on D @-@ Day . At Gold , several small groups of bombers that arrived at sunset caused Allied casualties at Le Hamel and damaged a road near Ver @-@ sur @-@ Mer . At 06 : 00 on 7 June , the operations room of HMS Bulolo , offshore near Gold , was damaged by a bomber attack , but the ship was able to remain on station . The unit responsible was likely II . / Kampfgeschwader 40 ( KG 40 — Bomber Wing 40 ) . Under the command of Fliegerführer Atlantik ( Flyer Command Atlantic ) , it was based at Bordeaux – Merignac . On the evening of the 6 / 7 June 1944 , 26 Heinkel He 177 heavy bombers equipped with Henschel Hs 293 anti @-@ ship guided missiles attacked shipping over Normandy , included the Gold area . II . / KG 40 lost 13 aircraft to all causes during the attack . 
 The 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler were released before midnight from the OKW reserve and ordered to counter @-@ attack between Bayeux and the Orne , supplemented by 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend and Panzer Lehr Division ; the armoured divisions began arriving on 8 June . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 
 = = = Analysis = = = 
 
 Pockets of German resistance remained throughout the beachhead area and the British were stopped about 3 @.@ 7 miles ( 6 @.@ 0 km ) short of their D @-@ Day objectives . Bayeux , a primary D @-@ Day objective for 50th Division , was captured on 7 June . By the end of D @-@ Day , the 50th Division had lost around 700 men . Total casualties , from all units involved in operations at Gold , were in the region of 1 @,@ 000 – 1 @,@ 100 casualties , of which 350 were killed . German losses are unknown ; at least 1 @,@ 000 were captured . 
 
 = = = Gold Beach after 6 June = = = 
 
 By the end of D @-@ Day , 24 @,@ 970 men had been landed at Gold Beach , along with 2 @,@ 100 vehicles and 1 @,@ 000 long tons ( 1 @,@ 000 t ) of supplies . The follow @-@ up landings were slowed by the loss of 34 LCTs and the bad weather . The 24th Lancers and 61st Reconnaissance Regiment , due to land on D @-@ Day to help spearhead the drive towards Villers @-@ Bocage , were unable to put ashore until 7 June . In 2004 Trew wrote that the delay 
 effectively ruled out any chance of a thrust south ... [ and ] ... represented a major blow to Second Army 's intentions and Montgomery 's plan . 
 The 7th Armoured Division and the 49th ( West Riding ) Infantry Division were the follow @-@ up divisions of XXX Corps . The 22nd Armoured Brigade ( the armoured component of the 7th Armoured Division ) was scheduled to land during the evening of 6 June , but it was unable to land until the next day . The bulk of the division landed from 9 – 10 June , with some elements landing later . The 49th Division came ashore on 12 June . 
 The first components of the Mulberry harbours were brought across the Channel on D + 1 and the structures were in use for unloading by mid @-@ June . One was constructed at Arromanches by British forces , the other at Omaha by American forces . A severe storm on 19 June destroyed the Omaha harbour . The Arromanches harbour was repaired and remained in use for the next ten months , with a maximum capacity of 7 @,@ 000 long tons ( 7 @,@ 100 t ) of stores per day . Of the British supplies landed in Normandy by the end of August , 35 % arrived via the Mulberry harbour and 15 % came in via the small harbours at Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin and Courseulles @-@ sur @-@ Mer . Most shipments were brought in over the beaches until the port of Cherbourg was cleared of mines and obstructions on 16 July . The most important use of the Mulberry harbour was the unloading of heavy machinery that could not be brought across the beaches . Artificial breakwaters ( Gooseberries ) sheltered hundreds of ships during the storm of 17 – 23 June , and provided shelter for craft unloading stores at Juno and Sword . A joint Anglo @-@ American oil depot was constructed at Port @-@ en @-@ Bessin , fed via buoyed pipes known as " Tombola " from oil tankers moored offshore . Using this method , 175 @,@ 000 long tons ( 178 @,@ 000 t ) of petrol ( half for the Second Army ) was delivered by the end of August , by which time the underwater pipelines constructed in Operation Pluto were ready . 
 
 = = = Subsequent operations = = = 
 
 Fighting in the Caen area versus the 21st Panzer , the 12th SS Panzer Division Hitlerjugend , and other units soon reached a stalemate . Operation Perch ( 7 – 14 June ) failed to take Caen , and the British were forced to withdraw to Tilly @-@ sur @-@ Seulles . After a delay because of storms during 17 – 23 June , Operation Epsom was launched on 26 June , an attempt by VIII Corps to swing around and attack Caen from the south @-@ west and establish a bridgehead south of the Odon . Although the operation failed to take Caen , the Germans suffered heavy tank losses and had committed every available Panzer unit to the operation . Caen was severely bombed on the night of 7 July and then occupied north of the River Orne in Operation Charnwood on 8 – 9 July . Two offensives during 18 – 21 July , Operation Atlantic and Operation Goodwood , captured the rest of Caen and the high ground to the south , but by then the city was nearly destroyed . 
 
 = = Tourism = = 
 
 The site of the Normandy landings is a popular tourist destination . The battery at Longues @-@ sur @-@ Mer is well preserved , and its observation bunker houses a visitor centre . The gun emplacements at Le Hamel and La Rivière still exist , but many other batteries and defensive positions have been allowed to decay . Bayeux is home to the Musée Mémorial de la Bataille de Normandie and the Bayeux Commonwealth War Graves Commission Cemetery . La Cambe German war cemetery is also near Bayeux . At Arromanches , many elements of the Mulberry Harbour are extant and a museum examines its construction and use . The radar station is the site of a visitor centre and theatre . 
 
 
 = Tautiška giesmė = 
 
 Tautiška giesmė ( The National Hymn ) is the national anthem of Lithuania , also known by its opening words " Lietuva , Tėvyne mūsų " ( official translation of the lyrics : " Lithuania , Our Homeland " , literally : " Lithuania , Our Fatherland " ) and as " Lietuvos himnas " ( Hymn of Lithuania ) . The music and lyrics were written in 1898 by Vincas Kudirka , when Lithuania was still part of the Russian Empire . The fifty @-@ word poem was a condensation of Kudirka 's conceptions of the Lithuanian state , the Lithuanian people , and their past . Shortly before his death in 1899 , the anthem was performed for Lithuanians living in Saint Petersburg , Russia . 
 The first public Lithuanian performance of the anthem took place in Vilnius in 1905 , and it became the official national anthem in 1919 , a year after Lithuania declared its independence . Following the occupation and annexation of Lithuania by the Soviet Union in 1940 , the anthem was forbidden to be played or sung in public . 
 " Tautiška giesmė " was reinstated in 1989 shortly before the reestablishment of Lithuanian independence and confirmed in the National Anthem Act ( 21 October 1991 ) . It was automatically included as the national anthem in 1992 , when the new Constitution was ratified after independence from the Soviet Union was achieved . The status of " Tautiška giesmė " as the National Anthem of Lithuania was further confirmed in 1999 with the passage of a national law stating that . 
 
 = = Creation = = 
 
 At the time when the poem Lietuva , Tėvyne mūsų was written , Lithuania was part of the Russian Empire . Kudirka , a medical student at the University of Warsaw , was writing as a columnist for the newspaper Varpas ( The Bell ) . In his Varpas columns , Kudirka urged Lithuanians to take pride in their heritage , discussed the problems the Russian Government was causing the Lithuanian population , and denounced those who wished to work for the Tsarist autocracy . In the course of writing for Varpas , he wrote down his thoughts on what Lithuania was and what it should be , resulting in the fifty @-@ word poem Lietuva , Tėvynė mūsų ( " Lithuania , Our Homeland " ) . 
 The poem described the heroic past of Lithuania and exhorted its people to care for the land , care for humanity , and live in honor . Kudirka also urged the country to become a source of enlightenment and virtue . Without a melody , Kudirka took the time to compose the music just before dying of tuberculosis . Both the melody and the lyrics were printed in Varpas in September 1898 . Upon his death in 1899 , Kudirka 's tomb was engraved with the second stanza of the anthem ( later destroyed by the authorities ) . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Before Kudirka 's death , the first performance of the poem occurred at a concert in St. Petersburg , Russia in 1899 . The concert was conducted by Česlovas Sasnauskas and was attended by Lithuanians , which St. Petersburg had the largest population of at that time . The anthem was first performed in Lithuania during the Great Seimas of Vilnius on December 3 , 1905 . 
 When Lithuania declared its independence from Russia in 1918 , the song was declared the national anthem . It held this status until Lithuania was annexed into the Soviet Union during World War II . During the interwar period , there had been suggestions to modify the words to include a reference to God . It was decided , in Kudirka 's memory , that the lyrics should remain as he had written them . 
 Immediately following the Soviet occupation of Lithuania , The Internationale replaced the Tautiška giesmė . When in 1944 ' The Internationale ' have been replaced by State Anthem of the Soviet Union in Soviet Union as official anthem , Tautiška giesmė was used as official anthem for the Lithuanian Soviet Socialist Republic . An alternate anthem was created and introduced in 1950 . The music for that piece was composed by Balys Dvarionas and Jonas Švedas , and the words were written originally by Antanas Venclova . Following Stalin 's death in 1953 , its lyrics were modified by Vacys Reimeris to remove reference to the former dictator . This anthem stated that Lenin had lit the path to freedom , helped by the Russian people , and exhorted the Lithuanian people to work with peoples of the other Soviet Republics . The anthem was confirmed in Article 169 of the 1978 Constitution of the Lithuanian SSR . The song continued to be used until Lithuania broke away from the Soviet Union . Already in 1988 , the Tautiška giesmė was suggested as a replacement for the Soviet Lithuanian anthem . After preliminary approval by the Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR and successive legislative bodies , its status as the national anthem was reconfirmed in 1992 . In that year , the Constitution of Lithuania was approved ; Article 19 of the document states that Tautiška giesmė will be the national anthem of Lithuania . The last law in relation to the national anthem was passed in 1999 ; it contained the official lyrics and protocol on how and when to play the anthem . 
 
 = = 1999 law = = 
 
 Signed into law by President Valdas Adamkus on June 9 , 1999 , the " Law on the National Anthem of the Republic of Lithuania " details when and where the national anthem is played and its performance protocols . 
 Article 2 of the law states that the anthem is to be played at the following occasions : At the beginning or ending of solemn sessions of the Seimas , on national holidays and memorial days , and at receptions and farewells of foreign heads of state on official visits to Lithuania — but only after the anthem of the foreign country has been played . 
 It is played in foreign countries to represent Lithuania , according to their own diplomatic protocols ; on national holidays and other days when the Flag of Lithuania is raised by order of the government ; when the flag is raised during public events sponsored by governmental institutions , business , and organizations ; and at the beginning and end of National Radio programming . The anthem may also be played at other occasions , such as sporting competitions . 
 When playing the anthem , the music may be either live or recorded . The anthem may be performed with a choir , an orchestra , a military band , or a combination of the latter two . Article 4 , section 2 , states that all participants are encouraged to sing the national anthem . When the anthem is played , all civilians are asked to stand in a gesture of respect to the anthem . If employees of national defense , police , and other military or military @-@ related organizations are present , they must respect the anthem in a way prescribed by their statutes . The anthem cannot be used as background music , purposes of advertisement , or for entertainment , such as karaoke . Public disrespect of the anthem may be punishable by law . 
 
 = = Lyrics = = 
 
 
 
 = Crosby Garrett Helmet = 
 
 The Crosby Garrett Helmet is a copper alloy Roman cavalry helmet dating from the late 2nd or early 3rd century AD . It was found by an unnamed metal detectorist near Crosby Garrett in Cumbria , England , in May 2010 . Later investigations found that a Romano @-@ British farming settlement had occupied the site where the helmet was discovered , which was located a few miles away from a Roman road and a Roman army fort . It is possible that the owner of the helmet was a local inhabitant who had served with the Roman cavalry . 
 The helmet appears to have been deliberately folded up and deposited in an artificial stone structure . It is thought to have been used for ceremonial occasions rather than for combat , and may already have been an antique by the time it was buried . It is of the same type as the Newstead Helmet ( found in 1905 ) and its design also has similarities with the Ribchester Helmet ( found in 1796 ) and the Hallaton Helmet ( found in 2000 ) , though its facial features are more akin to those of helmets found in southern Europe . Its design may allude to the Trojans , whose exploits the Romans re @-@ enacted in cavalry tournaments . 
 Dr Ralph Jackson , Senior Curator of Romano @-@ British Collections at the British Museum , has described the helmet as " ... an immensely interesting and outstandingly important find ... Its face mask is both extremely finely wrought and chillingly striking , but it is as an ensemble that the helmet is so exceptional and , in its specifics , unparalleled . It is a find of the greatest national ( and , indeed , international ) significance . " 
 On 7 October 2010 , the helmet was sold at Christie 's for £ 2 @.@ 3 million ( US $ 3 @.@ 6 million ) to an undisclosed private buyer . Tullie House Museum and Art Gallery in Carlisle sought to purchase the helmet , with the support of the British Museum but was outbid . The helmet has so far been publicly displayed twice , once in a 2012 exhibition at the Royal Academy of Arts , and again at Tullie House in 2013 @-@ 14 . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The Crosby Garrett helmet is an almost complete example of a two @-@ piece Roman cavalry helmet . The visor portrays the face of a youthful , clean @-@ shaven male with curly hair . The headpiece is in the shape of a Phrygian cap , on the crest of which is a winged griffin that stands with one raised foot resting on an amphora . The visor was originally attached to the headpiece by means of a hinge ; the iron hinge pin has not survived , but its existence has been inferred from the presence of powdery deposits of iron oxide residue . The helmet would have been held in place using a leather strap attached from the wearer 's neck to a decorated rivet on either side of the helmet , below the ear . Wear marks caused by opening and closing the visor are still visible , and at some point the helmet was repaired using a bronze sheet which was riveted across two splits . Only two other Roman helmets complete with visors have been found in Britain – the Newstead Helmet and Ribchester Helmet . 
 The helmet and visor were cast from an alloy consisting of an average of 82 % copper , 10 % zinc and 8 % tin . This alloy was probably derived from melted @-@ down scrap brass with a low zinc content , with which some tin had been added to improve the quality of the casting . Some of the fragments show traces of a white metal coating , indicating that the visor would originally have been tinned to give the appearance of silver . The griffin was cast separately from a different alloy consisting of 68 % copper , 4 % zinc , 18 % tin and 10 % lead . The visor would originally have been a silver hue and the helmet would have had a coppery yellow appearance . The helmet 's creation can be dated to the late 2nd or early 3rd century from the use of a particular type of decorated rivet as well as some of its design features , such as its pierced eyes . 
 There has been much debate about the symbolic meaning of the helmet 's design . The griffin was the companion of Nemesis , the goddess of vengeance and fate . They were both seen as agents of death and were often linked with gladiatorial combat . The meaning of the face and headpiece are less clearly identifiable . Suggestions have ranged from the Greek god Attis and the hero Perseus , to the Roman gods Mithras and Jupiter Dolichenus , to a more general Eastern Mediterranean appearance that could possibly have been meant to suggest a Trojan identity . The Phrygian cap was often used by the Romans as a visual motif representing the Trojans . 
 
 = = Discovery and restoration = = 
 
 The helmet and visor were found in May 2010 in pastureland on a farm owned by Eric Robinson at Crosby Garrett in Cumbria . The finder , an unnamed metal detectorist in his 20s from Peterlee , County Durham , had been detecting with his father in two adjacent fields for some years but had previously only discovered some Roman coins and other small artefacts . The findspot is situated not far from a Roman road . A number of earthworks are located nearby , indicating the presence of a previously unrecorded ancient settlement . The area was strategically placed on the route to the northern frontier of Roman Britain within the territory of the Carvetii tribe . The Roman army would have been present in the area and would certainly have used the nearby road . A Roman auxiliary fort stood only 9 kilometres ( 5 @.@ 6 mi ) to the north @-@ east at Verterae ( Brough Castle ) . 
 Following the helmet 's discovery , the area around the findspot was investigated in a project sponsored by the Tullie House Museum and Art Gallery and the Portable Antiquities Scheme . The earthworks noted earlier were found to be part of a substantial enclosure surrounded by ditches , within which buildings had once stood . The enclosure , which measures as much as 500 metres ( 1 @,@ 600 ft ) long on its southern side , combines both native British and Roman methods of fortification . A sunken area within the enclosure may possibly have served as a paddock for horses , while the evidence for the buildings is concentrated in the enclosure 's northern portion . The remnants of Romano @-@ British field systems in the surrounding area show that the area was under cultivation and animal remains found on the site indicate that the inhabitants also raised livestock , including sheep , goats and pigs . The presence of Roman pottery suggests that the inhabitants had adopted some elements of the Roman lifestyle , but their community may well have been there long before the Romans arrived . Archaeological evidence from the enclosure indicates that the site may have been first settled as far back as the Bronze Age , at least 1 @,@ 000 years before the helmet was deposited . 
 The finder discovered the helmet and visor buried together some 25 cm ( 10 in ) below the surface , at a site located on a ledge at the lower end of the settlement . It had been placed onto two stone slabs at the bottom of a hole which had been back @-@ filled with soil . A stone cap had been laid on top . The helmet was found in 33 large fragments and 34 small fragments and had apparently been folded before burial . The visor was mostly intact and had been placed face down . The griffin had become detached and was found with the helmet . No other artefacts were found at the time , but the subsequent Tullie House / PAS excavations at the findspot discovered a number of copper and iron objects , a bead and two Roman coins dating to between 330 @-@ 337 . The coins were found within the artificial stone feature in which the helmet had been deposited and may have been buried at the same time . 
 The finder did not initially realise that he had found a Roman artefact and thought at first that it was a Victorian ornament . He eventually identified it as Roman by consulting auction catalogues , searching the Internet and getting advice from dealers . Find Liaison Officers from the Portable Antiquities Scheme were notified of the discovery and visited the findspot along with the finder . Christie 's commissioned Darren Bradbury , an independent conservator and restorer , to restore the helmet and visor for sale . Although Christie 's was asked to delay the restoration so that a full scientific examination could be carried out , this request was not granted and information about the helmet 's burial may have been lost as a result . However , the British Museum was able to inspect the find during restoration and X @-@ ray fluorescence spectrometry was carried out to determine the composition of the headpiece , visor and griffin . Bradbury 's restoration work took some 240 hours and involved the repair of cracks and holes using resin and cyanoacrylate , retouched to match the appearance of the surrounding material . 
 
 = = Similarities and usage = = 
 
 The helmet and visor have marked similarities to a number of other Roman cavalry helmets . The visor is a cavalry sports type C ( H. Russell Robinson classification ) or type V ( Maria Kohlert classification ) . Similar examples have been found across the Roman Empire from Britain to Syria . It is of the same type as the Newstead Helmet , found in Scotland in 1905 , and its facial features most closely parallel a helmet that was found at Nola in Italy and is now in the British Museum . The rendering of the hair is similar to that of a type C helmet found at Belgrade in Serbia and dated to the 2nd century AD . The griffin ornament is unique , though it may parallel a lost " sphinx of bronze " that may originally have been attached to the crest of the Ribchester Helmet , discovered in Lancashire in 1796 . The headpiece is nearly unique ; only one other example in the form of a Phrygian cap has been found , in a fragmentary state , at Ostrov in Romania , dated to the second half of the 2nd century AD . Rings on the back of the helmet and on the griffin may have been used to attach colourful streamers or ribbons . 
 Such helmets were used for hippika gymnasia , cavalry tournaments that were performed in front of emperors and senior commanders . Horses and riders wore lavishly decorated clothes , armour and plumes while performing feats of horsemanship and re @-@ enacting historical and legendary battles , such as the wars of the Greeks and Trojans . According to the Roman writer Arrian : 
 [ T ] hose of high rank or superior in horsemanship wear gilded helmets of iron or bronze to draw the attention of the spectators . Unlike the helmets made for active service , these do not cover the head and cheeks only but are made to fit all round the faces of the riders with apertures for the eyes . . . From the helmets hang yellow plumes , a matter of décor as much as utility . As the horses move forward , the slightest breeze adds to the beauty of these plumes . — Arrian , Ars Tactica 34 
 Combat gear was issued by and belonged to the Roman army , and had to be returned at the end of a wearer 's service . Cavalry sports equipment appears to have been treated differently , as soldiers apparently privately commissioned and purchased it for their own use . They evidently retained it after they completed their service . Both helmets and visors have been found in graves and other contexts away from obvious military sites , as well as being deposited in forts and their vicinity . In some cases they were carefully folded up and buried , as in the case of the Guisborough Helmet . The Dutch historian Johan Nicolay has identified a " lifecycle " for Roman military equipment in which ex @-@ soldiers took certain items home with them as a reminder of their service and occasionally disposed of them away from garrison sites as grave goods or votive offerings . 
 The circumstances in which the Crosby Garret helmet was buried are still unclear , but the discoveries made by the post @-@ discovery Tullie House / PAS excavations have provided much more detail about its context . It was clearly deposited within an artificial feature that had been specially constructed ; Stuart Noon of the Museum of Lancashire suggests that the feature may have been intended as a memorial of some sort . It was not buried in an isolated spot but within a long @-@ occupied Romano @-@ British farming settlement that had clearly adopted aspects of Roman culture . Given the settlement 's proximity to Roman military locations , it is very possible that some of its inhabitants served with the Roman army , which often recruited mounted auxiliaries from among native peoples . The helmet may well already have been a valuable antique at the time of its burial ; if the coins found nearby reflect when it was buried , it could have been over a century old by the time it was deposited . It was deliberately broken before being buried in what may have been intended as a ritual sacrifice . The identity of its owner will never be known , but it could have been that a local inhabitant who had formerly served with the Roman cavalry was responsible for the helmet 's deposition . 
 
 = = Auction and controversy = = 
 
 Although the find was reported under the Portable Antiquities Scheme , it was not declared treasure under the 1996 Treasure Act because single items of non @-@ precious metal are not covered by the act . The finder and landowner were thus free to dispose of the helmet as they saw fit . The discovery was publicly announced by Christie 's in mid @-@ September 2010 ; the helmet was the centrepiece of its 7 October auction catalogue , featuring on the cover and six more pages . Its value was put at £ 200 @,@ 000 – £ 300 @,@ 000 ( $ 309 @,@ 200 – $ 463 @,@ 800 ) . The Tullie House Museum and Art Gallery launched an appeal with the aim of purchasing the helmet and making it the focus of a new Roman frontier gallery due to open in 2011 . The campaign immediately attracted numerous donations , including £ 50 @,@ 000 from an anonymous overseas benefactor who offered the sum if a matching sum could be raised by the public ( it was ) ; a £ 1 million offer from the National Heritage Memorial Fund ; a £ 300 @,@ 000 pledge from the Headley Trust and the Monument Trust ; £ 200 @,@ 000 from the Art Fund ; and £ 75 @,@ 000 from the J Paul Getty Jr Charitable Trust . By the time of the auction three and a half weeks after the campaign had been launched , the museum had raised enough money to support a bid of up to £ 1 @.@ 7 million . Behind the scenes , efforts were made to persuade the finder and landowner to agree a private sale with the museum , but these approaches failed . 
 The initial estimate was passed within seconds of the auction opening . Six bidders pushed the price towards a million pounds and Tullie House was forced to drop out at £ 1 @.@ 7 million . Two remaining bidders took the bid past £ 2 million ; the winning bidder , an anonymous UK resident and fine art collector bidding by phone , paid a total of £ 2 @,@ 330 @,@ 468 @.@ 75 including the buyer 's premium and VAT . The outcome aroused controversy and prompted calls for the Treasure Act to be revised , though British Archaeology noted that the circumstances of the helmet 's discovery may have resulted in it being outside the scope of even a revised act . It is still possible that the helmet could come into public ownership ; if the winning bidder wishes to export it , an export licence would have to be applied for and if a temporary export bar was placed on it an opportunity could arise for funds to be raised by a public institution to purchase the helmet . 
 
 = = Display = = 
 
 Since its sale in 2010 , the helmet been on public display three times . It was lent by its owner to the Royal Academy of Arts in London , and was put on display from 15 September to 9 December 2012 as part of an exhibition of bronzes . From 1 November 2013 until 26 January 2014 the helmet was on display at the Tullie House Museum and Art Gallery in Carlisle , and a printed guide was produced for the occasion . It was subsequently displayed at the British Museum from 28 January to 27 April 2014 . 
 
 
 = Liu Kang = 
 
 Liu Kang ( Chinese : 劉鋼 ; pinyin : Liúgāng ) is a fictional character from the Mortal Kombat fighting game series from Midway Games , introduced as one of the original seven player characters in the 1992 first game as a Shaolin monk who enters the Mortal Kombat tournament to save Earthrealm ( Earth ) . Since his victory in the tournament , Liu Kang becomes the Mortal Kombat series ' hero as the champion and chief defender of Earthrealm guided by his mentor , the thunder god Raiden . He also becomes romantically involved with Princess Kitana , the adopted daughter of evil Outworld emperor named Shao Kahn . 
 Designed with special moves intended to be easier to perform than the moves of other characters , Liu Kang has appeared in many of the Mortal Kombat fighting installments , in addition to starring with Kung Lao as the title characters of the action @-@ adventure game Mortal Kombat : Shaolin Monks , and being among the eleven series characters representing the franchise in the crossover game Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe . Liu Kang has extensively featured in alternate Mortal Kombat media and official merchandise , serving as the primary protagonist of the two feature @-@ length films and the Malibu Comics comic book adaptations , in addition to supporting roles in other media such as the 1995 Mortal Kombat novel and the animated series Mortal Kombat : Defenders of the Realm . Critical and general reception of the character has been mainly favorable , although various aspects have been criticized . 
 
 = = Appearances = = 
 
 
 = = = In video games = = = 
 
 Introduced in the first Mortal Kombat game as a Chinese Shaolin Kung Fu fighting monk , Liu Kang 's main fighting style is Jeet Kune Do and he has experience with Kung Fu . He enters the tenth Mortal Kombat tournament in order to protect Earthrealm from being destroyed after having lost the previous nine tournaments . He defeats Grand Champion Goro and the tournament host , the nefarious sorcerer Shang Tsung , and emerges as the new Mortal Kombat champion . In the 1993 sequel Mortal Kombat II , Liu Kang finds many of his Shaolin brethren killed in a vicious attack by a horde of nomadic mutants led by Baraka under orders from the evil Outworld emperor Shao Kahn , Shang Tsung 's master . Enraged , Liu Kang decides to travel to Outworld to seek revenge , backed by friend and fellow Shaolin Kung Lao . At the tournament , Liu Kang fights Shao Kahn , eventually overpowering the emperor . In Mortal Kombat 3 ( 1995 ) , Liu Kang and his friends fight against Shao Kahn 's extermination squad which invaded Earthrealm . He once again defeats Shao Kahn , causing him and his forces to retreat back to Outworld . 
 In the events of Mortal Kombat 4 ( 1997 ) , Liu Kang discovers that his lover and ally , Princess Kitana , has been captured by the disgraced Elder God Shinnok 's forces , and begins gathering Earth 's warriors to defeat him . Liu Kang confronts Shinnok and once again emerges victorious with Kitana and her people having survived to the attack , but he is unable to commit himself to a relationship due to his duty as Earthrealm 's champion while Kitana has to remain in Outworld to rule her kingdom . 
 Liu Kang becomes unplayable for the first and only time in the Mortal Kombat series in 2002 's Mortal Kombat : Deadly Alliance , in which the titular partnership of Shang Tsung and fellow sorcerer Quan Chi join forces to kill him in the game 's introductory sequence . In the events of Mortal Kombat : Deception ( 2004 ) , an unknown party reanimates Liu Kang 's corpse and sends it on a murderous rampage , causing Liu Kang 's soul to attempt to control it . He returns as a playable character in this game , albeit in undead form and as a secret character that can only be unlocked by completing the game 's Konquest Mode . His spirit enlists the reformed ninja Ermac to try to save Kitana and his Earthrealm allies — Johnny Cage , Jax , Sonya and Kung Lao — who had all been killed by the Deadly Alliance and then resurrected by the Dragon King Onaga for use as his slaves . Though they successfully accomplish this task , Liu Kang is still unable to fully regain control of his body in Mortal Kombat : Armageddon ( 2006 ) , where he is playable along with the entire series roster and in which it is revealed that Raiden had revived Liu Kang 's corpse in Deception . Liu Kang 's bond with Kitana had succeeded in keeping his power in check , with Nightwolf then assuming her position as Liu Kang 's " spiritual anchor " in attempt to find a way to reunite his body and soul , which he accomplishes in his ending . Liu Kang was among the many characters who were not given a biography for Armageddon , while in his own noncanonical in @-@ game ending , his body and soul reunite on their own before he confronts Raiden and defeats him in combat to become Earthrealm 's new protector . 
 Along with Kung Lao , Liu Kang is the lead character in the 2005 spinoff action @-@ adventure game Mortal Kombat : Shaolin Monks . The game is a retelling of the storyline of the events leading up to Mortal Kombat II , and features the two Shaolin monks traveling to Outworld to find and defeat Shang Tsung , later ending in a fight with Shao Kahn and rescuing Kitana along the way . He is among the eleven characters representing the Mortal Kombat franchise in the 2008 crossover title Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe , which features fights between characters from the Mortal Kombat and the DC Comics universes . In this game , Liu Kang appears as the protagonist of the first chapter of the Mortal Kombat story mode . Tobias said that the fight he expected to see in the game was between Liu Kang and Batman as he noted their back @-@ stories to be very similar , due to fact , both Liu Kang and Batman are fought in Raiden and Superman 's chapters respectively , trying to snap their rage influenced respective leaders back to their sense from killing the leader 's respective arch @-@ enemies , Lex Luthor and Shang Tsung , reminding them that Dark Kahn is their true enemy . 
 In the 2011 Mortal Kombat reboot video game , Liu Kang reprises his role from the first three tournaments as one of Raiden 's chosen warriors . Raiden , who has visions from the future in which Shao Kahn remained as the last warrior , believes that Liu Kang is the warrior which his future self chose as the savior . As in the first game , Liu Kang succeeds in defeating Goro and Shang Tsung , though Raiden 's amulet continues to crack , unchanging the future . 
 During the second tournament , Liu Kang meets Kitana , and the two engage romantically with each other in this timeline too . It is during this tournament that Kang begins to doubt Raiden 's visions after he ordered him and Kung Lao not to rescue Kitana , and when Lao is killed by Shao Kahn . He seemingly kills Shao Kahn , and avenges his fallen friend . However , Kahn survives , and begins plotting to invade Earthrealm . 
 When Shao Kahn is preparing to invade Earthrealm during the third game 's events , Liu Kang is among Earthrealm 's protectors , and notices Raiden 's futile attempts to alter the future . He and Raiden visit the Elder Gods in order to put a stop to Kahn 's plan , but refuse to intervene , stating that Kahn 's invasion is not a violation of Mortal Kombat , but the merging of Earthrealm and Outworld is . When they return , nearly all of their allies are dead , murdered by a soul @-@ infused Sindel , and Liu Kang rushes to Kitana , only for her to die in his arms . This , coupled with Raiden 's failed attempts in changing the future , and his plan to form an alliance with the Netherrealm , causes Kang to deem Raiden insane , and decides to take on Shao Kahn alone . He arrives as Kahn enters Earthrealm , but Raiden attempts to stops him as he realized Kahn had to win and merge the realms in order to avoid the events of the future . Having enough of Raiden 's continued mistakes , the two fight , but Kang is defeated . As he attempts to shoot a fireball at Raiden , the thunder god uses his lightning to protect him , inadvertently electrocuting Liu Kang , much to Raiden 's horror . Rushing to his burnt body , Raiden pleads for his forgiveness , but Kang coldly says to the Thunder God : " You ... have killed us ... all ... " and dies . After Raiden defeats Shao Kahn with the help of the Elder Gods , and thus changing the future , he and the surviving warriors , Johnny Cage and Sonya Blade , leave and begin the restoration of Earthrealm , and he takes Kang 's body with him . 
 Liu Kang returns in Mortal Kombat X. In the game 's Story Mode , he was resurrected by Quan Chi and now serves him as one of the revenants until Sub @-@ Zero , Scorpion and Jax are revived . He fights both Jax and Raiden in Story Mode , which he blames Raiden for his death . At the end of the story mode , he and Kitana become the new rulers of the Netherrealm due to Quan Chi 's death and Shinnok 's defeat . A now darker Raiden brings them Shinnok 's disembodied head as a warning for them not to attack Earthrealm . 
 
 = = = = Design = = = = 
 
 Liu Kang was originally going to be a Japanese character called Minamoto Yoshitsune , but Mortal Kombat co @-@ creator and character designer John Tobias stated that the staff could not " deal with the name . " According to Tobias , Liu Kang " was originally going to be a traditional monk – bald and in robes – but he wound up resembling Bruce Lee . " As stated on his Mortal Kombat : Armageddon bio card , Ed Boon mentioned that Liu Kang was designed to be the most easily " accessible " character , meaning that both casual and experienced gamers could play as him with little difficulty . According to Tobias , Liu Kang was purposely the only character that voiced his finishing move in the original game , and was " the best " in the first sequel . Liu Kang was the only character in the first game whose finishing move ( Fatality ) did not explicitly murder his opponent , and also without the background dimming . This was because Liu Kang was depicted therein as a Shaolin monk , who in general have strict beliefs regarding killing and murder . However , starting with Mortal Kombat II , he was given gory Fatalities as he was thereafter depicted as a renegade monk who decided to grow his hair back , and who had " strong Shaolin beliefs , but was no longer a part of the Shaolin monks . " In response to rumors that Liu Kang would die in Mortal Kombat II and therefore not make it into Mortal Kombat 3 , Boon said , " It 'd be like doing part three of Star Wars and not having Luke Skywalker in there . You don 't do that . " His eventual death caused Dan Forden , the music composer of the series , to make a " funeral song " for Liu Kang as he felt saddened for his death . The track titled " Liu Kang 's Tomb " would be used in Mortal Kombat : Deception in the arena that shows his tomb . 
 Liu Kang was played by Ho Sung Pak in the first two games , and John Tobias stated in an interview that he originally intended for the character to be a traditional bald monk , but the actor refused to shave his head . In the first game , Liu Kang was modeled after Bruce Lee , as he had short hair and went shirtless , with a threadbare outfit of only black pants and white shoes . In Mortal Kombat II , his outfit was enhanced with red stripes , and now included a red headband , black shoes , and studded wristguards ( the intro of MKII shows the younger version of the character defeating Shang Tsung in the background , while the updated character is in the foreground ) . In Mortal Kombat 3 , his hair was considerably longer , with the only alteration to his outfit being thin black leg strips wrapped above his ankles in order to give him a " sleeker " look for the game . He was given a red tank top in addition to his usual costume in Mortal Kombat 4 , but his alternate outfit was blue and featured him shirtless again . His wardrobe from the third game was carried over into Deception and Armageddon , but due to his resurrection , his skin was ash gray , and he wore hooked chains around his wrists . This form is also known by fans and Mortal Kombat producer Shaun Himmerick as " Zombie Liu Kang " . Nevertheless , his alternate outfit for both games featured him as a living person in order to contrast his undead form . In Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe , he sported a slightly altered version of his third costume , in addition to a championship belt adorned with the Mortal Kombat dragon emblem . Although Liu Kang 's design in Mortal Kombat : Shaolin Monks remains similar to his Mortal Kombat II one , Himmerick said that it was the most revised one from the game , along with Kung Lao 's . 
 
 = = = = Gameplay = = = = 
 
 Liu Kang specializes in kicks , with his most common move being flying across the screen and connect with a kick to the opponent 's torso . Another such move is the " Bicycle Kick " in which Liu Kang flies across the screen with a series of multiple kicks to the opponent 's torso resembling pedaling a bicycle , hence the name . A different kind of his signature abilities is the " Dragon Fire " : with it Liu Kang sends a fiery flame in the shape of a Chinese dragon across the screen out of his hands at his opponent . After Mortal Kombat II , he gains the ability to perform this while crouching and in the air , same for Deception and Armageddon . The developers made Liu Kang immediately selectable in Mortal Kombat : Unchained , the PlayStation Portable port of Deception , as they noted that unlocking him in Deception had proved difficult . 
 Liu Kang 's first finishing move is the Fatality " Shaolin Uppercut " ; he performs a butterfly kick ( often mistaken for a cartwheel ) on his opponent , before hitting an uppercut that knocks them into the air for several seconds . In Mortal Kombat : Shaolin Monks , there were two versions ; one where the victim explodes to pieces upon impact and the original , in which the opponent is torn to pieces upon falling to the ground . In another signature Fatality , he morphs into a large dragon , chomping the upper body of his opponent . This Fatality was turned into an Animality in Mortal Kombat 3 and back into a normal Fatality in Mortal Kombat 4 . In the Game Boy and Game Gear versions of Mortal Kombat II , the dragon torches the opponent with fire instead . The series ' composer and co @-@ designer John Vogel noted it to be his favorite Fatality due to how much Liu Kang 's appearance changes . Another famous Fatality of Liu Kang has him vanish and a Mortal Kombat arcade game machine drop down and crush his opponent . According to GameSpy 's MK2011 walkthrough , Liu Kang " inflicts better damage " than Kung Lao " by jumping around like a lunatic and kicking the crap out of everything he sees . " 
 
 = = = Other appearances = = = 
 
 Liu Kang was the hero of the comic book adaptation of the Mortal Kombat series Malibu Comics . In the first miniseries , Blood and Thunder , his backstory was mostly kept intact as a Shaolin monk out to restore the tournament to their righteous owners , with the only difference being that he was not the chosen one to defeat Goro , which instead fell on twin monk brothers named Sing and Sang , two original characters created specifically for the comics ; after they are killed by Goro in the third issue , Liu Kang becomes the Shaolin 's only hope in defeating Shang Tsung . The following miniseries , Battlewave , stated that Liu Kang won the first tournament after defeating Goro , which never appeared in the first miniseries . He returns to his normal life as an architect in Chicago , having left the Order of Light before the events of the first series . However , he suffers from constant attacks by an unknown force of ninjas and later receives help from Johnny Cage 's bodyguard Bo when Goro ambushes him in an office building . Eventually he decides to travel to Outworld , realizing that he cannot avoid Mortal Kombat . 
 Liu Kang is the primary hero of both Mortal Kombat movies , where he is portrayed by Robin Shou . Director Paul W. S. Anderson wanted Liu Kang 's character to be " really engaging " and chose Shou , noting his skills with martial arts . In the first film , he takes part in the tournament out of guilt over his brother 's death at the hands of Shang Tsung ( portrayed by Cary @-@ Hiroyuki Tagawa ) , and defeats Tsung in the final battle . As a result of the film 's style the relationship between Liu Kang and Kitana is more of a metaphysical than a romantic nature . Shou , along with Talisa Soto ( Kitana ) , was one of only two actors to reprise their roles in the sequel , Mortal Kombat : Annihilation ( Keith Cooke , who played Reptile , returned as well , but as the new Sub @-@ Zero ) . In the sequel , Liu Kang joins the Earthrealm warriors to stop Shao Kahn 's menace . In the animated film Mortal Kombat : The Journey Begins , serving as a prequel to the first film , Liu Kang appears as one of the main characters . 
 Liu Kang is also one of the lead characters in the 1996 animated series Mortal Kombat : Defenders of the Realm , voiced by Brian Tochi . He is not the protagonist therein as opposed to the game storyline , instead sharing this role with several other Earthrealm heroes . 
 Liu Kang appears in the 2013 's second season of the web series Mortal Kombat : Legacy , portrayed by Brian Tee . Liu Kang in Legacy is portrayed as an anti @-@ hero and fighting on the side of Outworld rather than that of Earthrealm in the web series . In this version , he is shown to have left a monastery to live a normal life working at a diner with a fiancée . After watching a pair of thieves kill her in a robbery attempt , he becomes consumed with anger and revenge , and further distances himself from Kung Lao and the ideals that were taught to him . After working as a freelance assassin for a few years , he is approached by Shang Tsung , who convinces him that humanity is not worth protecting and asks him to join the realm of Outworld in the upcoming Mortal Kombat tournament , which he agrees to . During the tournament , he easily subdues Johnny Cage and Kurtis Stryker before being confronted by Kung Lao , who is surprised at his old friend 's change of allegiance . 
 In 1996 , Toy Island published a Liu Kang action figure which had a white shirt . Two Liu Kang action figures from Shaolin Monks were released by Jazwares . Apart from being flexible , both figures included different types of weapons such as swords and axes . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 The character has received mostly very positive response by gaming publications . His relation with Kitana was ranked fourth in IGN 's list of best video game couples in 2006 . GameSpot featured him in their 2009 poll for the title of " All Time Greatest Game Hero " , in which he lost to Yoshi . UGO Networks ranked him as 94th on the 2008 list of top heroes of all time , noting his role in the Mortal Kombat series as well as character depth . In 2012 , GamesRadar ranked him as 51st " most memorable , influential , and badass " protagonist in games , adding that while " Sub @-@ Zero and Scorpion may get most of the fanfare " , Liu Kang " can shoot fireballs , whoops and hollers just like Bruce Lee , and pioneered the Animality with his dragon @-@ transformation fatality--it ’ s no wonder that Liu Kang ’ s the chosen champion of Earthrealm . " In 2014 , Jack Pooley of What Culture ranked him as the second greatest ever fighting game character . 
 Like all the characters from Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe , Liu Kang was selected to be a playable character based on his popularity . Jesse Schedeen of IGN said that " it just wouldn 't be right having a game without [ Liu Kang ] , " noting him to be as fierce as the DC Universe characters in this game . In 2010 , GamePlayBook ranked Liu Kang as the second best Mortal Kombat character , commenting that " his nimbleness and fighting expertise make him an ideal pick " and how he is as good as zombie as when he was alive . In 2011 , Bright Hub ranked Liu Kang as the second best character in the series . In UGO 's 2012 list of top Mortal Kombat characters , Liu Kang was given first place . In 2013 , he was ranked as the fifth @-@ top Mortal Kombat character by Jon Hamlin of The Game Scouts for his popularity and " being incredibly important to the Mortal Kombat universe . " That same year , the readers of Dorkly voted him the series ' sixth greatest character . 
 Upon his death in Deadly Alliance , IGN 's Jeremy Dunham noted that Liu Kang was killed as the series needed " ' starting over ' mentality " , as he regarded Liu Kang as the series ' strongest character . Complex remarked that the Mortal Kombat developers " finally found their groove again with Deadly Alliance , which began by snapping Liu Kang 's neck . " Game Informer listed his death in their article about " characters that died under our watch " calling it a " shock " as Liu Kang was stated to be one of the " most loved " characters from the series . 
 His redesign in Mortal Kombat : Deception was praised by GameSpot for being one of the best ones from the title , and was featured in GamesRadar 's list of the " greatest zombie triumphs " in 2009 , but was also ranked as the ninth @-@ worst Mortal Kombat character by ScrewAttack in 2011 . Additionally , GamesRadar used Liu Kang as an example of a stereotype of gaming heroes who reveal an evil alter ego that ruins the character 's appealing traits , and considered him to be " a little like the Shaolin version of Goku , in that he 's saved his world countless times and come back from the dead even more frequently . " GamesRadar featured him the article about " kickass Bruce Lee clones " citing his similarities with Bruce Lee and with one of his shouts featured in famous quotes . 
 
 = = = Gameplay and finishing moves = = = 
 
 Liu Kang 's famous finishing move of turning into a dragon was ranked by ScrewAttack as the second best in the series , referred to as the most iconic Fatality in Mortal Kombat II , but his cartwheel Fatality from the original Mortal Kombat was ranked by ScrewAttack as the second worst in the series . Liu Kang 's dragon Fatality has also been listed as one of the best Fatalities from the series by both Game Informer and UGO in 2010 , as well as by Complex in 2013 . On the other hand , his Fatality in which he throws a Mortal Kombat arcade were pointed by both Game Informer and GamePro as one of the worst from the series , even as GamesRadar listed it among the reasons of Liu Kang being " boss " . 
 Some video game publications criticized his gameplay and shouts while others noted him to be entertaining . IGN 's Douglas Perry wrote that he preferred Liu Kang over Kung Lao as a playable character in Shaolin Monks because of his " intuitive fighting moves , " adding that his shouts were " annoying " yet " strangely pleasing . " GameDaily also complained about his voice , saying that " Liu Kang screams out like a chicken , " and GamesRadar wrote that " the strange squeals he emits during his trademark Bicycle Kick move are unforgettable . " 
 
 
 = Inocybe praetervisa = 
 
 Inocybe praetervisa is a small , yellow and brown mushroom in the Inocybaceae family , distinguished from other members of the genus by its unusual spores and bulb . The unusual spores led to the species being named the type species of the now @-@ abandoned genus Astrosporina ; recent studies have shown that such a genus could not exist , as the species with the defining traits do not form a monophyletic group . However , it is a part of several clades within the genus Inocybe . I. praetervisa grows on the ground in woodland , favouring beech trees , and can be found in Europe , North America and Asia . It is inedible and probably poisonous due to the presence of muscarine . The ingestion of muscarine can lead to SLUDGE syndrome , and could potentially lead to death due to respiratory failure . 
 
 = = Taxonomy and naming = = 
 
 Inocybe praetervisa was first described by Lucien Quélet in the first volume of Giacomo Bresadola 's 1883 publication Fungi tridentini . The species was moved to the genus Astrosporina by Joseph Schröter in 1889 , but this was rejected , and the name Astrosporina praetervisa is now considered an obligate synonym . Astrosporina praetervisa was the type species of the no longer recognised genus . The specific epithet praetervisa comes from the Latin word meaning " overlooked " . 
 Within the genus Inocybe , I. praetervisa has been placed in the subgenus Inocybe . Mycologist Rolf Singer places the species in the section Marginatae ; mycologist Thom Kuyper considers Marginatae a supersection , and includes I. praetervisa along with I. abietis , I. calospora and I. godeyi . Phylogenetics has shown that , in addition to the large clade of subgenus Inocybe , I. praetervisa forms a clade with I. calospora , I. lanuginosa and I. leptophylla . The species are similar in that all four have basidiospores with small nodules ; it was this feature that defined the genus Astrosporina , with then A. praetervisa as its type species . However , when phylogenetic analysis later concluded that nodulose @-@ spored Inocybe species do not form a monophyletic group , the name Astrosporina was deemed inappropriate at a generic level . But it may be considered useful at a lower level to refer to the clade of the four Inocybe species . Of those four , I. praetervisa is most closely related to I. calospora , with which it forms a smaller and closer clade . A different study also found the close relationship between I. praetervisa and I. calospora ; it also named I. teraturgus as a part of the clade containing I. praetervisa , I. calospora , I. lanuginosa and I. leptophylla . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Inocybe praetervisa has a bell @-@ shaped ( later expanding ) cap of 3 to 5 centimetres ( 1 @.@ 2 to 2 @.@ 0 in ) in diameter , which is a yellowish @-@ brown colour . It is fibrous , and splits from the margin ( which curves inwards ) to the centre . The stem is from 5 to 6 centimetres ( 2 @.@ 0 to 2 @.@ 4 in ) in height , and from 3 to 8 millimetres ( 0 @.@ 12 to 0 @.@ 31 in ) thick . It is white , maturing to a pale straw @-@ yellow , and the whole stem is farinaceous , meaning it is covered in particles resembling meal . The stem has a distinct bulb at the base , which is moderately marginate , and lacks a ring . The flesh is white , and discolours to yellowish in the stem . The gills are initially whitish , but later become a clay @-@ brown with toothed , white edges . They are adnexed , meaning they connect to the stem by only part of their depth , and are crowded closely together . 
 
 = = = Microscopic features = = = 
 
 Inocybe praetervisa leaves a clay @-@ brown spore print , while the spores themselves are rectangular with a large number of " distinct , angular knobs " . In size , the spores measure between 10 and 12 micrometres ( 0 @.@ 00039 and 0 @.@ 00047 in ) in length by between 7 and 9 micrometres ( 0 @.@ 00028 and 0 @.@ 00035 in ) in width . Inocybe praetervisa has both pleuro- and cheilocystidia which are relatively spindle @-@ shaped with apical encrustation . The cystidia have hyaline or pale yellow walls . 
 
 = = = Similar species = = = 
 
 The species can be differentiated from the similar I. cookei by its " irregular , lumpy spores " . It is also similar to I. rimosa , but differs in the presence of a bulb . Another species that can be differentiated by the lack of a bulb is I. numerosigibba . 
 
 = = Habitat and distribution = = 
 
 Inocybe praetervisa is an ectomycorrhizal species , and can be found on the ground in mixed , deciduous or even coniferous woodland . It typically favours beech . Mushrooms grow solitarily or in " trooping groups " in late summer and throughout autumn , though it is not commonly encountered species . It can be found in Europe , Asia and North America . 
 
 = = Edibility and toxicity = = 
 
 The species has a mild , indistinct taste , and a faint smell of flour . Mycologist Roger Phillips describes its edibility as " suspect " , recommending that it be avoided , and notes that it is possible that the species is poisonous ; most species of Inocybe have been shown to contain poisonous chemicals . Mycologist Ian Robert Hall lists the mushroom as containing the poisonous compound muscarine . Consumption of muscarine could lead to a number of physiological effects , including : excess salivation , lacrimation , uncontrollable urination and defecation , gastrointestinal problems and emesis ( vomiting ) ; this array of symptoms is also known by the acronym SLUDGE . Other potential effects include a drop in blood pressure , sweating and death due to respiratory failure . 
 
 
 = Hannah Primrose , Countess of Rosebery = 
 
 Hannah Primrose , Countess of Rosebery ( 27 July 1851 – 19 November 1890 ) was a British noblewoman , the daughter of Baron Mayer de Rothschild and the wife of Archibald , Earl of Rosebery . After inheriting her father 's fortune in 1874 , she became the richest woman in Britain . 
 During the final quarter of the 19th century her husband , the Earl of Rosebery , was one of the most celebrated figures in Britain , an influential millionaire and politician , whose charm , wit , charisma and public popularity gave him such standing that he " almost eclipsed royalty . " Yet his Jewish wife , during her lifetime regarded as dull , overweight and lacking in beauty , remains an enigmatic figure largely ignored by historians and often regarded as notable only for financing her husband 's three ambitions : to marry an heiress , win the Epsom Derby , and become Prime Minister ( the second and third of these possibly apocryphal ambitions were achieved after her death ) . In truth , she was her husband 's driving force and motivation . 
 Her marriage into the aristocracy , while controversial at the time , gave her the social cachet in an antisemitic society that her vast fortune could not . She subsequently became a political hostess and philanthropist . Her charitable work was principally in the sphere of public health and causes associated with the welfare of working @-@ class Jewish women living in the poorer districts of London . 
 Having firmly assisted and supported her husband on his path to political greatness , she suddenly died in 1890 , aged 39 , leaving him , distraught and bereft of her support , to achieve the political destiny which she had plotted . His premiership of the United Kingdom was shambolic , and lasted barely a year . For over thirty years following her death , he wandered in a political wilderness , directionless and exceedingly eccentric , until his own death in 1929 . 
 
 = = Early years = = 
 
 Hannah de Rothschild was born in 1851 into a world of great wealth and luxury . She was the granddaughter of Baron Nathan Mayer Rothschild , who had founded N M Rothschild & Sons , the English branch of the Rothschilds ' banking empire . Niall Ferguson states in his History of the House of Rothschild that by the mid @-@ 19th century the Rothschilds regarded themselves as the nearest thing the Jews of Europe had to a royal family , and the equals of royalty . Whether or not this was strictly true , the many Rothschild homes and their art collections , in England , Austria , France and Germany , certainly rivalled those of the crowned heads of Europe . 
 Hannah de Rothschild 's father Baron Meyer Amschel de Rothschild married his cousin Juliana Cohen in 1850 . The marriage provided the impetus for Meyer to create what he described as " an enduring monument , " a country house of monumental proportions . His daughter Hannah , aged just six months , laid the foundation stone on 31 December 1851 . Throughout her life , Mentmore Towers was to be a fixed and pivotal point . 
 Within a few years of the mansion 's completion , attracted by the good hunting and proximity to London , Hannah 's relatives began to build estates nearby , all within a carriage drive of each other ; thus , Hannah grew up in an almost private world of unimaginable splendour and security . Pevsner has described this enclave of Rothschild properties as " the most conspicuous and significant aspect of Victorian architecture in Buckinghamshire . " In addition to Mentmore , Baron and Baroness Meyer de Rothschild had a large house in London , 107 Piccadilly ; The Zenaide , a luxurious yacht moored in the South of France ; and other smaller properties visited only seasonally and occasionally . 
 As an only child growing up in what were , in all but name , palaces , her childhood appears to have been quite lonely . She was a companion to her hypochondriac mother and , in later life , a hostess with her father during her mother 's long periods of indisposition . She was indulged by both parents and her formal education was neglected in favour of music and singing lessons , subjects in which she was accomplished . Her parents were very protective of her , attempting to ensure that she was never exposed to the risk of sickness or even the sight of poverty . As a result , she was never allowed to enter the cottages on the Rothschilds ' estates . A cousin , who seems to have disliked her , claims that Hannah was so sheltered that the phrase " the poor " was just a meaningless euphemism to her . This is likely to be an exaggeration , as from her teens onwards she used much of her fortune to improve the lot of the poor , in housing and education . Whatever the faults of her education , she possessed great confidence , impressing her Rothschild relations , who noted her poise and competence when she hosted a large house party at Mentmore for the Prince of Wales while only 17 years of age . 
 Mayer Amschel de Rothschild died in 1874 , leaving his daughter not only Mentmore ( with its priceless art collection ) , his London mansion , and innumerable investments , but also the sum of two million pounds sterling in cash ( equivalent to £ 167 million in present day terms ) . Thus , Hannah de Rothschild became the wealthiest woman in England . 
 
 = = Betrothal = = 
 
 Hannah de Rothschild was first introduced to her future husband , the 28 @-@ year @-@ old Earl of Rosebery , by Lady Beaconsfield , the wife of Benjamin Disraeli , at Newmarket Racecourse . The Disraelis were close friends and neighbours of the Rothschilds in Buckinghamshire . 
 Archibald , 5th Earl of Rosebery , born in 1847 , had inherited his title from his grandfather in 1868 , when aged 21 , together with an income of £ 30 @,@ 000 a year . He owned 40 @,@ 000 acres ( 160 km ² ) in Scotland , and land in Norfolk , Hertfordshire , and Kent . His father had died when he was eight and he had been brought up by his mother , who had subsequently married Harry Powlett , 4th Duke of Cleveland . His mother was a distant figure , and their relationship was always strained . The Earls of Rosebery , whose family name was Primrose , were old , if undistinguished , members of the Scottish aristocracy . Rosebery was considered to be strikingly handsome and immensely cultivated . He was highly intelligent , and a brilliant future was forecast for him by his tutors at both Eton and Christ Church , Oxford . 
 As early as 1876 , there were rumours of an engagement . However , several hurdles had to be overcome before a marriage could take place . While the Jewish Rothschilds were accepted into society , and indeed were close friends of some members of the royal family including the Prince of Wales , as elsewhere in Europe , antisemitic feelings were prevalent in the upper echelons of society and particularly so among those closest to the Queen at court , where following the death of the Prince Consort in 1861 the Rothschilds became pointedly excluded . The Queens equerry Arthur Edward Hardinge referred to the Rothschild 's dining tables as " resplendent with the Hebrew gold " going so far as to say a visiting Russian royal needed a " corrective " visit to Westminster Abbey following acceptance of Rothschild hospitality . Queen Victoria herself expressed antisemitic views in 1873 when it was proposed that Lionel de Rothschild be elevated to the peerage the Queen refused and expressed a reluctance to make a Jew a peer – saying " to make a Jew a peer is a step she could not consent to " and furthermore stated to give " a title and mark of her approbation to a Jew " . Lord Spencer advised the Prince and Princess of Wales against attending a Rothschild ball with the words " The Prince ought only to visit those of undoubted position in Society . " However , this did not prevent the Prince from accepting Rothschild 's invitations and gifts privately . While one could be friends with Jews and accept their hospitality , their social status was still not sufficiently elevated to include marriage into the peerage without unfavourable comment . 
 Rosebery 's own mother was horrified at the thought of a Jewess , even a Rothschild , in the family . Rosebery too felt there was an impassable barrier of faith ; at this time , it was inconceivable that any children could be reared as Jews . Although it has been stated that Rosebery himself was devoid of any antisemitic views , this was not always true , especially in later life . 
 This factor also worked in reverse ; while Hannah de Rothschild was keen to marry Rosebery , she was also aware of many obstacles , the foremost being that she was devoted to her faith , and to leave it would be a severe moral wrench . Another obstacle was the Rothschild family itself : it was their custom to marry cousins to keep their fortune within the family . Ironically , Hannah herself had opposed the marriage of her cousin Annie de Rothschild to the Christian Eliot Yorke , the son of the Earl of Hardwicke , in 1866 . In fact , she was to be the third daughter of the family 's English branch to marry outside of the Jewish faith , but such was the fame of the bridegroom and the resultant publicity that the Jewish elders and press felt an example needed to be made . The Jewish Chronicle announced its " most poignant grief " at the prospect , and cryptically added , " If the flame seize on the cedars , how will fare the hyssop on the wall : if the leviathan is brought up with a hook , how will the minnows escape , " demonstrating what a threat to the social fabric of the Jewish faith the Jewish elders saw in the prospect of such a marriage . The quotation , originally from the Babylonian Talmud , can be taken to mean that the elders and respected members and more notable members of the Jewish faith should set a good example by strictly following the teachings of the Jewish articles of faith which frown upon marriage to members of other religions . 
 The formal engagement of marriage was announced on 3 January 1878 , a day Rosebery forever afterwards regarded as sacred . Writing to a friend in January 1878 , Rosebery described his wife as " very simple , very unspoilt , very clever , very warm @-@ hearted and very shy ... I never knew such a beautiful character . " The marriage was celebrated in London on 20 March 1878 at the Board Room of Guardians in Mount Street , and also in a Christian ceremony at Christ Church in Down Street , Piccadilly . To show " official " disapproval , no male member of the Rothschild family attended the ceremonies . However , any shortcomings in the guest list were compensated for by the guest of honour — the Prince of Wales — and Disraeli , who gave the bride away . 
 
 = = Marriage = = 
 
 For the first few years following their marriage , the Roseberys resided in London in the Piccadilly house Lady Rosebery had inherited from her father . However , as the couple 's social and political interests increased from 1882 , they leased the larger Lansdowne House . Lansdowne House was one of the finest of the aristocratic palaces in London , well suited to be the home of the political salon which Hannah Rosebery was to establish . Here political and social leaders of the day mixed with royalty , authors such as Henry James and Oscar Wilde , and other prominent social and intellectual figures of the time . Henry James , an occasional guest in the Roseberys ' homes , delivered one of the most unflattering condemnations of Lady Rosebery describing her as " ... large , coarse , Hebrew @-@ looking with hair of no particular colour and personally unattractive " . 
 The Roseberys divided their year among their various homes : London for the social season and parliament , Mentmore at weekends to entertain both political and shooting house @-@ parties . In August the household would move north to Dalmeny for the grouse shooting . In between , occasional days and the weeklong Derby meeting would be spent at their home " The Durdans " in Epsom . Though small by comparison to their other homes , this mansion was described by Henry James as the most homely and comfortable of the Roseberys ' many homes and as a delightful house full of books and sporting pictures , with just a few Gainsboroughs and Watteaux . Together the Earl and Countess of Rosebery added greatly to not only the Mentmore collection but also to that housed at Dalmeny House , Rosebery 's Scottish seat , amassing a great library of rare and continental volumes and a collection of artefacts formerly belonging to the Emperor Napoleon I. 
 
 = = = Relationship with Rosebery = = = 
 
 Published commentators on the Roseberys claim their marriage was happy , and there is no known evidence that Hannah was anything other than happy in her marriage , and quite a lot to suggest she was indeed blissfully happy . However , much evidence suggests that Rosebery , while professing to be happy , was at times irritated and bored by Hannah , who was always keen to accommodate his every whim . 
 There were times when Lady Rosebery 's devotion to her husband was tested . Rosebery may have not been antisemitic before his marriage ; however , the acerbic wit for which he was famous led him to make remarks that could have been taken in such a way , once his marriage had secured the Rothschild fortune . Rosebery seems to have disliked his first son , who he claimed looked " Jewish . " On seeing his son for the first time he remarked " Le Jew est fait , rien ne vas plus , " which must have been disconcerting for the child 's very Jewish mother . Rosebery , who has been described as febrile and supercilious , replied in a letter of congratulations on the birth of his heir from Mary Gladstone : " I cannot pretend to be much excited by an event which occurs to almost every human being and which may cause me a great deal of annoyance . " Rosebery then left his newborn child and wife ( who was again pregnant ) for a year @-@ long tour of Australia . On another occasion , when the Roseberys were travelling in India , Rosebery is reported to have announced " I will travel ahead , Hannah and the rest of the heavy baggage will follow the next day . " 
 While the marriage was based on warmth and esteem on Rosebery 's side and adoration on Hannah 's , it seems that Rosebery often found his wife 's devotion irritating , and this sometimes caused him to be impatient with her . He was often abrupt with her in public . She , by contrast , was completely enraptured by him , and would frequently ignore her neighbours at a dinner party to listen to her husband 's conversation further down the table , a faux pas almost considered a crime in Victorian society . Those who saw the couple alone at home " could not doubt the affection as well as the comprehension that united them . " 
 However , at times Rosebery 's behaviour could be eccentric . Gladstone remarked that Rosebery was , perhaps , rather too concerned with his health . Early in the marriage Rosebery decided to renovate the small ruined Barnbougle Castle ( the original Rosebery family seat ) , close to , and within sight of , Dalmeny House . Once renovation was complete in 1882 , Rosebery used it as a private retreat from his family , and began to spend his nights there alone . Always an insomniac , he claimed that the " stillness of the waters [ the nearby Firth of Forth ] were conducive to sleep . " Books were his passion , and he assembled a huge library in the small castle . Thus Rosebery was able to lead a life at Dalmeny with his wife , but also quite apart from her . 
 During their marriage the Roseberys travelled extensively , usually without their children . In September 1883 the couple left their children in the care of the nannies and nursery maids , supervised by Rosebery 's sister Lady Leconfield , for a long tour of America and Australia . Lady Rosebery owned large investments in North America , including ranches in Texas and mines in Montana . Their arrival in New York was widely reported , and a full and flattering description of Lady Rosebery was reported in The Herald . The newspaper went on to describe Rosebery as looking like a prosperous farmer . Lady Rosebery was very taken with California , from where she wrote : " The inhabitants are very entertaining ... the women are very handsome , think nothing of dresses costing £ 80 , " fix up " their faces very frequently and are generally divorced . " Having toured and been fêted in America , the party moved on to Australia via Honolulu . In Australia , Rosebery chose to indulge his habit of solitude , installing his wife in a hotel in Sydney , while he went off alone to tour the outback . 
 Rosebery 's frequent absences from his wife fuelled gossip that he was a secret homosexual . It has been claimed that the inscrutable air that Rosebery wore was a mask to disguise his secret homosexual life . The worry of this illegal secret , it was claimed , and fear of exposure , caused his insomnia and bouts of depression . It was even whispered that his Barnbougle Castle retreat was really a venue for clandestine assignations with young men . Rosebery 's possible homosexuality has been much discussed in recent times . Nothing conclusive has ever been found one way or the other , but it is possible that he had homosexual experiences while in the care of a paedophile housemaster at Eton in his youth . No evidence exists that his wife was aware of these rumours against her husband , or even that she would have understood them , bearing in mind her sheltered upbringing and limited education . Sex education was not part of a 19th @-@ century upper @-@ class girl 's schooling . The more public and precise accusations of Rosebery 's homosexuality by the Marquess of Queensberry did not occur until three years after Lady Rosebery 's death . 
 The relationship between the couple appears at times to have been almost that of a mother and child . Rosebery , a self @-@ centred , reserved man , prone to depression , pessimism and insecurity , had a difficult relationship with his mother who had been distant and openly preferred his younger brother . Lady Rosebery , an orphan and only child , appears to have been desperate to lavish affection . Once upon entering a book shop she told her children they were entering a toy shop , and when the disappointed children pointed out the obvious she replied " to your father this is a toy shop . " Lord Rosebery 's friend Edward Hamilton recorded her " notable faculty of getting other people to work and quickening their energies . " It seems she was the driving force of the relationship , with her feet firmly on the ground . She made herself the link between the world and her " thin skinned and neurotic " husband . While her husband sulked or withdrew with hurt pride from a situation , she came to the forefront to plead his case or cause . If she was aware of his faults she gave no indication of it . 
 
 = = = Children = = = 
 
 The marriage produced four children : Lady Sybil Primrose , born in 1879 ; Lady Margaret Primrose , born in 1881 ; the heir Harry Primrose , Lord Dalmeny ( later 6th Earl of Rosebery ) , born in 1882 ; and finally the Honourable Neil Primrose , born the same year as his elder brother . 
 As a mother , Lady Rosebery was presented with a dilemma : she was in fact already practically a mother to her husband who had no great feeling for a proximity to small babies . This was particularly evident in June 1880 when shortly after the birth of their first child Sybil , Rosebery wished to visit Germany for three months , to take a cure at a German spa ( he was recovering from what is now thought to have been a nervous breakdown ) . His wife dutifully accompanied him . However , Rosebery , clearly aware of his wife 's frustrated maternal instincts , reported that Hannah savoured every detail of the daily letters from London concerning the baby , and that she never complained at the forced separation . 
 More revealing is a comment Lady Rosebery herself made to her husband , " I sometimes think it is wrong that I have thought less of the children in comparison to you " shortly before her death in 1890 , suggesting that when a choice between her children and husband was forced on her , she always chose her husband . However , the same comment also hints that she was not unaware that her choice was at the cost of her children . 
 When assessing Lady Rosebery 's behaviour to her children it should be remembered that she lived in an era of plentiful nannies , wet nurses , nursemaids and governesses which the upper classes employed as the norm . These people were employed regardless of the mother 's affection towards her children ; it was inconceivable that a countess would nurse her own children , and to do so would have been breaking social conventions . Hence her seeming lack of attention to her children was not unusual – she was following the upper class conventions and " stiff upper lip " philosophies of her era . However , in spite of their prolonged absences from their children , the Roseberys do not appear to have been very distant or remote figures in the earliest stages of their children 's lives . Margot Asquith records how Rosebery loved to play and romp on the floor with the children . 
 
 = = Politics = = 
 
 It has been said of Hannah de Rothschild that she grew up with a good sense and presence of mind , enabling her to deputise for her mother on grand social occasions at Mentmore and in London . This gave her confidence and the experience to be the perfect political wife . Marriage to her altered Rosebery 's status , too : while his wife acquired Christian respectability and a title , Rosebery moved from being one of many wealthy and capable young noblemen to being one with unfathomable riches . This , coupled with his good looks , appealed to the public 's imagination and gave him glamour . 
 From the outset of the marriage , political members of the Rothschild family took an interest in Rosebery , and he was soon acclaimed as one of the rising hopes of the Liberal Party . As a hereditary peer , he already had a seat in the House of Lords and had made his maiden speech there on attaining his majority . But brilliant as he was , Rosebery tended to lethargy and boredom . Lord Granville in fact considered Rosebery 's wife to be the more ambitious of the pair , and even advised her " If you keep him up to the mark , [ he ] is sure to have his page in history . " The subtle driving of her often languid and lethargic husband to achieve his " page in history " was to become her raison d 'être . Rosebery 's secretary Thomas Gilmour noted : " She is thoroughly genuine and very tender and devoted to Lord Rosebery , it is easy to see that she is very proud of him , and she is a woman of considerable force of character and great energy , she may prove to be a powerful ally in his political career . " Rosebery was not a natural politician . He was an idealist who disliked the rancour of politics , in fact " his innate dislike of politics was something Lady Rosebery always fought against . " However , he was a gifted orator , and this was an era when platform speaking was beginning to replace House of Commons debate . On a tour of America before his marriage , Rosebery had been impressed by the campaigning of prospective political candidates ; in Britain little had changed in that respect since the hustings of the 18th century . He realised how an electorate could be swayed by a candidate touring his prospective constituency , aided by a well thought @-@ out series of events , rallies and advertising , with the candidate 's ideal and attractive family smiling by his side . Thus Lady Rosebery not only pushed and encouraged him behind the scenes but was now to become an encouraging and conspicuous figure by his side . In this way it could be said she was the first openly " political wife " in Britain . 
 This first became evident in the great campaign to re @-@ elect Gladstone . Known today as the Midlothian campaign , it was masterminded by the Roseberys . Rosebery used his influence to have Gladstone invited to stand as parliamentary candidate for Midlothian , near to Rosebery 's Dalmeny estate . Gladstone had nominally retired from politics after losing his Greenwich seat in 1874 , when Disraeli had been swept to power . The campaign was based at Dalmeny where Lady Rosebery hosted a series of large political house parties throughout the long campaign . The Tories were later to claim that Rosebery had paid for Gladstone 's campaign . Rosebery later admitted to spending £ 50 @,@ 000 . 
 The Roseberys ' house party would leave Dalmeny and tour towns and cities across Midlothian and Scotland , with Gladstone and the speakers often addressing vast crowds from the back of an American @-@ designed Pullman car specially acquired by Rosebery for the purpose . The scenes at these meetings have been described as something between a carnival and an evangelist 's revival meeting . While in the grounds of Dalmeny House itself , the public were treated to a great firework display . 
 Throughout all this , Gladstone was supported not only by the popular and charismatic Rosebery but also by an array of well @-@ dressed women including Lady Rosebery and Gladstone 's daughter Mary . These fashionable people – the celebrities of their day ( newspapers at the time gave many column inches each day to the doings of the upper classes ) – were as much a crowd @-@ puller as the political speakers , and Rosebery 's planning used that to full effect . One meeting was so packed that many were fainting : 70 @,@ 000 people applied for tickets in a hall capable of holding 6 @,@ 500 . Lady Rosebery reported , " I had never heard Archie ( Lord Rosebery ) speak in public politically before , but after the first minute I felt I could never be nervous at his making a speech the audience show him great affection . " [ sic ] However it was not just Gladstone and Rosebery the huge crowds had come to see , but also the dutifully supporting and smiling families . Lady Rosebery went on to describe how " They ( the crowds ) patted me on the back till my shoulders were sensitive . " Thus in Rosebery 's first serious involvement in politics , Disraeli was defeated and the newly elected MP for Midlothian became Prime Minister for the second time ( the caretaker liberal leader Lord Hartington retired in favour of Gladstone ) . It was also obvious that Lady Rosebery was a very evident and valuable political electioneering asset . As the Marquess of Crewe put it " she had cut her spurs . " 
 Her political mettle and ambitions for her husband were however to be more severely tested following the Liberal victory . Rosebery was , as expected , offered a position in Government by Gladstone . It had been rumoured that the position of Viceroy of Ireland or a cabinet place would be proffered , but it turned out to be the job of Under Secretary of the India Office . Rosebery immediately declined the post , giving as his reason that it would appear that he was being repaid for running Gladstone 's campaign ( as though the Viceregal position would not ) . When pressed further he cited ill health — he had been suffering from scarlet fever during the Midlothian campaign and now also appeared to be suffering a minor nervous breakdown . Political leaders urged Lady Rosebery to influence him , but she defended his decision , while stressing that his deterioration in health was only temporary . She had to be careful — if it appeared her husband had declined the offer on the grounds that it was too lowly , it would give substance to the claims being made that he was conceited and petulant . Whatever the truth , and it may be Rosebery 's own explanation that he " disliked hard work , " Lady Rosebery continued to solicit Gladstone for a job for Rosebery within the cabinet . In August 1880 , when Gladstone told her firmly that " There is nothing I can give him , " she claimed she had not been seeking a cabinet post and Gladstone had misunderstood her . At the same time she was canny enough to mention that Sir William Harcourt and Sir Charles Dilke , both radicals opposed to Gladstone 's policies , were " visiting them " and " thoughtful . " Lady Rosebery also began to befriend those politicians such as Lord Northbrook who empathised with her husband , while others such as Lord Granville and Lord Hartington she identified as aloof . She dismissed Lord Spencer with " I can never look on him as a great motive power , besides he does not mention Archie [ Rosebery ] to me . " This was the same Lord Spencer who had advised the Prince and Princess of Wales against visiting the homes of wealthy Jews . 
 Finally her soliciting paid off and in 1881 , Rosebery was offered a government position acceptable to him , that of Under Secretary at the Home Office with special responsibility for Scotland . He had sought the position feeling that Scotland was neglected by the Liberal Government who were more interested in Ireland . However , immediately upon assuming the job he began to demand a place in the cabinet . The office he sought was that of Lord Privy Seal , a position Gladstone refused on account of Rosebery 's inexperience in Government . It appeared that Rosebery was showing his true colours and he was accused of behaving like a spoilt child , with doubts cast over the honourableness of his reasons for refusing the Under Secretaryship of the India Office . Lady Rosebery , " conscious of her husband 's supreme ability , " wanted him in the cabinet and was furiously agitating her husband 's discontent until Rosebery threatened to resign his Home Office position . Lady Rosebery had an angry row with Gladstone 's wife , where Mrs Gladstone pointed out that if Rosebery resigned he would have nothing but horse racing to interest him , and that Lady Rosebery should be patient as her husband was young . Rosebery , accepting that a cabinet place was not going to be forthcoming , resigned from Government . Lady Rosebery , realising further appeal to the Gladstones was pointless , tried a new avenue — Lord Hartington , the immensely influential Secretary of State for War , who was already quarrelling with Gladstone over the Irish home rule problem , and whom she allegedly met by chance at Preston Railway Station . Inviting him into her carriage for the journey to London , she pleaded her husband 's case for three hours to her captive listener . The Roseberys then immediately left England and their children for a long trip to America and Australia . On their return in 1885 Rosebery was appointed Lord Privy Seal , complete with the seat in the cabinet which he sought . 
 Gladstone resigned as Prime Minister in 1885 following a Government defeat over the Irish home rule question . The new Tory government was led by Lord Salisbury . However , as a minority administration it was not expected to last , and a swift return of the former administration was anticipated . During this period serious ( if unproven ) charges of plotting and ruthless ambition were about to be levelled against Lady Rosebery . Sir Charles Dilke , considered as a likely replacement for Gladstone , and thus a rival to Rosebery in government , was implicated in one of the most scandalous and ruinous divorce cases of the era . Involvement in any divorce was social suicide in the 19th century , but the facts which emerged were enough to ensure it was political suicide as well . A friend of the Roseberys , Donald Crawford , MP , sued his wife Virginia for divorce naming Dilke as co @-@ respondent . There was little evidence and Dilke denied the charge , which could have been ultimately forgotten , if Virginia had not suddenly decided to sign a confession giving such lurid details that a great scandal was unavoidable . She claimed that not only had Dilke slept with her and taught her " French vices " , but also slept with her mother and partaken in a three @-@ in @-@ a @-@ bed orgy with Virginia and a maid . Dilke denied everything , but his hopes of high political office were ruined forever . Dilke claimed the whole thing was an embroidery of lies and conspiracies by his political enemies . Rumours began to circulate that the Roseberys , and Lady Rosebery in particular , were at the bottom of Dilke 's misfortune . In his futile quest to exonerate himself , and grasping at rumour , Dilke wrote to Rosebery accusing Lady Rosebery of having paid Virginia to make the confession . An outraged Rosebery denied all on his wife 's behalf , while in December 1885 Lady Rosebery 's only response on being told of Virginia Crawford 's confessions was : " Dilke 's behaviour is very astonishing in some reports , though it is not an actual surprise to me . " Early the following year Gladstone was returned to power and Rosebery was appointed Foreign Secretary in Gladstone 's third but brief term of office . Dilke 's political career was ruined , and for years afterwards he continued to expound the Rosebery conspiracy theory . Nothing was ever proven against Lady Rosebery and no tangible evidence exists to substantiate the claim . 
 The impartiality demanded by Rosebery 's new office forced him to sell many of his business interests , which had come by the way of the Rothschild family , to be seen to be avoiding a conflict of interest . However , his wife 's ambition and part in his rise to power was not only being recognised in high places , but clearly starting to irritate . On being told that Lady Rosebery was very keen for her husband to become Foreign Secretary , Gladstone replied " She would think herself capable of being Queen of the Realm and think the place only just good enough for her . " Rosebery was now on the path to political greatness , but Gladstone 's government fell the same year . Lady Rosebery was not to see her husband achieve the highest political office . 
 
 = = Philanthropy = = 
 
 Like many other women of her class and era , Lady Rosebery patronised a great number of charities . Her chief causes appear to have all been connected specifically to the assistance and welfare of women . She was president of the Scottish Home Industries Association , a charity which encouraged Scottish women to work profitably from home making plaid or other items of needlework and the like . In this way women , especially widowed mothers , remained in their homes able to care for their often large families while still earning an income . 
 Queen Victoria appointed her president of the Queen Victoria Jubilee Institute for Nurses in Scotland , the beginning of the district nurse system , which was to revolutionise health care for the rural poor and sick in Britain . She was also interested in general improvements in standards of nursing . 
 Like many of her Rothschild relatives she was also deeply involved with the welfare of young working @-@ class women of the Jewish faith who inhabited the poorer areas of London , in particular Whitechapel . There she founded the Club for Jewish Working Girls . She also donated to numerous other charities connected with Jewish causes . However , within a week of her death her husband began to cancel many of these subscriptions , prompting charges of antisemitism . 
 Her interest in education has been one of her most obvious surviving charitable legacies . She founded schools in all the villages surrounding the Roseberys ' estates . The Mentmore estate alone was serviced by three schools founded by her at Wingrave , Cheddington and Mentmore itself . Not only were the children educated at her expense by trained teachers , each was also provided with seasonal gifts of new clothes . Cheddington School remains in its original building with her cypher on its walls , while Wingrave School , which opened in 1877 , survives in new premises . 
 One of her more pioneering and innovative charitable causes was the oral instruction of what were then called the deaf and dumb . 
 
 = = Death and legacy = = 
 
 Lady Rosebery died of typhoid at Dalmeny in 1890 . She fought the disease , but it was found that she was also suffering from Bright 's disease , which had weakened her , making it impossible to survive the attack . She was buried in accordance with the rites of the Jewish faith . Rosebery found this particularly hard to bear , and wrote to Queen Victoria of the pain he experienced when " another creed steps in to claim the corpse . " It was only after her death that the doctors who had treated her disclosed to Rosebery that her kidney condition would have killed her within two years even if she had not contracted typhoid . 
 Her funeral was held on 25 November 1890 at Willesden Jewish Cemetery . As is the Jewish tradition , the service was attended only by male mourners , who included most members of Gladstone 's cabinet . 
 There is no evidence that Lady Rosebery drove her husband to follow her own political agenda , or that of her family . For her the rewards seem to have been the pleasure of seeing a husband she undoubtedly adored in the high office of which she felt him worthy . There is no doubt that she tempered her husband 's more radical views . Immediately following his wife 's death Rosebery retired from politics , writing in October 1891 " The sole object of my ambition has disappeared with the death of my wife . " Proof of the widespread belief in society that Lady Rosebery was the stable element of the partnership was confirmed shortly after her death , by Queen Victoria , following a then rare public speech by Rosebery , in which he supported Home Rule for Ireland . The Queen was shocked and thought the speech " almost communistic " and went on to attribute Rosebery 's " shocking and disappointing " behaviour to the fact that " poor Lady Rosebery is not there to keep him back . " While Queen Victoria always personally liked Rosebery , she mistrusted his politics . The Queen had thoroughly liked Lady Rosebery and wrote Rosebery several letters of condolence , likening his loss to the untimely death of her own consort , Prince Albert . It seems that the Queen 's antipathy to Jews was confined to elevating them to the peerage . This view had softened by 1885 . In 1890 she accepted a luncheon invitation from Lady Rosebery 's cousin Ferdinand de Rothschild and toured Waddesdon Manor albeit eating in a separate dining room to the Jewish members of the party . 
 Shortly after his wife 's death , Rosebery left his grieving children and went alone on a tour of Spain . Following a visit to El Escorial he wrote on the sepulchral wonders of the building , but added " for the dead alone the Taj is of course supreme . " On his return home he had designed for his wife a Victorian Gothic version of the Taj Mahal in miniature . For the remainder of his life he wore black and used black edged writing paper . Once , when talking with his daughter Sybil , he asked her what mourning she thought her mother would have worn had the situation been reversed . Sybil replied , " She would not have worn any , she would have died at once . " 
 Ronald Munro Ferguson has been quoted in 1912 as saying " many things would have gone otherwise had Lady Rosebery lived . Her loss is today as great a calamity from every point of view as it was at the time of her death . " 
 Widowhood changed Rosebery , both mentally and physically : he aged overnight , and began to refer to himself as an old man . Two years after her death , friends were still concerned that he was suicidal . Winston Churchill thought him maimed by her death , and later said of her " she was a remarkable woman on whom Rosebery leaned , she was ever a pacifying and composing element in his life which he was never able to find again because he could never give full confidence to anyone else . " 
 Sir Edward Hamilton , Rosebery 's closest friend , wrote : 
 Her qualities were portrayed in literature when Lady Rosebery was reputed to be the model for Marcella Maxwell in Mrs Humphry Ward 's novels Marcella ( 1894 ) and Sir George Tressady ( 1909 ) . The author lived at Stocks close to Lady Rosebery 's home at Mentmore and would certainly have known her , while in the books Marcella 's house is based on Hampden House , also in Buckinghamshire . 
 The Liberals did not return to office until 1892 . Lord Rosebery was eventually persuaded to enter government , becoming once again Foreign Secretary serving under Gladstone as Prime Minister . In 1894 on Gladstone 's retirement he achieved his wife 's ambitions and became Prime Minister , but by then Lady Rosebery was dead . Without her , Rosebery was a shadow of his former self , taking huge doses of morphine to combat insomnia and nerves . His Prime Ministership lasted barely a year , marred by problems and difficulties . For the remainder of his life and without his wife , as Queen Victoria phrased it , " to hold him back " , he became more and more eccentric and controversial in his decisions . His final years were blighted by ill health and a self @-@ enforced seclusion in Scotland . He died in 1929 . 
 Before their marriage and his full @-@ time entry into politics , Rosebery 's future wife had written with extraordinary foresight and ambition to him : " I work only to help you , if you are Prime Minister , let me imitate Montagu Corry . " Corry had been Disraeli 's influential private secretary on whom he had relied . Rosebery only ever trusted his wife . Without her to calm and order his life he was a neurotic wreck . 
 Lady Rosebery 's eldest son , Harry , who was less successful in politics than his father and brother , distinguished himself by becoming captain of Surrey County Cricket Club and owning two Epsom Derby @-@ winning horses . He succeeded his father as 6th Earl of Rosebery and died in 1974 . Margaret married her father 's old friend and biographer the Marquess of Crewe . Such was still the fame of her parents that London traffic was brought to a standstill on her wedding day in 1899 . Lady Crewe became one of the first women magistrates in Britain ; she died in 1955 . Lady Sybil has been summarised by one of her father 's biographers : " Even more eccentric than her father , she spent much of her time living in a caravan . " Neil , the second of the Roseberys ' sons , entered politics and a promising future was foretold for him . However , on the outbreak of World War I he joined the army , and was killed leading a charge at Gezer in 1917 . 
 Of Hannah Rosebery 's homes , the lease on Lansdowne House was surrendered shortly before her death , when the Roseberys purchased 38 Berkeley Square . This property was transformed into one of London 's most luxurious town houses . However , Lady Rosebery did not live to see the work completed . Her son Harry sold the house in 1938 , and it was demolished . A year later a bomb landed on the empty site during World War II . The Durdans was bequeathed to her daughter , Sybil , in 1929 and was sold together with its contents in 1955 . Lord and Lady Rosebery 's library there was given to the nation at this time . Mentmore , the grandest of the Roseberys ' homes , was sold by Lady Rosebery 's grandson , the 7th Earl of Rosebery , in 1977 , together with the Rothschild art collection , which Lady Rosebery had not only been intensely interested in but had enlarged considerably . She personally catalogued the collection , and prophetically wrote in the preface " In time to come , when , like all collections , this will be dispersed ( and I hope this will be long after my death ) this book may be of value . " Her two @-@ volume work and the collection it described remained so unknown that " Save Mentmore " ( a group attempting to halt the sale of Mentmore to keep the collection within Britain ) failed largely due to widespread public ignorance of both house and collection . A few pieces of furniture and paintings were taken to Dalmeny , ( the only house to remain in the family ) where they are displayed today , and three pictures including Drouais ' Madame de Pompadour were purchased for the National Gallery . The remainder of the collection was dispersed in a week @-@ long sale and is now scattered across the globe . A further sale of the " Continental Library , " to which she had added , was conducted in 1995 at the Aeolian Hall , London by Sotheby 's . 
 In June 2011 , Christie 's auctioned a set of pearl and diamond jewels ( a tiara , brooch and bracelet ) that were originally in Lady Rosebery 's ownership . 
 Today , Lady Rosebery is a mere footnote in the long history of her husband 's family , rather as Consuelo Vanderbilt is regarded in the Spencer @-@ Churchill family . Her husband , once one of the " most celebrated figures in Britain , " is a minor figure in British history . Thus , Hannah , Countess of Rosebery , in her day celebrated in the worlds of politics , philanthropy , and high society , is largely unknown and forgotten . 
 
 
 = Hurricane Uleki = 
 
 Hurricane Uleki , also referred as Typhoon Uleki , was a long @-@ lived tropical cyclone in August – September 1988 that had minimal effects on land . Originating from a disturbance in the Intertropical Convergence Zone in late @-@ August , Uleki was identified as a tropical depression well to the southeast of Hawaii on August 28 . Steady organization ensued as it moved west , becoming a tropical storm on August 30 and a hurricane on August 31 . Rapid intensification took place thereafter and the storm reached its peak intensity on September 2 as a Category 3 on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale . Hurricane Hunters investigating the cyclone found peak winds of 125 mph ( 205 km / h ) and a barometric pressure of 957 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 26 inHg ) . Thereafter , Uleki stalled for two days to the southwest of Hawaii , resulting in heavy surf across the state . The dangerous swells killed two people on Oahu . 
 Unfavorable environmental conditions caused weakening of the hurricane by September 4 as it resumed a west @-@ northwest course away from Hawaii . Conditions later became favorable and Uleki acquired winds of 105 mph ( 165 mph ) on September 7 , constituting its secondary peak . The hurricane crossed the International Dateline on September 8 and was reclassified as typhoon . Remaining well away from land , the cyclone steadily weakened to a tropical storm by September 12 . Gradually turning north and later east , the degrading cyclone transitioned into an extratropical cyclone four days later and ultimately dissipated on September 17 near the International Dateline . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 In late @-@ August 1988 , increased convective activity was noted along the Intertropical Convergence Zone by forecasters at the Central Pacific Hurricane Center ( CPHC ) . An area of low pressure subsequently developed within this disturbance and was designated as Tropical Depression One @-@ C at 12 : 00 UTC on August 28 . Upon classification , the depression was situated roughly 800 mi ( 1 @,@ 300 km ) southeast of the Big Island of Hawaii and moving west @-@ northwest . Steady intensification ensued over the following day with the system attaining gale @-@ force winds by 18 : 00 UTC on August 29 , at which time it was assigned the name Uleki . The storm later attained winds of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) on August 31 and was dubbed a hurricane as it passed 350 mi ( 560 km ) south of Hilo . Thereafter , Uleki underwent a sudden period of rapid intensification and achieved major hurricane status later that day . After reaching this strength , Uleki 's forward motion gradually lessened and eventually almost ceased altogether on September 1 as upper @-@ level steering currents collapsed . 
 With the hurricane situated to the southwest of the Hawaiian Islands , Hurricane Hunters conducted several weather reconnaissance missions into the storm . On September 2 , they found maximum surface winds of 125 mph ( 205 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 957 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 26 inHg ) ; this corresponded to the peak intensity of Uleki . At the time , Uleki displayed a well @-@ organized , tight circulation . The hurricane meandered in the same general area over the next two days , executing several small loops , with a slight northward drift . During this time , its circulation increased in coverage but became less @-@ organized as weakening ensued . Increased wind shear and restricted outflow took their toll on the hurricane . The cyclone 's winds dropped to 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) by 12 : 00 UTC on September 4 as it resumed its west @-@ northwest track under the influence of a subtropical ridge away from the Hawaiian Islands . Uleki passed roughly halfway between Johnston Atoll and the French Frigate Shoals on September 5 . By September 7 , the weakened trend halted and environmental conditions favored reintensification . As Uleki neared the International Dateline , it regained winds of 105 mph ( 165 km / h ) . 
 At 00 : 00 UTC on September 8 , the CPHC transferred warning responsibility of Uleki to the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) and the storm was subsequently referred to as a typhoon . Transfer of warnings occurred when the storm was at 178 ° W rather than at the dateline , where the boundary between the Central and West Pacific basins exists , for unknown reasons . Three hours later Uleki made its closest approach to Midway Atoll , passing 200 mi ( 320 km ) to the south . Shortly thereafter the system crossed the International Dateline and the Japan Meteorological Agency ( JMA ) also began advising on the system . The JMA estimated Uleki to have had a pressure of 945 mb ( hPa ; 27 @.@ 91 inHg ) at this time ; however , this value was derived from satellite estimates rather than direct measurements . Uleki maintained this strength through September 10 as it continued on its west @-@ northwest course . On that day , the typhoon again entered a region of weak steering currents between two anticyclones within the subtropical ridge . A trough approaching from the west was forecast to prompt Uleki to turn east ; however , the typhoon maintained a general northwest motion in a stair @-@ stepped fashion . Increasing wind shear and cooler air soon imparted weakening , and Uleki degraded to a tropical storm by September 12 . 
 Continued effects from shear stripped the cyclone of all deep convection , and by September 14 only a band of cirrus clouds remained in association with Uleki . The JTWC issued their final warning on the system at 00 : 00 UTC that day accordingly . The JMA maintained the system as a tropical depression as the former typhoon began turning to the east . Uleki later transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on September 16 as it accelerated to the east . The system dissipated the following day near the International Dateline , far from any major landmasses . 
 
 = = Preparations and impact = = 
 
 As the hurricane stalled to the southwest of Hawaii on September 3 , tropical storm watches were issued for Oahu , Kauai , and Niihau . High surf advisories were raised for all islands as well . Following Uleki 's turn to the west on September 5 , the tropical storm watches were discontinued . The storm 's erratic movement proved to be troublesome for forecasters and they continuously warned residents to be cautious and alert should the storm double @-@ back to the state . On September 4 , lifeguards at Waikiki Beach and Ala Moana Beach rescued 19 people caught in 5 to 6 ft ( 1 @.@ 5 to 1 @.@ 8 m ) swells . Further north in Oahu , two people drowned after being caught in rough waters . 
 The storm moved roughly halfway between the French Frigate Shoals and Johnston Island on September 5 with no adverse effects in either region due to its weakened state . On September 7 , the 300 residents of Midway Atoll and United States Coast Guard personnel stationed on Kure Atoll prepared for possible hurricane @-@ force winds from the storm . Hurricane Uleki ultimately passed 200 mi ( 320 km ) south of Midway Atoll and produced some coastal flooding from increased surf . Some breaking waves spilled onto the runway at Henderson Field . 
 
 
 = 2016 Spanish Grand Prix = 
 
 The 2016 Spanish Grand Prix ( formally known as the Formula 1 Gran Premio de España Pirelli 2016 ) was a Formula One motor race held on 15 May 2016 at the Circuit de Barcelona @-@ Catalunya in Montmeló , Spain . The race was the fifth round of the 2016 season , and marked the forty @-@ sixth running of the Spanish Grand Prix as a round of the Formula One World Championship . It was the twenty @-@ sixth time that the race has been held at the circuit . 
 Nico Rosberg was the defending race winner and entered the round with a forty @-@ three point lead over teammate Lewis Hamilton in the Drivers ' Championship . Their team , Mercedes , held an eighty @-@ one point lead over Ferrari in the Constructors ' Championship . Hamilton took pole position during qualifying , ahead of teammate Rosberg and Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardo . 
 Max Verstappen won the race upon his debut for his new team Red Bull , having swapped his Toro Rosso seat with Daniil Kvyat ahead of the event . At the age of 18 years and 228 days , Verstappen became the youngest ever winner , the youngest driver to score a podium finish and the youngest ever to lead a lap of a Formula One race , breaking the previous records held by Sebastian Vettel . In the process he also became the first Dutchman to win a Grand Prix . Both Mercedes drivers retired from the race following a collision with each other on the first lap , thus marking the first Mercedes double retirement since the 2011 Australian Grand Prix and the first time the team had not scored a point since the 2012 United States Grand Prix . 
 
 = = Report = = 
 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 Daniil Kvyat and Max Verstappen traded places ahead of the race . Verstappen joined Red Bull Racing while Kvyat returned to Scuderia Toro Rosso . Red Bull 's team principal Christian Horner explained the driver swap with Verstappen 's talent , saying that the 18 @-@ year old Dutchman and Daniel Ricciardo had the potential to become Formula One 's best driver pairing . Furthermore , he stressed that Verstappen 's move to Red Bull would tie him to the team for the foreseeable future . Daniil Kvyat meanwhile expressed surprise at the decision , saying during Thursday 's press conference that he was " shocked " by his demotion , stressing that Red Bull did not give him a " real explanation " . Following problems with his power unit in both the Chinese and Russian Grand Prix , Lewis Hamilton received a redesigned MGU @-@ H unit , in a bid to solve the troubles which hampered him earlier . However , Mercedes was unable to guarantee that the problem would not appear again . 
 With Spain being the first race in Western Europe , and a mid @-@ season test coming up after the race , many teams introduced their first major car updates for the Grand Prix . Mercedes ran a new front wing with a " more pointy " nose during first free practice . Other changes were made to the engine cover and the rear wing . McLaren made more significant changes to their MP4 @-@ 31 , most notably on the front wing , which Sky Sports commentator Ted Kravitz called the " most intricate front wing I 've ever seen " . Force India updated their VJM09 to improve airflow . According to the team , they were looking for improved driveability rather than faster lap times . Renault introduced a new chassis for Jolyon Palmer . More significantly , the French manufacturer debuted a new version of their power unit for both their works team and Red Bull at the two @-@ day test following the race . All other teams except for Sauber also made changes to their cars , with the Swiss team continuing their financial struggles . They also announced that they would be forced to miss the mid @-@ season test , being unable to field a development driver , with regulations demanding that two out of four test days be driven by young driver talents . Both Sauber and Haas were allowed to use the updated version of Ferrari 's 2016 power unit , which the works team had already used in Russia two weeks earlier . 
 Going into the weekend , Nico Rosberg led the Drivers ' Championship , having taken the maximum number of 100 points from the first four races . Lewis Hamilton followed in second with 57 points , while Kimi Räikkönen was third with 43 points . Daniel Ricciardo followed in fourth , ahead of Sebastian Vettel . In the Constructors ' standings , Mercedes was first with 157 points , 81 points clear of second @-@ placed Ferrari . Behind them , Red Bull led fourth @-@ placed Williams by just six points . 
 
 = = = Free practice = = = 
 
 Per the regulations for the 2016 season , two 90 @-@ minute practice sessions were held on Friday and another 60 @-@ minute session was held before qualifying on Saturday . The Ferrari drivers , Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Räikkönen , set the pace in the first session , both on the soft tyre compound . The Mercedes drivers Rosberg and Hamilton followed , albeit on the medium compound , recording more timed laps than their rivals . Both Red Bull cars followed in fifth and sixth , with Daniel Ricciardo faster than new teammate Max Verstappen . Valtteri Bottas was seventh for Williams , two places ahead of teammate Felipe Massa , who at one point spun out at turn five . Upon his return to Toro Rosso , Daniil Kvyat was unable to match the pace of his teammate Carlos Sainz Jr . , ending up half a second behind him . Esteban Ocon made his first free practice appearance of the season for Renault , replacing Jolyon Palmer , but was unable to set a timed lap . He suffered a tyre failure , caused by debris on the track . Force India 's Sergio Pérez managed only nine laps as he spent much of the session in the pit lane after smoke emerged from the rear of his car . 
 Mercedes topped the time sheets in the second session , now switching to the soft compound tyres as well , with Nico Rosberg two and a half @-@ tenths of a second clear of Kimi Räikkönen , while Lewis Hamilton was third fastest , more than seven tenths off Rosberg 's time . Räikkönen 's running was interrupted for a while when he was called back into the pitlane to investigate a fuel system problem , but was able to get back out . Fernando Alonso was seventh fastest for McLaren , but needed a replacement of his car 's plank after running wide over artificial grass surrounding the track . His teammate , Jenson Button , also experienced problems , having to stop at the end of the pitlane early in the session with an electrical issue . Renault 's problem from the first session continued : Jolyon Palmer , back in his car in place of Ocon , suffered a tyre failure on the start @-@ finish straight , bringing out red flags in the process . Renault and tyre supplier Pirelli were left puzzled over the failure , as in this incident , no sign of a cut from debris was found . 
