 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Federer has been regarded by many pundits , coaches , and past and present players as the greatest tennis player of all time . He dominated the game at his peak and has more Grand Slam tournament titles ( 17 ) than any other men 's singles player . He is also the first men 's singles player to have reached 10 consecutive Grand Slam tournament finals and a total of 27 Grand Slam finals . He spent the most amount of time in the Open Era at the top of the ATP Rankings ( 302 weeks ) . He also holds the record for the most titles ( 6 ) at the year @-@ end tournament , where only the year @-@ end 8 highest @-@ ranked players participate . Federer has been ranked among the top 8 players in the world continuously since 14 October 2002 
 Federer has won the ATPWorldTour.com Fans ' Favourite Award a record 13 times consecutively ( 2003 – 2015 ) and the Stefan Edberg Sportsmanship Award ( voted for by the players ) a record 11 times ( 2004 – 2009 , 2011 – 2015 ) , both being awards indicative of respect and popularity . He also won the Arthur Ashe Humanitarian of the Year Award twice in 2006 and 2013 . He was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year for a record four consecutive years ( 2005 – 2008 ) . Federer is at times referred to as the Federer Express , shortened to Fed Express or FedEx , and the Swiss Maestro , or just Maestro . 
 
 = = Post @-@ playing career = = 
 
 After retiring from baseball , Wever returned to school , and earned a bachelor 's degree in English literature from the University of California , Berkeley . He married Melinda in 1988 , and three years later opened up the Horseshoe Tavern , a bar in San Francisco 's Marina District , which he continues to run . 
 While working at his bar , Wever made a return to baseball in a coaching role . He was named varsity baseball coach at Redwood High School in Larkspur , California in 2008 , after having volunteered for the freshman team the year before . He was forced to resign in 2010 due to a diagnosis of large @-@ cell lymphoma . He went on to continue coaching youth baseball camps and leagues , and was bench coach for the San Rafael Pacifics in 2013 . He now spends three days a week feeding the homeless at SF 's St. Anthony 's Dining Room . 
 
 
 = = = Resistance = = = 
 
 On July 17 , the KPA 's 5th Division entered Yongdok , taking the city without much resistance before fierce UN air attacks caused the division heavy losses . Still , it was able to surround the ROK 3rd Division in the city . By now , the 5th Division and the 766th Regiment had been reduced to a combined strength of 7 @,@ 500 men to the ROK 3rd Divisions ' 6 @,@ 469 . The 766th massed its force again to assist the 5th Division in surrounding and besieging the ROK 3rd Division , which was trapped in the city . The 3rd Division , in the meantime , was ordered to remain in the city to delay the North Koreans as long as possible . It was eventually evacuated by sea after delaying North Korean forces for a considerable time . The rugged terrain of the mountains prevented the North Korean forces from conducting the enveloping maneuvers they had used so effectively against other troops , and their advantages in numbers and equipment had been negated in the fight . 
 By July 28 , the division was still embroiled in this fight and the 766th bypassed it and moved toward Chinbo on the left flank of the city . However the 766th had suffered significant setbacks at Yongdok , with substantial losses due to American and British naval artillery fire . Once it arrived in the area , it met heavier resistance from South Korean police and militia operating in armored vehicles . With air support , they offered the heaviest resistance the unit had faced thus far . With the support of only one of the 5th Division 's regiments , the 766th was unable to sustain its advance , and had to pull back by the 29th . Movement from the ROK Capital Division prevented the 766th Regiment from infiltrating further into the mountains . ROK cavalry and civilian police then began isolated counteroffensives against the 766th . These forces included special counter @-@ guerrilla units targeting the 766th and countering its tactics . South Korean troops halted the advance of the North Koreans again around the end of the month thanks to increased reinforcements and support closer to the Pusan Perimeter logistics network . 
 On August 5 , the KPA 's 12th Division pushed back the ROK Capital Division in the Ch 'ongsong @-@ Kigye area , and linked up with elements of the 766th which had infiltrated the area of Pohyunsan . Unopposed , they began to prepare to attack P 'ohang to secure entry into the UN 's newly established Pusan Perimeter . The Regiment was ordered to begin an attack in coordination with the KPA 's 5th Division . The Korean People 's Army planned simultaneous offensives across the entire Perimeter , including a flanking maneuver by the 766th and the 5th Division to envelop UN troops and push them back to Pusan . The 766th was not reinforced ; North Korean planners intended it to move unseen around the UN lines while the majority of the UN and North Korean troops were locked in fighting around Taegu and the Naktong Bulge . 
 By this time , however , North Korean logistics had been stretched to their limit , and resupply became increasingly difficult . By the beginning of August , the North Korean units operating in the area were getting little to no food and ammunition supply , instead relying on captured UN weapons and foraging for what they could find . They were also exhausted from over a month of advancing , though morale remained high among the 766th troops . The 766th Regiment specialized in raiding UN supply lines , and effectively mounted small disruptive attacks against UN targets to equip themselves . 
 
 = = Structure = = 
 
 " Ode to a Nightingale " was probably the first of the middle set of four odes that Keats wrote following " Ode to Psyche " , according to Brown . There is further evidence of this in the structure of the poems because Keats combines two different types of lyrical poetry in an experimental way : the odal hymn and the lyric of questioning voice that responds to the odal hymn . This combination of structures is similar to that in " Ode on a Grecian Urn " . In both poems the dual form creates a sort of dramatic element within the poem . The stanza forms of the poem is a combination of elements from Petrarchan sonnets and Shakespearean sonnets . 
 When it came to vowel forms , Keats incorporated a pattern of alternating historically " short " and " long " vowel sounds in his ode . In particular , line 18 ( " And purple @-@ stained mouth " ) has the historical pattern of " short " followed by " long " followed by " short " and followed by " long " . This alteration is continued in longer lines , including line 31 ( " Away ! away ! for I will fly to thee " ) which contains five pairs of alternations . However , other lines , such as line 3 ( " Or emptied some dull opiate to the drains " ) rely on a pattern of five " short " vowels followed by " long " and " short " vowel pairings until they end with a " long " vowel . These are not the only combination patterns present , and there are patterns of two " short " vowels followed by a " long " vowel in other lines , including 12 , 22 , and 59 , which are repeated twice and then followed up with two sets of " short " and then " long " vowel pairs . This reliance on vowel sounds is not unique to this ode , but is common to Keats 's other 1819 odes and his Eve of St. Agnes . 
 The poem incorporates a complex reliance on assonance — the repetition of vowel sounds — in a conscious pattern , as found in many of his poems . Such a reliance on assonance is found in very few English poems . Within " Ode to a Nightingale " , an example of this pattern can be found in line 35 ( " Already with thee ! tender is the night " ) , where the " ea " of " Already " connects with the " e " of " tender " and the " i " of " with " connects with the " i " of " is " . This same pattern is found again in line 41 ( " I cannot see what flowers are at my feet " ) with the " a " of " cannot " linking with the " a " of " at " and the " ee " of " see " linking with the " ee " of " feet " . This system of assonance can be found in approximately a tenth of the lines of Keats 's later poetry . 
 When it came to other sound patterns , Keats relied on double or triple caesuras in approximately 6 % of lines throughout the 1819 odes . An example from " Ode to a Nightingale " can be found within line 45 ( " The grass , the thicket , and the fruit @-@ tree wild " ) as the pauses after the commas are a " masculine " pause . Furthermore , Keats began to reduce the amount of Latin @-@ based words and syntax that he relied on in his poetry , which in turn shortened the length of the words that dominate the poem . There is also an emphasis on words beginning with consonants , especially those that begin with " b " , " p " or " v " . These three consonants are relied on heavily in the first stanza , and they are used syzygically to add a musical tone within the poem . 
 In terms of poetic meter , Keats relies on spondee throughout his 1819 odes and in just over 8 % of his lines within " Ode to a Nightingale " , including line 12 : 
 and line 25 : 
 To Walter Jackson Bate , the use of spondees in lines 31 – 34 creates a feeling of slow flight , and " in the final stanza . . . the distinctive use of scattered spondees , together with initial inversion , lend [ s ] an approximate phonetic suggestion of the peculiar spring and bounce of the bird in its flight . " 
 
 = Played , W = 
 Wins , T 
 = = = Female Peronist Party and women 's suffrage = = = 
 
 Biographers Fraser and Navarro wrote that Eva Perón has often been credited with gaining the right to vote for Argentine women . While Eva did make radio addresses in support of women 's suffrage and also published articles in her Democracia newspaper asking male Peronists to support women 's right to vote , ultimately the ability to grant to women the right to vote was beyond Eva 's powers . Fraser and Navarro claim that Eva 's actions were limited to supporting a bill introduced by one of her supporters , Eduardo Colom , a bill that was eventually dropped . 
 A new women 's suffrage bill was introduced , which the Senate of Argentina sanctioned on 21 August 1946 . It was necessary to wait more than a year before the House of Representatives sanctioned it on 9 September 1947 . Law 13 @,@ 010 established the equality of political rights between men and women and universal suffrage in Argentina . Finally , Law 13 @,@ 010 was approved unanimously . In a public celebration and ceremony , however , Juan Perón signed the law granting women the right to vote , and then he handed the bill to Eva , symbolically making it hers . 
 Eva Perón then created the Female Peronist Party , the first large female political party in the nation . Navarro and Fraser write that by 1951 , the party had 500 @,@ 000 members and 3 @,@ 600 headquarters across the country . Navarro and Fraser write that while Eva Perón did not consider herself a feminist , her impact on the political life of women was decisive . Thousands of previously apolitical women entered politics because of Eva Perón . They were the first women active in Argentine politics . The combination of female suffrage and the organization of the Female Peronist Party granted Juan Perón a large majority ( sixty @-@ three percent ) of the vote in the 1951 presidential elections . 
 
 = = = = 2009 – 10 season = = = = 
 
 Following the end of the season , he agreed a new contract with Liverpool , which he signed on 14 August . By signing this contract , Torres had the option of a one @-@ year extension after the contract 's expiration in 2013 . Torres scored two goals in a 3 – 2 win over West Ham United on 19 September 2009 , a result that took Liverpool to third in the Premier League . A week later he scored his first hat @-@ trick of the 2009 – 10 Premier League season in a 6 – 1 victory over Hull City at Anfield . He was named Premier League Player of the Month for September , after scoring five goals during the month and becoming the Premier League 's top goalscorer . On 25 October 2009 , he scored the first goal in a 2 – 0 victory for Liverpool over Manchester United , after which Benítez praised Torres ' performance , saying " We were waiting for that final pass . When it came we knew he would score . " Torres was named in the FIFPro World XI for the second successive season in December 2009 . His stoppage @-@ time winning goal against Aston Villa on 29 December 2009 made him the fastest Liverpool player ever to score 50 league goals . He was substituted on 65 minutes in a 1 – 1 draw with Birmingham City on 4 April 2010 , which Benítez justified by saying Torres was " exhausted " . Torres made his last appearance of the season scoring twice in a 4 – 1 victory over Benfica in the Europa League on 8 April 2010 , and it was announced on 18 April that he would miss the rest of the season to undergo knee surgery . This meant that Torres finished the season with 22 goals in 32 games in all competitions , finishing as Liverpool 's top scorer for the second time . 
 
 = = = Duke = = = 
 
 In Alabama 's first @-@ ever trip to Duke , the Crimson Tide defeated the Blue Devils by a final score of 62 – 13 in front of the largest crowd at Wallace Wade Stadium since the 1994 season . Playing in his first game of the 2010 season following knee surgery , Mark Ingram ran for a team high 152 yards on nine carries with two touchdowns . 
 Greg McElroy completed 14 of 20 passes for 258 yards , with three touchdowns and one interception . In the second quarter Trent Richardson scored Alabama 's first special teams touchdown of the season with a 96 @-@ yard kickoff return . Other offensive highlights included Richardson gaining 66 yards on seven carries and Eddie Lacy gaining 53 yards on seven carries with each scoring a touchdown on the ground . Through the air , Julio Jones led the team with 106 receiving yards on six catches with he , Darius Hanks and Preston Dial each making a touchdown reception . 
 The game also marked the return of Marcell Dareus following a two @-@ game suspension from the NCAA for receiving improper benefits . After allowing 13 points in the first half , the Alabama defense shut out the Duke offense in the second half . The 62 points scored by the Tide were the most since a 62 – 0 victory over Tulane during the 1991 season , and the 45 points scored in the first half were the most scored in one half since scoring 45 in the second half of the 1973 victory over California . The 626 yards of total offense were the most amassed by an Alabama team since gaining 644 against LSU in 1989 . The victory improved Alabama 's all @-@ time record against the Blue Devils to 3 – 1 . 
 
 = = 1999 law = = 
 
 Signed into law by President Valdas Adamkus on June 9 , 1999 , the " Law on the National Anthem of the Republic of Lithuania " details when and where the national anthem is played and its performance protocols . 
 Article 2 of the law states that the anthem is to be played at the following occasions : At the beginning or ending of solemn sessions of the Seimas , on national holidays and memorial days , and at receptions and farewells of foreign heads of state on official visits to Lithuania — but only after the anthem of the foreign country has been played . 
 It is played in foreign countries to represent Lithuania , according to their own diplomatic protocols ; on national holidays and other days when the Flag of Lithuania is raised by order of the government ; when the flag is raised during public events sponsored by governmental institutions , business , and organizations ; and at the beginning and end of National Radio programming . The anthem may also be played at other occasions , such as sporting competitions . 
 When playing the anthem , the music may be either live or recorded . The anthem may be performed with a choir , an orchestra , a military band , or a combination of the latter two . Article 4 , section 2 , states that all participants are encouraged to sing the national anthem . When the anthem is played , all civilians are asked to stand in a gesture of respect to the anthem . If employees of national defense , police , and other military or military @-@ related organizations are present , they must respect the anthem in a way prescribed by their statutes . The anthem cannot be used as background music , purposes of advertisement , or for entertainment , such as karaoke . Public disrespect of the anthem may be punishable by law . 
 
 = = = Alloys = = = 
 
 Antimony forms a highly useful alloy with lead , increasing its hardness and mechanical strength . For most applications involving lead , varying amounts of antimony are used as alloying metal . In lead – acid batteries , this addition improves the charging characteristics and reduces generation of unwanted hydrogen during charging . It is used in antifriction alloys ( such as Babbitt metal ) , in bullets and lead shot , cable sheathing , type metal ( for example , for linotype printing machines ) , solder ( some " lead @-@ free " solders contain 5 % Sb ) , in pewter , and in hardening alloys with low tin content in the manufacturing of organ pipes . 
 
