 
 " Odaenathus " is the Roman version of the king 's name who was born Lucius Septimius Udaynath c . 220 AD . " Udaynath " is the king 's personal name , an Arabic name that means " little ear " . " Septimius " was the family 's gentilicium ( surname ) adopted as an expression of loyalty to the Roman Severan dynasty , whose emperor Septimius Severus granted the family Roman citizenship in the late second century . 
 In the Temple of Bel at Palmyra , a stone block with a sepulchral inscription was found mentioning the building of a tomb and recording the genealogy of the builder : Odaenathus son of Hairan son of Wahb Allat son of Nasor . Traditional scholarship believed the builder to be an ancestor of the king and he was given the designation " Odaenathus I " . In an inscription dated to 251 , the name of the " Ras " ( lord ) of Palmyra Hairan son of Odaenathus is written , and he was thought to be the son of Odaenathus I. 
 Prior to the 1980s , the earliest known inscription attesting king Odaenathus was dated to 257 , leading traditional scholarship to believe that Hairan Ras of Palmyra is the father of the king and that Odaenathus I was his grandfather . However , an inscription published in 1985 by archaeologist Michael Gawlikowski and dated to 252 mentions king Odaenathus as a " Ras " and records the same genealogy found in the sepulchral inscription confirming the name of king Odaenathus ' grandfather as Wahb Allat . Therefor , it is certain that king Odaenathus is the builder of the tomb ruling out the existence of " Odaenathus I " . Ras Hairan mentioned in the 251 inscription is identical with Odaenathus ' elder son and co @-@ ruler prince Hairan I. 
 The origin of the family is Aramean , while the king himself appears to be of mixed Aramean and Arab descent ; his name is Arabic , while the names of his ancestors ( father Hairan and great grandfather Nasor ) are Aramaic . Zosimus asserted that Odaenathus descended from " illustrious forebears " , but the position of the family in Palmyra is debated ; it was probably part of the wealthy mercantile class . Alternatively , the family could have belonged to the tribal leadership who amassed a fortune as landowners and patrons of the Palmyrene caravans . In Dura @-@ Europos , a relief dated to 159 was commissioned by Hairan son of Maliko son of Nasor ; this Hairan might have been the head of the Palmyrene trade colony in Dura @-@ Europos and probably belonged to the same family of Odaenathus . " Nasor " father of Maliko mentioned in the Dura @-@ Europos inscription could therefore be Odaenathus ' great @-@ great @-@ great grandfather . 
 
 = = Rise = = 
 
 Palmyra was an autonomous city subordinate to Rome and part of Syria Phoenice province . Odaenathus descended from an aristocratic family , albeit not a royal one as the city was ruled by a council and had no tradition of hereditary monarchy . Bilingual inscriptions from Palmyra record the title of the Palmyrene ruler as " Ras " in Palmyrene and Exarchos in Greek , meaning the " Lord of Palmyra " . The title was created for Odaenathus , and was not a usual title in the Roman Empire or a part of the traditional Palmyrene governance institutions ; whether it indicated a military or a priestly position is unknown , but the military role is more likely . 
 The rise of the aggressive Sasanian Empire in 224 and the Iranian incursions which affected Palmyrene trade , combined with the weakness of the Roman empire , were probably the reasons behind the Palmyrene council 's decision to elect a lord for the city in order for him to lead a strengthened army . The " Ras " title enabled the bearer to tackle the difficult situation that arose due to the Sasanian insurgencies ; the supreme authority of the Ras probably made him the supreme civil and military commander with authority over the entire Palmyrene army , which was previously decentralized and led by different generals . 
 
 = = = Ras of Palmyra = = = 
 
 An undated inscription refers to Odaenathus as a Ras and records the gift of a throne to him by a Palmyrene citizen named " Ogeilu son of Maqqai Haddudan Hadda " , which confirms the supreme character of Odaenathus ' title . The earliest known inscriptions mentioning the title are dated to October 251 and April 252 ; the 251 inscription refer to Odaenathus ' eldest son Hairan I as Ras while the 252 inscription mention Odaenathus with that title . Hairan I was apparently elevated to co @-@ lordship status by his father . Although the written evidence for Odaenathus lordship dates to 251 , it is possible that he acquired the title as early as the 240s ; following the death of Roman emperor Gordian III in 244 during a campaign against Persia , the Palmyrenes might have elected Odaenathus to defend the city . 
 Odaenathus was described as Roman senator in the undated tomb inscription and Hairan I was mentioned with the same title in the 251 inscription . Scholarly opinions vary on the exact date of Odaenathus ' elevation to the position ; Gawlikowski and Jean Starcky maintain that the senatorial rank predates the Ras elevation . Udo Hartmann concludes that Odaenathus first became a Ras in the 240s then a senator in 250 . Another possibility is that the senatorial rank and lordship occurred simultaneously ; Odaenathus was chosen as a Ras following Gordian 's death , then after Philip the Arab concluded a peace with the Persians , the emperor ratified Odaenathus ' lordship and admitted him to the senate to guarantee Palmyra 's continuous subordination . 
 As early as the 240s , Odaenathus inflated the Palmyrene army , recruiting the desert nomads and increasing the numbers of the Palmyrene heavy cavalry units ( clibanarii ) . In 252 , Persian emperor Shapur I started a full @-@ scale invasion of the Roman provinces in the east . During the second campaign of the invasion , Shapur conquered Antioch and headed south where his advance was checked in 253 by Emesa 's priest king Uranius Antoninus . The events of 253 were mentioned in the works of the sixth century historian John Malalas who also mentioned a leader by the name " Enathus " inflicting a defeat upon the retreating Shapur near the Euphrates . " Enathus " is probably identical with Odaenathus , and while Malalas ' account indicate that Odaenathus defeated the Persians in 253 , there is no proof that the Palmyrene leader engaged Shapur before 260 and Malalas ' account seems to be confusing Odaenathus ' future actions during 260 with the events of 253 . 
 Shapur I destroyed the Palmyrene trade colonies all along the Euphrates ( including the colonies at Anah in 253 and at Dura @-@ Europos in 256 ) ; Peter the Patrician says that Odaenathus approached Shapur to negotiate Palmyrene interests but was rebuffed and the gifts sent to the Persians were thrown into the river . The date for the attempted negotiations is debated ; Some scholars including John F. Drinkwater set the event in 253 while others such as Alaric Watson set it in 256 following the destruction of Dura @-@ Europos . 
 
 = = = Governor of Syria Phoenice = = = 
 
 Several inscriptions dating to the end of 257 or early 258 show Odaenathus bearing the title " ὁ λαμπρότατος ὑπατικός " ( Clarissimus Consularis ) ; this could be a mere honoring or a sign that he was appointed as the Legatus of Phoenice . However , the title ( ὁ λαμπρότατος ὑπατικός ) was sometimes used in Syria to denote the provincial governor and William Waddington proposed that Odaenathus was indeed the governor of Phoenice . 
 Five of the inscriptions mentioning Odaenathus as consul are dated to the Seleucid year 569 ( 258 AD ) during which no governor for Phoenice is attested , which might indicate that this was Odaenathus ' year of governorship . In the city of Tyre , Phoenice 's capital , the lines " To Septimius Odaenathus , the most illustrious . The Septimian colony of Tyre " were found inscribed on a marble base ; the inscription is not dated and if it was set after 257 then it indicates that Odaenathus was appointed as the governor of the province . 
 These speculations cannot be proven without doubt but as a governor , Odaenathus would have been the highest authority in the province and above any legionary commander and provincial officials ; this would make him the commander of the Roman forces in the province . Whatever the case may be , starting from 258 , Odaenathus strengthened his position and extended his political influence in the region . By 260 , Odaenathus held the rank , credibility and power to pacify the Roman east following the Battle of Edessa . 
 
 = = = Edessa = = = 
 
 Faced with Shapur 's third campaign , the Roman emperor Valerian marched against the Persian monarch but was defeated near Edessa in late spring 260 and taken as a prisoner . The Persian emperor then ravaged Cappadocia , Cilicia and claimed to have captured Antioch , the metropolis of Syria . Taking advantage of the situation , Fulvius Macrianus , the commander of the imperial treasury , declared his sons Quietus and Macrianus Minor as joint emperors in August 260 opposing Valerian 's son Gallienus . Fulvius Macrianus took Antioch as his center and organized the resistance against Shapur ; he dispatched Balista , his praetorian prefect , to Anatolia . Shapur was defeated in the region of Sebaste at Pompeiopolis prompting the Persians to evacuate Cilicia while Balista went back to Antioch . Balista 's victory was only partial , as Shapur withdrew east of Cilicia where the marauding Persian units continued to occupy the area , while a Persian force took advantage of Balista 's return to Syria and headed further west in Anatolia . 
 
 = = Reign = = 
 
 According to the Augustan History , Odaenathus was declared king of Palmyra as soon as the news of the Roman defeat at Edessa reached the city . It is not known if Odaenathus contacted Fulvius Macrianus and there is no evidence that he took orders from him . 
 
 = = = Early Persian war and Syria = = = 
 
 Odaenathus assembled the Palmyrene army and Syrian peasants then marched north to meet the Persian emperor , who was back from Cilicia . The Palmyrene monarch fell upon the retreating Shapur at a place between Samosata and Zeugma west of the Euphrates in late summer 260 . Odaenathus defeated the Persians , expelling Shapur from the province of Syria . However , the Sassanians kept the regions east of the Euphrates . 
 In the beginning of 261 , Fulvius Macrianus headed to Europe accompanied by Macrianus Minor leaving Quietus and Balista in Emesa . Odaenathus ' whereabouts during this episode are not clear ; he could have distributed the army in garrisons along the frontier or might have brought it back to his capital . The Palmyrene monarch seems to have waited until the situation clear , declaring loyalty neither to Fulvius Macrianus nor to Gallienus . In the spring of 261 , Fulvius Macrianus arrived in the Balkans but was defeated and killed along with Macrianus Minor ; Odaenathus then marched on Emesa where Quietus and Balista were staying . The Emesans killed Quietus as Odaenathus approached the city , while Balista was captured and executed by the king in autumn 261 . 
 
 = = = = Ruler of the East = = = = 
 
 The elimination of the usurpers left Odaenathus as the most powerful leader in the Roman east ; he was granted many titles by the emperor but those honors are debated among scholars : 
 Dux Romanorum ( commander of the Romans ) : was probably given to Odaenathus to recognize his position as the commander in chief of the forces in the east against the Persians ; it was inherited by Odaenathus ' son and successor Vaballathus . 
 Corrector totius orientis ( commander of the entire East ) : it is generally accepted by modern scholars that he bore this title . The corrector had an overall command of the Roman armies and authority over the Roman provincial governors in the designated region . There are no known attestations of the title during Odaenathus ' lifetime . Evidences for the king bearing the title are two inscriptions in Palmyrene dialect ; one posthumous dedication describing him as MTQNNʿ of the East ( derived from the Aramaic root TQN , meaning to set in order ) , and the other describing his heir Vaballathus with the same title albeit using the word PNRTTʿ instead of MTQNNʿ . 
 However , the sort of authority accorded by this position is widely discussed . The problem arise from the word MTQNNʿ ; its exact meaning is debated . The word is translated to Latin as corrector but restitutor is another possible translation ; the latter title was an honorary one meant to praise the bearer for driving enemies out of Roman territories . However , the inscription of Vaballathus is clearer as the word PNRTTʿ is not a Palmyrene word but a direct Palmyrene translation of the Greek term Epanorthotes which is usually an equivalent to corrector . 
 According to David Potter , Vaballathus inherited his father 's exact titles . Hartmann points that there have been cases where a Greek word was translated directly to Palmyrene and a Palmyrene equivalent was also used to mean the same thing . The dedication to Odaenathus would be the using of a Palmyrene equivalent , while the inscription of Vaballathus would be the direct translation . Despite all the arguments , it cannot be certain without doubt that Odaenathus was a corrector . 
 Imperator totius orientis ( emperor of the entire East ) : only the Augustan History claims that Odaenathus was conferred with this title , and also goes so far as to claim that he was made an Augustus ( co @-@ emperor ) following his defeat of the Persians . Both claims are dismissed by scholars . Odaenathus seems to have been acclaimed as Imperator by his troops which is a salutation reserved for the Roman emperor ; this acclamation might explain the erroneous reports of the Augustan History . 
 Regardless of the titles , Odaenathus controlled the Roman East with the approval of Gallienus who could do little but to formalize Odaenathus self achieved status and settle for his formal loyalty . Palmyra itself , although officially still part of the Roman empire , became a de facto allied state to Rome instead of a provincial city . Outside of Palmyra , Odaenathus ' authority extended from the Pontic coast in the north to Palestine in the south . This area included the Roman provinces of Syria , Phoenice , Palaestina , Arabia , Anatolia 's eastern regions and later ( following the campaign of 262 ) Osroene and Mesopotamia . 
 
 = = = = First Persian campaign 262 = = = = 
 
 Perhaps driven by the will to take revenge for the destruction of Palmyrene trade centers and discourage Shapur from initiating future attacks , Odaenathus launched an invasion against the Persians . In the spring of 262 , the king marched north into the occupied Roman province of Mesopotamia , driving out the Persian garrisons and freeing Edessa and Carrhae . The first onslaught was aimed at Nisibis , which Odaenathus regained but sacked since the inhabitants were sympathetic toward the Persian occupation . The Palmyrene monarch destroyed the Jewish city of Nehardea , 45 km west of the Persian capital Ctesiphon , as he deemed the Jews of Mesopotamia loyal to Shapur . By late 262 or early 263 , Odaenathus stood at the walls of the Persian capital . 
 The exact route taken by Odaenathus from Palmyra to Ctesiphon remains uncertain ; it is probably similar to the route emperor Julian took in 363 during his campaign against Persia . Using this route , Odaenathus would have crossed the Euphrates at Zeugma then moved east to Edessa followed by Carrhae then Nisibis ; here , he would have descended south along the Khabur River to the Euphrates valley and marched alongside the river 's left bank to Nehardea . After taking the city , he penetrated the Sassanian province of Asōristān and marched along the royal canal Naarmalcha towards the Tigris where the Persian capital stood . 
 Once at Ctesiphon , Odaenathus immediately began the siege of the well @-@ fortified winter residence of the Persian kings ; severe damage was inflicted upon the surrounding areas due to the battles with Persian troops . The city held its ground and the logistical problems of fighting in enemy 's land probably prompted the Palmyrenes to lift the siege . Odaenathus headed north along the Euphrates carrying with him numerous prisoners and booty . The invasion resulted in the full restoration of the Roman lands ( Osroene and Mesopotamia provinces ) occupied by Shapur since the beginning of his invasions in 252 . However , Dura @-@ Europus and other Palmyrene posts south of Circesium , such as Anah , were not rebuilt . Odaenathus sent the captives to Rome and by the end of 263 , Gallienus added Persicus Maximus ( " The great victor in Persia " ) to his titles and held a triumph . 
 
 = = = King of Kings = = = 
 
 In 263 , after his return , Odaenathus assumed the title King of Kings of the East ( Mlk Mlk ) , and headed to Antioch , the traditional capital of Syria , where he crowned his son Hairan I as co @-@ King of Kings . The title was a symbol of legitimacy in the East , starting with the Assyrians then the Achaemenids who used it to symbolize their supremacy over all other rulers and was adopted by the Parthian monarchs following their defeat of the Seleucids to legitimize their conquests . The first Sassanian monarch Ardashir I adopted the title following his victory over the Parthians . Odaenathus ' son was crowned with a diadem and a tiara ; the choice of the location was probably meant to express that the Palmyrene monarchs were now the successors of the Seleucid and Iranian rulers who controlled Syria and Mesopotamia in the past . 
 
 = = = = Relation with Rome = = = = 
 
 In the Roman empire 's hierarchical system , a vassal king usage of the King of Kings title did not indicate that he is a peer of the emperor or that the vassalage ties were cut . The title was probably a challenge not to the Roman emperor but to Shapur I ; Odaenathus was declaring that he , not the Persian monarch , was the legitimate King of Kings in the East . A tessera depicting Hairan I shows him wearing a crown shaped like that of the Parthian monarchs , so it must have been Odaenathus ' crown ; this combination of title and imagery indicate that Odaenathus considered himself the rival of the Sassanians and the protector of the region against them . 
 Odaenathus ' intents are questioned by some historians such as Drinkwater who attribute the attempted negotiations with Shapur to Odaenathus ' quest for power . However , in contrast to the norm of his period when powerful generals proclaimed themselves emperors , Odaenathus chose not to usurp Gallienus ' throne , and minted no coins bearing his own image . The king had total control over his kingdom of Palmyra and effective control over the Roman East where his military authority was absolute . Odaenathus respected Gallienus ' privilege to appoint provincial governors , but dealt swiftly with opposition ; the Anonymus post Dionem mention the story of Kyrinus ( Quirinus ) , a Roman official , who showed dissatisfaction with Odaenathus ' authority over the Persian frontier and was immediately executed by the king . 
 In general , Odaenathus ' actions were connected to his and Palmyra 's interests only ; his support of Gallienus and his Roman titles did not hide the Palmyrene base of his power and the local origin of his armies , as with his decision not to wait for the emperor to help in 260 . Odaenathus ' status seems to have been , as Watson put it , " something between powerful subject , independent vassal king and rival emperor " . 
 
 = = = = Administration = = = = 
 
 Outside his kingdom , Odaenathus had an overall administrative and military authority over the provincial governors of the Roman eastern provinces . Inside Palmyra , no Roman provincial official had any authority ; the king filled the government with Palmyrene staffs . In parallelism to the Iranian practice of making the government appear as a family enterprise , Odaenathus bestowed his own gentilicium ( Septimius ) upon his leading generals and officials such as Zabdas , Zabbai and Worod . 
 The Palmyrene constitutional institutions continued to function normally during Odaenathus ' reign ; he maintained the council and most civic establishments , permitting the election of magistrates until 264 . When Odaenathus was on campaign , the kingdom was administered by a viceroy , Septimius Worod . 
 
 = = = = Second Persian campaign 266 = = = = 
 
 Sources are silent regarding the events following the first Persian campaign but the silence in itself is an indication of the peace that prevailed and that the Persians stopped being a threat to the Roman East . The evidence for the second campaign is meager ; Zosimus is the only one to mention it specifically . A passage in the Sibylline Oracles is interpreted by Hartmann as an indication of the second invasion . The campaign took place in 266 or 267 and was aimed directly at Ctesiphon ; Odaenathus reached the walls of the Persian capital but had to cancel the siege and march north to face the influx of Germanic riders attacking Anatolia . 
 
 = = = = Anatolian campaign = = = = 
 
 The Romans used the designation " Scythian " to denote many tribes regardless of ethnic origin and sometimes the term would be interchangeable with Goths ; the tribes attacking Anatolia were probably the Heruli who built ships to cross the Black Sea in 267 and ravaged the coasts of Bithynia @-@ Pontus besieging Heraclea Pontica . According to Syncellus , Odaenathus arrived at Anatolia with Hairan I and headed to Heraclea but the riders were already gone . They loaded the spoils onto their ships but many perished in a sea battle probably conducted by Odaenathus ; another possibility is that they were shipwrecked . 
 
 = = Assassination = = 
 
 Odaenathus was assassinated along with Hairan I in late 267 ; the date is debated and some scholars propose 266 or 268 , but Vaballathus dated his first year of reign between August 267 and August 268 , making late 267 the most probable date . The assassination took place either in Anatolia , or in Syria while the king was returning to Palmyra ; there is no consensus on the manner , perpetrator or the motive behind the act . 
 According to Syncellus , Odaenathus was assassinated near Heraclea Pontica trying to quell a tribal incursion into Pontus ; he gives the name of the assassin as another Odaenathus who may or may not have been a relative of the king . The assassin was killed by the king 's bodyguard . Hartmann support the theory that Odaenathus was killed in Pontus . 
 Zosimus simply mention that Odaenathus was killed by conspirators near Emesa at a friend 's birthday party without naming the killer . Zonaras attributes the crime to a nephew of Odaenathus but does not give a name . 
 The Augustan History claims that a cousin of the king named Maeonius killed him , while the Anonymus post Dionem names the assassin as another Odaenathus . 
 
 = = = Burial = = = 
 
 The stone block found in the Temple of Bel bearing Odaenathus ' sepulchral inscription was brought from the tomb built by him ; this shrine 's location is unknown . At the western end of the Great Colonnade at Palmyra , a shrine designated the " Funerary Temple no . 86 " ( also known as the House Tomb ) is located . Inside its chamber , steps lead down to a vault crypt which is now lost . This mausoleum might have belonged to the royal family , being the only tomb inside the city 's walls . 
 
 = = = Assassination theories = = = 
 
 Roman conspiracy : John Antiochenus accuse Gallienus of the assassination . An interesting passage in the work of the Anonymus post Dionem speaks of a certain " Rufinus " who orchestrated the assassination on his own initiative then explained his act to the emperor who condoned the crime . This story talks about Rufinus ordering the murder of an older Odaenathus out of fear that he would rebel , and has the younger Odaenathus complaining to the emperor . Since the older Odaenathus ( Odaenathus I ) was proved to be a fictional character , the story was neglected by most scholars . However , according to Theodor Mommsen , younger Odaenathus is an oblique reference to Vaballathus ; Rufinus should be identified with Cocceius Rufinus , the Roman governor of Arabia between 261 / 262 . The evidence for a Roman conspiracy is very weak and can not be confirmed . 
 Family feud : According to Zonaras , Odaenathus ' nephew misbehaved during a lion hunt ; he made the first attack and killed the animal to the dismay of the king . Odaenathus warned the nephew who ignored the warning and repeated the act twice causing the king to deprive him of his horse which is a great insult in the East . The nephew threatened Odaenathus and was put in chains as a result ; Hairan I asked his father to forgive his cousin and his request was granted but as the king was drinking , the nephew approached him with a sword and killed him along with Hairan I. The bodyguard immediately executed the nephew . 
 Zenobia : the wife of Odaenathus was accused by the Augustan History of having formerly conspired with Maeonius , as Hairan I was her stepson and she could not accept that he was the heir to her husband instead of her own children . However , there is no suggestion in the Augustan History that Zenobia was involved in the event that saw her husband 's murder ; the act is attributed to Maeonius ' degeneracy and jealousy . Those accounts by the Augustan History can be dismissed as fiction . The hints in modern scholarship that Zenobia had a hand in the assassination out of her desire to rule the empire and dismay with her husband 's pro @-@ Roman policy can be dismissed as there was no reversal of that policy during the first years following Odaenathus ' death . 
 Persian agents or Palmyrene traitors : the possibility of a Persian involvement exists but the outcome of the assassination would not have served Shapur without establishing a pro @-@ Persian monarch on the Palmyrene throne . Another possibility would be Palmyrenes dissatisfied with Odaenathus ' reign and the changes of their city 's governmental system . 
 
 = = Family and succession = = 
 
 Odaenathus was married twice ; nothing is known about his first wife 's name or fate . Zenobia was the king 's second wife whom he married in the late 250s when she was 17 or 18 years old . 
 The number of children Odaenathus had with his first wife is unknown and only one is attested : 
 Hairan I : the name appears on a 251 inscription from Palmyra describing him as Ras implying that he was already an adult by then . In the Augustan History , Odaenathus ' eldest son is named Herod ; the inscription at Palmyra dating to 263 celebrating Hairan 's coronation mentions him with the name Herodianus . It is possible that Hairan of the 251 inscription is not the same as Herodianus of the 263 , but this is contested by Hartmann who conclude that the reason for the difference in the spelling is due to the language used in the inscription ( Herodianus being the Greek version ) , meaning that Odaenathus ' eldest son and co @-@ king is Hairan Herodianus . 
 The children of Odaenathus and Zenobia are : 
 Vaballathus : he is attested on several coins , inscriptions , and in the ancient literature . 
 Harian II : his image appear on a seal impression along with his older brother Vaballathus as the sons of Zenobia ; his identity is much debated . Potter suggest that he is the same as Herodianus who was crowned in 263 and that Hairan I mentioned in 251 died before the birth of Hairan II . 
 Herennianus and Timolaus : the two were mentioned in the Augustan History and are not attested in any other source ; Herennianus might be a conflation of Hairan and Herodianus while Timolaus is most probably a fabrication , although Dietmar Kienast suggest that he might be Vaballathus . 
 Possible descendants of Odaenathus living in later centuries are reported ; " Lucia Septimia Patabiniana Balbilla Tyria Nepotilla Odaenathiana " is known through a dedication dating to the late third or early fourth century inscribed on a tombstone erected by a wet nurse to her " sweetest and most loving mistress " . The tombstone was found in Rome at the San Callisto in Trastevere . Another possible relative is " Eusebius " who is mentioned by Libanius in 391 as a son of an " Odaenathus " who was in turn a descendant from the king ; the father of Eusebius is mentioned as fighting against the Persians ( most probably in the ranks of emperor Julian ) . In 393 , Libanius mentioned that Eusebius promised him a speech written by Longinus for the king . In the fifth century , the philosopher " Syrian Odaenathus " lived in Athens and was a student of Plutarch of Athens ; he might have been a distant descendant of the king . 
 The Augustan History claims that Maeonius was proclaimed emperor for a brief period before being killed by the soldiers . However , no inscriptions or other evidence exist for Maeonius ' reign and he was probably killed immediately after assassinating the king . Odaenathus was succeeded by his son , the ten @-@ year @-@ old Vaballathus under the regency of Zenobia . Hairan II probably died soon after his father , as only Vaballathus succeeded to the throne . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Odaenathus was the founder of the Palmyrene royal dynasty ; he left Palmyra the premier power in the East , and his actions laid the foundation of Palmyrene strength which culminated in the establishment of the Palmyrene Empire in 270 . Many writers wrote about deeds of Odaenathus ; Nicostratus of Trebizond probably accompanied the king on his campaigns and wrote a history of that period starting from Philip the Arab and ending shortly before the king 's death . According to Potter , Nicostratus ' account was meant to glorify Odaenathus and demonstrate his superiority over Roman emperors . 
 The memory of Odaenathus was highly esteemed in the Roman empire ; the Augustan History , written in the fourth century , places Odaenathus among the Thirty Tyrants ( probably because he assumed the title of king ) . However , it speaks highly of his role in the Persian war and credit him with saving the empire : " Had not Odaenathus , prince of the Palmyrenes , seized the imperial power after the capture of Valerian when the strength of the Roman state was exhausted , all would have been lost in the East " . 
 The king was praised by Libanius , and was the subject of a prophecy in the Thirteenth Sibylline Oracle : " Then shall come one who was sent by the sun [ i.e. Odaenathus ] , a mighty and fearful lion , breathing much flame . Then he with much shameless daring will destroy ... the greatest beast — venomous , fearful and emitting a great deal of hisses [ i.e. Shapur ] " . 
 Odaenathus is viewed negatively in Rabbinic sources ; his sack of Nehardea mortified the Jews , and he was cursed by the Babylonian Jews and the Jews of Palestine . 
 
 
 = Banksia violacea = 
 
 Banksia violacea , commonly known as violet banksia , is a species of shrub or tree in the plant genus Banksia ( family Proteaceae ) . It generally grows as a small shrub to 1 @.@ 5 m ( 5 ft ) high with fine narrow leaves , and is best known for its unusually coloured dark purple @-@ violet inflorescences . The colour of the inflorescences , short leaves , and flattened follicles which are sticky when young , help identify this species from others in the field . It is found in low shrubland in southern regions of Western Australia from Esperance in the east to Narrogin in the west , growing exclusively in sandy soils . 
 First described in 1927 by the West Australian botanist Charles Gardner , the species was at one stage considered a variety of B. sphaerocarpa . Although there are no recognised subspecies or varieties , both lignotuberous and nonlignotuberous forms exist for Banksia violacea . Wasps , ants and flies have been recorded visiting flower spikes . Banksia violacea is classified as Not Threatened under the Wildlife Conservation Act of Western Australia . Regarded as of little value to floriculture , it is rarely cultivated . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Banksia violacea grows as a shrub up to 1 @.@ 5 m ( 5 ft ) tall , with narrow leaves 1 – 2 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 0 @.@ 8 in ) long and about 0 @.@ 15 cm ( 0 @.@ 06 in ) wide . New growth occurs in summer , and flowering ranges from November to April with a peak in February , but can be irregular in timing . Flowers arise from typical Banksia " flower spikes " , and the inflorescences are made up of hundreds of pairs of flowers densely packed in a spiral around a woody axis . Roughly spherical with a diameter of 2 – 3 cm ( 0 @.@ 8 – 1 @.@ 2 in ) , the flower spikes arise from lateral stems lie partly within the foliage . Unusually for Banksia species , the inflorescences are often violet in colour , ranging anywhere from a dark violet @-@ black through various combinations of violet and greenish @-@ yellow in less pigmented blooms . Each flower consists of a tubular perianth made up of four fused tepals , and one long wiry style . The styles are hooked rather than straight , and are initially trapped inside the upper perianth parts , but break free at anthesis . The old flowers gradually fade to brown . The fruiting structure or follicle is a stout woody " cone " , with a hairy appearance caused by the persistence of old withered flower parts . These follicles are crowded around the globular spike ( called an infructescence at this point ) and are oval to rhomboid , although the crowding makes some irregularly shaped . They measure 1 – 2 @.@ 5 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 1 in ) long , 0 @.@ 6 cm ( 0 @.@ 2 in ) high and 0 @.@ 8 – 2 @.@ 2 cm ( 0 @.@ 3 – 0 @.@ 9 in ) wide . They are quite flattened and lack a ridge along the valve line . When young , the follicles are greenish in colour and slightly sticky , and covered in fine white hairs , fading to tan or grey with age . They open with fire , releasing a winged wedge @-@ shaped ( cuneate ) seed 2 – 2 @.@ 5 cm ( 0 @.@ 8 – 1 in ) long . The mottled dark grey seed body is falcate ( crescent @-@ shaped ) and measures 1 @.@ 2 – 1 @.@ 8 cm ( 0 @.@ 5 – 0 @.@ 7 in ) long and 0 @.@ 2 – 0 @.@ 25 cm ( 0 @.@ 1 in ) wide , with a flattened dark brown wing 1 @.@ 1 – 1 @.@ 7 cm ( 0 @.@ 4 – 0 @.@ 5 in ) wide . The woody separator has the same dimensions as the seed . 
 The bright green cotyledon leaves of the seedlings are oblong to linear in shape and measure 1 @.@ 5 cm ( 0 @.@ 6 in ) long by 0 @.@ 3 cm ( 0 @.@ 1 in ) wide . The greenish red hypocotyl is hairy , as are the stems of young plants . The hairy seedling leaves are crowded and oppositely arranged . They measure 0 @.@ 7 – 1 @.@ 3 cm ( 0 @.@ 2 – 0 @.@ 5 in ) in length and have recurved margins . Young plants often begin branching within their first year of life . 
 
 = = Taxonomy = = 
 
 The type specimen of Banksia violacea was collected by the West Australian botanist Charles Gardner on 14 December 1926 in the vicinity of Lake Grace . The following year , he published a description of the species in Journal and Proceedings of the Royal Society of Western Australia . He placed it in section Oncostylis of Bentham 's taxonomic arrangement of Banksia , giving it the specific epithet violacea in reference to the violet flowers . Thus the full name of the species , with author citation , is Banksia violacea C.A.Gardner. The species has been considered a variety of B. sphaerocarpa ( Fox Banksia ) ; this view was published by William Blackall in his 1954 How to know Western Australian wildflowers . He considered B. violacea to be a variety of B. sphaerocarpa with violet flowers . This description was an invalid publication , however , and a nomen nudum . In 1981 Alex George declared Banksia sphaerocarpa var. violacea Blackall a nomenclatural synonym of B. violacea . 
 In George 's 1981 arrangement , B. violacea was placed in subgenus Banksia because its inflorescence is a typical Banksia " flower spike " ; section Oncostylis because of its hooked styles ; and series Abietinae because its inflorescence is roughly spherical . It was placed in taxonomic sequence between B. incana ( Hoary Banksia ) and B. meisneri ( Meissner 's Banksia ) . 
 In 1996 , Kevin Thiele and Pauline Ladiges published the results of a cladistic analysis of morphological characters of Banksia . They retained George 's subgenera and many of his series , but discarded his sections . B. ser . Abietinae was found to be very nearly monophyletic and so it was retained . It further resolved into four subclades , so Thiele and Ladiges split it into four subseries . B. violacea appeared in the last of these : 
 This clade became the basis of B. subseries Longistyles , which Thiele defined as containing those taxa with very long and slender styles , smoothly convex perianth limbs without a costal ridge , and thickened margins . In accordance with their cladogram , their arrangement placed B. violacea first in taxonomic sequence , followed by B. laricina ( Rose @-@ fruited Banksia ) . However , Thiele and Ladiges ' arrangement was not accepted by George , who , questioning the emphasis on cladistics , rejected most of their changes in his 1999 arrangement , restored B. series Abietinae to his broader 1981 definition , and abandoned all of Thiele and Ladiges ' subseries . George commented that the species has no close relatives , being " loosely allied " to B. sphaerocarpa ( Fox Banksia ) and B. telmatiaea ( Swamp Fox Banksia ) . Despite this , the sequence of the series was altered so that B. violacea fell between B. scabrella ( Burma Road Banksia ) and B. incana , and its placement in George 's arrangement may be summarised as follows : 
 Banksia 
 B. subg . Banksia 
 B. sect . Banksia ( 9 series , 50 species , 9 subspecies , 3 varieties ) 
 B. sect . Coccinea ( 1 species ) 
 B. sect . Oncostylis 
 B. ser . Spicigerae ( 7 species , 2 subspecies , 4 varieties ) 
 B. ser . Tricuspidae ( 1 species ) 
 B. ser . Dryandroideae ( 1 species ) 
 B. ser . Abietinae 
 B. sphaerocarpa ( 3 varieties ) 
 B. micrantha 
 B. grossa 
 B. telmatiaea 
 B. leptophylla ( 2 varieties ) 
 B. lanata 
 B. scabrella 
 B. violacea 
 B. incana 
 B. laricina 
 B. pulchella 
 B. meisneri ( 2 subspecies ) 
 B. nutans ( 2 varieties ) 
 B. subg . Isostylis ( 3 species ) 
 Since 1998 , an American botanist , Austin Mast , has been publishing results of ongoing cladistic analyses of DNA sequence data for the subtribe Banksiinae . His analyses suggest a phylogeny that is very greatly different from George 's arrangement , and somewhat different from Thiele and Ladiges ' . With respect to B. violacea , Mast 's results agree with its placement near B. laricina and B. incana , placing it in a clade with these two species and B. sphaerocarpa var. dolichostyla ( treated at species rank as B. dolichostyla ) . However , Thiele 's B. subseries Longistyles appears to be polyphyletic , as do both definitions of B. ser . Abietinae — that is , none form a natural grouping . 
 Early in 2007 , Mast and Thiele initiated a rearrangement of Banksia by merging Dryandra into it , and publishing B. subgenus Spathulatae for the taxa having spoon @-@ shaped cotyledons . They foreshadowed publishing a full arrangement once DNA sampling of Dryandra was complete ; in the meantime , if Mast and Thiele 's nomenclatural changes are taken as an interim arrangement , then B. violacea is placed in B. subgenus Spathulatae . 
 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 
 B. violacea occurs in southern regions of Western Australia , from Woodanilling to Esperance and as far north as Hyden . This distribution includes areas of the Avon Wheatbelt , Esperance Plains and Mallee biogeographic regions . It favours white sandy soils , often overlying laterite , clay or quartzite . It usually grows among heath and shrublands , associated with mallee eucalypts and Banksia sphaerocarpa var. caesia . Banksia violacea is classified as Not Threatened under the 1950 Wildlife Conservation Act of Western Australia . 
 
 = = Ecology = = 
 
 Like most other Proteaceae , Banksia violacea has proteoid roots , roots with dense clusters of short lateral rootlets that form a mat in the soil just below the leaf litter . These enhance solubilisation of nutrients , thus allowing their uptake in low @-@ nutrient soils such as the phosphorus @-@ deficient soils of Australia . B. violacea is highly susceptible to Phytophthora cinnamomi dieback . 
 Banksia violacea is one of a small number of Banksia species that has both lignotuberous and non @-@ lignotuberous populations . In both cases , plants are adapted to release their aerial seed bank following a bushfire , ensuring seedlings are established on clear and relatively fertile ground ; however the possession of a lignotuber makes plants much less reliant on fire regime for population maintenance and regeneration , as maternal plants are not killed by bushfire , but resprout from below ground level . Lignotuberous plants generally occur among the north @-@ eastern populations , in the vicinity of Woodanilling . An investigation into the biogeography of these plants failed to find any vegetative , climatic or other environmental factors associated with the possession of a lignotuber . 
 Banksia flowerheads in general play host to a variety of birds , mammals and insects . However , only wasps , ants and flies were recorded visiting flower spikes during observations for The Banksia Atlas in the mid @-@ 1980s . 
 
 = = Cultivation = = 
 
 Banksia violacea is rarely cultivated . It is a slow @-@ growing plant that tends to become untidy with age , and generally does not flower until four to five years after sprouting from seed . Flowers are an unusual colour , but occur within the bush where they grow within and are usually obscured by foliage . It tolerates light pruning not below the green foliage , except for the variant with a lignotuber , which may be pruned heavily . George recommends a sunny position in light , sandy soil . Professor Margaret Bernard Sedgley of the Waite Institute suggests the species is of no value to floriculture , as the inflorescences are too small and obscured by the foliage , although she does add that the purple colour may be a worthwhile character to select for in plant breeding . Seeds do not require any treatment , and take 19 to 50 days to germinate . 
 
 
 = Rob Howard = 
 
 Rob Howard ( born 1954 or 1955 ) is a Canadian politician who was elected to the 39th Parliament of British Columbia as the Member of the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from the riding of Richmond Centre . A member of the BC Liberal Party , he replaced retiring BC Liberal Olga Ilich in that riding , by winning the riding in the 2009 provincial election . While his party formed a majority government , Howard was not included in Gordon Campbell 's cabinet but was appointed to several committees , including the Select Standing Committee on Public Accounts in the first two sessions , and Select Standing Committee on Finance and Government Services in the third and fourth session . Howard introduced one piece of legislation , the Trustee Board of the Church of God , Richmond Municipality , B.C. ( Corporate Restoration ) Act , 2009 ( Pr 402 ) , to retroactively restore that organization 's corporate status . 
 As chair of the Select Standing Committee on Finance and Government Services , Howard supported Premier Campbell 's efforts at establishing the Harmonized Sales Tax . Following Campbell 's resignation , Howard endorsed Kevin Falcon but Christy Clark won the leadership election . Clark eventually made Howard a Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Transportation . In this position he advocated for Open Sky agreements and continued this advocacy in his post @-@ political life by establishing the non @-@ profit organization OpenSkies4Canada . Howard did not seek re @-@ election during the 2013 provincial election and was replaced by BC Liberal Teresa Wat . 
 Prior to his election to the legislature , Howard worked in property management . He served as a City Councillor in the Richmond , British Columbia for seven years . He was first elected to the Richmond , British Columbia City Council in the October 2001 by @-@ election as a member of the Richmond Non @-@ Partisan Association and was re @-@ elected in the November 2002 and 2005 civic elections as a member of the Richmond First Party . He sat on council as an independent starting in 2006 . While on council he advocated in favour of casino expansion , locating the Olympic speed @-@ skating oval in Richmond , and developing a convention centre . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Rob Howard was born and raised in Richmond . He graduated from the University of British Columbia where he studied Urban Land Economics . He went on to work at Richmond Savings Credit Union for almost 20 years , and in 1994 , started his own business , NCL Real Estate Management , which specialized in Property Development and property management . He is married to Trudy and has one son , Justin ( Jay ) . 
 Howard volunteered with the Richmond Minor Hockey Association for over 12 years , and was active with Tourism Richmond , the Richmond Chamber of Commerce , and the Real Estate Institute of BC . While his mother had served as an Alderwoman on the Richmond City Council , Howard 's political career began with a civic bylaw election in October 2001 . Howard , belonging to the civic political party Richmond Non @-@ Partisan Association , was elected to one of the three available seats on the Richmond City Council . After less than a year on council , Howard left the Richmond Non @-@ Partisan Association to join a new pro @-@ business political party , Richmond First , which he saw as being less controlling and allowing him to make more independent decisions . He was re @-@ elected in the November 2002 civic election , with his Richmond First party taking four of the eight council seats . 
 On local issues , Howard was an advocate of opening Richmond to gambling facilities , which led to the River Rock Casino Resort . He was supportive of heritage preservation measures but opposed Richmond 's tree preservation bylaw . He was the only one on council who preferred the elevated option for the Canada Line ( then known as the Richmond @-@ Airport @-@ Vancouver Line ) , whereas the other councillors preferred the ground level option or no SkyTrain extension at all . He was an advocate for building a convention centre and the most ardent supporter of removing a 55 @-@ acre piece of land from the Agricultural Land Reserve as a possible location for it , though the removal was refused . When the possibility of the city constructing a speed @-@ skating oval associated with the 2010 Winter Olympics came , Howard was a vocal supporter . He travelled to Lillehammer , Norway , in 2004 as part of a committee to investigate similar facilities built for the 1994 Winter Olympics . He also traveled to Pierrefonds , Quebec and Asia as part of the sister city program . He was not supportive of proposals to build a new soccer facility or financially contributing to tall ships tourism attractions . Because previous councils had made funding commitments at the expense of the city 's reserve funds rather than the tax base , Howard 's time on council was marked with consistent property tax increases around 3 to 4 % each year . Howard unsuccessfully lobbied other councillors to hire more police officers . He became the subject of a lawsuit , along with other Richmond First councillors , alleging a conflict @-@ of @-@ interest occurred after they approved a rezoning allowing a controversial pub . 
 In the 2005 civic election , he was again elected , though his Richmond First party only won three of the eight seats . He unsuccessfully lobbied his fellow councillors to appoint him to fill one of Richmond 's two seats at Metro Vancouver . With not even his own party members supporting him for the Metro Vancouver seat and finding himself being alone in a number of issues , such as supporting the SkyTrain line being elevated , opposing the tree preservation bylaw , and wanting to hire more police officers , Howard left the Richmond First party in February 2006 to be an independent . 
 
 = = Provincial politics = = 
 
 Following the announcement by Richmond Centre MLA Olga Ilich that she would not be seeking re @-@ election , Howard announced , in January 2008 , that he would seek to replace Ilich as the BC Liberal Party candidate in the next election . As no one else came forward to challenge Howard , he was acclaimed , in November 2008 , to be the BC Liberal candidate . In the general election , held in May 2009 , he was challenged by a New Democratic Party candidate , notary public Kam Brar , and a Green Party candidate , teacher Michael Wolfe , and Nation Alliance Party candidate , accountant Kang Chen . The riding was considered to be a safe seat for the BC Liberals to win , which the 54 @-@ year @-@ old Howard did win with over 60 % of the vote , with his BC Liberal Party winning a majority government . 
 As the 39th Parliament began , BC Premier Gordon Campbell did not include Howard in his cabinet . Howard was appoint to the Select Standing Committee on Public Accounts in the first two sessions and then the Select Standing Committee on Finance and Government Services in the third and fourth sessions , in which he chaired the committee and traveled the province gathering public input regarding budget spending priorities . He was also appointed to the Select Standing Committee on Crown Corporations and the Select Standing Committee on Education in the first two sessions , but neither committee held any meetings . He introduced one piece of legislation , a private members bill , the Trustee Board of the Church of God , Richmond Municipality , B.C. ( Corporate Restoration ) Act , 2009 ( Pr 402 ) which retroactively restored that organization 's corporate status . 
 Howard toured the province advocating for the federal government to enter into Open skies agreements with Asian nations . He also advocated for the Harmonized Sales Tax . Howard remained loyal to Premier Campbell , praising his October 2010 announcement of using the remainder of the budget to cut income tax by 15 % , two weeks before the Select Standing Committee on Finance and Government Services was to deliver its report on public consultation for budget priorities . After Campbell resigned , and the tax cut undone , the 2011 BC Liberal leadership election ensued . Along with Richmond 's other two MLAs , John Yap and Linda Reid , Howard endorsed Kevin Falcon to be the new party leader , citing Falcon 's willingness to listen to all arguments and saying " I think he can bring a new dynamic , a youthful energy to the discussion ; he 's a great speaker , a great debater . " Christy Clark eventually won the leadership and became premier but , like Campbell , did not include Howard in the executive council . In March 2012 , Premier Clark promoted Howard to a parliamentary secretary position under the Ministry of Transportation and directed to focus on air services agreements where he served until September . In early 2013 , Howard was selected by BC Liberal caucus chair , Gordon Hogg , to assist with the party 's investigation into the party 's alleged use of government resources and employees in partisan promotional efforts in certain ethnic communities . 
 Following a summer of deliberations on his future , Howard cited " personal reasons " including a desire to spend more time with his wife , in his September 2012 announcement that he would not be seeking re @-@ election in the up @-@ coming May 2013 provincial general election . This decision was a surprise to his party because his Richmond Centre riding was considered a safe seat for him to be re @-@ elected . With no obvious successor , a competitive BC Liberal Party primary began . By the end of the year , two candidates announced their intention to run : school trustee Grace Tsang and RCMP officer Gary Law . However , Howard approached Teresa Wat , the CEO of the Chinese language radio station CHMB , to be his replacement . Though she did not live in the riding , she was viewed as a better candidate and , in January 2013 , the party announced she would be the candidate . While the other candidate Tsang withdrew his nomination to accept a position on a political advisory committee , Law alleged he was harassed to drop out and requested a RCMP investigation . Law decided to run as an independent candidate but only received xxx of the vote , with Wat winning the election and subsequently being named Minister of International Trade . Following the election Howard founded the non @-@ profit organization OpenSkies4Canada to advocate for Open Sky agreements to allow more airline competition in Canadian international airports . 
 
 = = Electoral history = = 
 
 
 
 = Oribi = 
 
 Oribi ( pronounced / ˈȯrəbē / ) ( Ourebia ourebi ) is a small antelope found in eastern , southern and western Africa . The sole member of its genus , the oribi was first described by the German zoologist Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann in 1782 . Eight subspecies are identified . The oribi reaches nearly 50 – 67 centimetres ( 20 – 26 in ) at the shoulder and weighs 12 – 22 kilograms ( 26 – 49 lb ) . This antelope features a slightly raised back , and long neck and limbs . The glossy , yellowish to rufous brown coat contrasts with the white chin , throat , underparts and rump . Only males possess horns ; the thin , straight horns , 8 – 18 centimetres ( 3 @.@ 1 – 7 @.@ 1 in ) long , are smooth at the tips and ringed at the base . 
 Typically diurnal , the oribi is active mainly during the day . Small herds of up to four members are common ; males defend their group 's territory , 25 – 100 hectares ( 62 – 247 acres ) large . The oribi is primarily a grazer , and prefers fresh grasses and browses occasionally . A seasonal breeder , the time when mating occurs varies geographically . Unlike all other small antelopes , oribi can exhibit three types of mating systems , depending on the habitat – polyandry , polygyny and polygynandry . Gestation lasts for six to seven months , following which a single calf is born ; births peak from November to December in southern Africa . Weaning takes place at four to five months . 
 The oribi occurs in a variety of habitats – from savannahs , floodplains and tropical grasslands with 10 – 100 centimetres ( 3 @.@ 9 – 39 @.@ 4 in ) tall grasses to montane grasslands at low altitudes , up to 2 @,@ 000 metres ( 6 @,@ 600 ft ) above the sea level . This antelope is highly sporadic in distribution , ranging from Senegal in the west to Ethiopia and Eritrea in the east and southward to Angola and the Eastern Cape ( South Africa ) . The oribi has been classified as Least Concern by the IUCN ; numbers have declined due to agricultural expansion and competition from livestock . 
 
 = = Taxonomy = = 
 
 The scientific name of the oribi is Ourebia ourebi . The sole member of its genus , the oribi is placed under the family Bovidae . The species was first described by the German zoologist Eberhard August Wilhelm von Zimmermann in 1782 . The oribi was formerly included in the tribe Neotragini , that comprised a variety of other dwarf antelopes , including Dorcatragus ( beira ) , Madoqua ( dik dik ) , Neotragus , Oreotragus ( klipspringer ) and Raphicerus . In 1963 , German mammalogist Theodor Haltenorth separated the oribi and Raphicerus into a new tribe , Raphicerini ; later on , zoologist Jonathan Kingdon assigned the oribi to Ourebini , a tribe of its own . The common name " oribi " ( pronounced / ˈȯrəbē / ) comes from the Afrikaans name for the animal , oorbietjie . 
 In a revision of the phylogeny of the tribe Antilopini on the basis of nuclear and mitochondrial data in 2013 , Eva Verena Bärmann ( of the University of Cambridge ) and colleagues showed that the oribi is the sister taxon to all other antilopines . The cladogram below is based on the 2013 study . 
 The following eight subspecies are identified : 
 Of these , zoologists Colin Groves and Peter Grubb identify O. o. hastata , O. o. montana , O. o. ourebi and O. o. quadriscopa as independent species in their 2011 publication Ungulate Taxonomy . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The oribi is a small , slender antelope ; it reaches nearly 50 – 67 centimetres ( 20 – 26 in ) at the shoulder and weighs 12 – 22 kilograms ( 26 – 49 lb ) . The head @-@ and @-@ body length is typically between 92 and 110 centimetres ( 36 and 43 in ) . Sexually dimorphic , males are slightly smaller than females ( except for O. o. ourebi , in which females are smaller ) . This antelope features a slightly raised back , and long neck and limbs . The glossy , yellowish to rufous brown coat contrasts with the white chin , throat , underparts and rump . The bushy tail , brown to black on the outside , has white insides ( except in O. o. hastata , that has a completely black tail ) . The subspecies show some variation in colouration ; O. o. ourebi is a rich rufous , while O. o. hastata is yellower . 
 Only males possess horns ; the thin , straight horns , 8 – 18 centimetres ( 3 @.@ 1 – 7 @.@ 1 in ) long , are smooth at the tips and ringed at the base . The maximum horn length , 19 @.@ 1 centimetres ( 7 @.@ 5 in ) , was recorded in 1998 from Malawi . The oribi has at least six different , well @-@ developed scent glands ( such as the prominent preorbital glands near the eyes ) . The body has several modifications , such as the large fossae below the eyes , to accommodate such a large number of glands . Females have four teats . 
 
 = = Ecology and behaviour = = 
 
 The oribi is diurnal ( active mainly during the day ) , though some activity may also be observed at night . The animal rests in cover during rain events . Unlike all other small antelopes , oribi can exhibit three types of mating systems , depending on the habitat – polyandry , polygyny and polygynandry ; polygyny tends to prevail as the female @-@ to @-@ male ratio increases . A study suggested that polygyny is preferred in areas of high predator risk , as it leads to formation of groups as an anti @-@ predator measure . Small herds of up to four members are also common . 
 Males defend their group 's territory , 25 – 100 hectares ( 62 – 247 acres ) large ; female members may also show some aggression and drive away intruders . A study showed that the number of females that visit the male 's territory depends on the appearance ( particularly the symmetry ) of the male 's horns . Males mark vegetation and soil in their territories by preorbital gland secretions and excrement ; the intensity of marking increases with the number of male neighbours . Dominant males tend to have greater access to females in and around the territory than other males . An important feature of the social behaviour of oribi is the " dung ceremony " , in which all animals form temporary dung middens . Oribi at least three months old have been observed giving out one to three alarm whistles on sensing danger . These whistles are more common in adults than in juveniles , and males appear to whistle more . Common predators include carnivorans such as jackals . 
 
 = = = Diet = = = 
 
 Primarily a grazer , the oribi prefers fresh grasses and browses occasionally . Grasses can constitute up to 90 % of the diet ; preferred varieties include Andropogon , Eulalia , Hyparrhenia , Loudetia , Pennisetum and Themeda species . Mineral licks are also visited regularly . Oribi have been observed feeding on flowers and Boletus mushrooms . Groups of oribi congregate in the rainy season , when grasses are abundant . 
 
 = = = Reproduction = = = 
 
 Both sexes become sexually mature at 10 to 14 months . A seasonal breeder , the time when mating occurs varies geographically . Mating may peak in the rainy season ( August to September ) . When a female enters oestrus ( which lasts for four to six days ) , it seeks the company of males . During courtship , the male will pursue the female , test her urine to check if she is in oestrus and lick her rump and flanks . Gestation lasts for six to seven months , following which a single calf is born ; births peak from November to December in southern Africa . The newborn is kept in concealment for nearly a month ; the mother pays regular visits to her calf to suckle it for nearly half an hour . Males may guard their offspring from predators and keep away other males . Weaning takes place at four to five months . The oribi lives for 8 to 12 years in the wild , and for 12 to 14 years in captivity . 
 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 
 The oribi occurs in a variety of habitats – from savannahs , floodplains and tropical grasslands with 10 – 100 centimetres ( 3 @.@ 9 – 39 @.@ 4 in ) tall grasses to montane grasslands at low altitudes , up to 2 @,@ 000 metres ( 6 @,@ 600 ft ) above the sea level . Recently burnt areas often attract groups of oribi . The choice of habitat depends on the availability of cover needed to escape the eyes of predators . Population densities typically vary between 2 and 10 individuals per km2 ; however , densities as high as 45 individuals per km2 have been recorded in tropical grasslands that receive over 110 centimetres ( 43 in ) of annual rainfall and open floodplains . The oribi 's range overlaps with those of larger grazers such as the African buffalo , hippopotamus , hartebeest , Thomson 's gazelle and topi . These separate species often occur in close proximity to each other , increasing predator vigilance . 
 This antelope is highly sporadic in distribution ; it occurs mainly in eastern , southern and western Africa , ranging from Nigeria and Senegal in the west to Ethiopia and Eritrea in the east and southward to Angola and the Eastern Cape ( South Africa ) . It is feared to be extinct in Burundi . 
 
 = = Threats and conservation = = 
 
 The oribi has been classified as Least Concern by the IUCN . The total population ( as of 2008 ) is estimated at 750 @,@ 000 . However , the subspecies O. o. haggardi is listed as Vulnerable because , as of 2008 , the total population is estimated at less than 10 @,@ 000 mature individuals , and is feared to be declining . Hunting is a relatively minor threat , since the oribi shows some tolerance to hunting . Nevertheless , the steep fall of 92 % in oribi populations in Comoé National Park ( Côte d 'Ivoire ) has been attributed to poaching . Numbers have also declined due to agricultural expansion and competition from livestock . 
 The oribi occurs in a number of protected areas throughout its range , such as : Gashaka Gumti National Park in Nigeria , the Pendjari and W National Parks ( Benin ) ; Aouk Hunting Zone ( Chad ) ; Benoue , Bouba Njida and Faro National Parks ( Cameroon ) ; Manovo @-@ Gounda St. Floris National Park ( Central African Republic ) ; Garamba , Upemba and Kundelungu National Parks ( Congo @-@ Kinshasa ) ; Omo National Park ( Ethiopia ) ; Masai Mara Game Reserve and Ruma National Park ( Kenya ) ; Golden Gate Highlands National Park ( South Africa ) ; Serengeti National Park ( Tanzania ) ; Kidepo Valley , Lake Mburo and Murchison Falls National Parks ( Uganda ) ; Kafue and Liuwa Plain National Parks and Bangweulu Swamp ( Zambia ) . 
 
 
 = Rockstar 101 = 
 
 " Rockstar 101 " is a song by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna from her fourth studio album , Rated R ( 2009 ) . The song features the British @-@ American guitarist Slash of the rock group Guns N ' Roses . It was released on May 18 , 2010 , as the fifth single from the album . Rihanna wrote the song in collaboration with the producers The @-@ Dream and Christopher " Tricky " Stewart ; vocal production was carried out by Makeba Riddick . The album version is a hip hop song , while the remix EP 's consist of dance , dubstep and electronic music adaptations , some of which were remixed by Dave Audé and Mark Picchiotti . 
 Critical response to " Rockstar 101 " was mixed ; some critics praised Rihanna 's " bravado " while others criticized the " aggressive " tone . The song charted at number 64 on the United States ' Billboard Hot 100 chart , and number two on the Hot Dance Club Songs chart . To promote the song , Rihanna performed on American Idol in April 2010 . It has been included on the set lists of her Last Girl on Earth Tour ( 2010 – 11 ) and Diamonds World Tour ( 2013 ) . Melina Matsoukas directed the song 's music video , which portrays Rihanna impersonating Slash . She wears custom made jewelry designed by Fannie Schiavoni in some parts of the video , while Blink @-@ 182 drummer Travis Barker makes a cameo appearance . 
 
 = = Background and release = = 
 
 Rihanna co @-@ wrote " Rockstar 101 " in collaboration with the song 's producers The @-@ Dream and Christopher " Tricky " Stewart . Her vocals and the instrumentation for the song were recorded at Serenity Sound Studios in Los Angeles , California , the Boom Boom Room in Burbank , California and Triangle Sound Studios in Atlanta , Georgia . It was mixed by Jaycen Joshua at Larrabee Studios in Universal City , California ; he was assisted in the process by Giancarlo Lino . Rihanna 's vocals were produced by Makeba Riddick . The song was engineered by Marcus Tovar , Brian " B @-@ LUV " Thomas , Andrew Wuepper and Chris " TEK " O 'Ryan . Additional engineering was done by Pat Thrall . Guitar was provided by Tim Stewart , while Monte Neuble performed additional keys . The song features a guitar performance by Slash , the British @-@ American musician , songwriter and former lead guitarist of the American hard rock band Guns N ' Roses . 
 " Rockstar 101 " was the fourth single from the album Rated R to be released in the US and the fifth overall . It was sent to contemporary hit and rhythmic radio stations in the US on May 18 , 2010 , and to Australian radio stations on July 19 , 2010 . The song was released as an extended play ( EP ) in the United States through Masterbeat.com on June 2 , 2010 , to the iTunes Store on July 13 , and in the United Kingdom through Amazon on June 29 , 2010 . These EP 's consist of remixes by various DJs and music producers , including Dave Audé and Mark Picchiotti . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 " Rockstar 101 " is a hip hop song which lasts for three minutes and fifty @-@ eight seconds . It features an " aggressive " guitar solo from Slash , according to Leah Greenblatt of Entertainment Weekly . Rihanna uses her lower register and " heavy " modulation to perform the most of the song , and she " growls " the lyric " The only thing I 'm missing is a black guitar " . Rihanna " struts her stuff " as she insists that she is a " big shit talker " as she proclaims that " I 'll never play a victim / I 'd rather be a stalker " . Sean Fennessey for Spin thought that when Rihanna sings the line " Got my middle finger up , I don 't give a fuck " , it sounded as though she had never sworn before due to how she preciously mewls the word ' fuck ' . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 
 " Rockstar 101 " received mixed responses from music critics . Brian Linder for IGN praised the song , writing that it " actually works " despite sounding disjointed at first . Emily Tartanella of PopMatters defined " Rockstar 101 " as a " brilliant bit of bravado " during her review of Rated R , while Ailbhe Malone for NME wrote that Rihanna sings with " swagger " on the track , which was something that she has Hova to thank for . Jon Pareles for The New York Times simply highlighted a line from the song , " I never play the victim " . Neil McCormick for The Daily Telegraph thought that " Rockstar 101 " was one of the few songs on the album to retain the " vaguest leftover hints of her warm Caribbean vocal flavouring " . Ann Powers for the Los Angeles Times was critical of Slash 's inclusion on the song , and she described it as an " afterthought " . Powers wrote " she can definitely get by without that ultimate rock phallic symbol " , a reference to Slash . Pitchfork Media 's Ryan Dombell felt that " Rockstar 101 , alike " Russian Roulette " and " The Last Song " , were " instantly @-@ dated missteps from a bygone era when a Slash feature was cool " . He further wrote that " Rockstar 101 " and " G4L " were " harder to justify considering their mindless boasts and torpid production " . The song was met with a negative review from The Guardian 's Alex Petridis , who wrote " At one extreme , the resemblance of ' Umbrella ' ' s chorus to that of a stadium rock ballad seems to have encouraged Rihanna to cut out the middle @-@ man and just start making stadium rock : cue the awful widdly @-@ woo guitars of ' Rockstar 101 ' and ' Fire Bomb ' " . 
 
 = = = Chart performance = = = 
 
 " Rockstar 101 " made its first chart appearance on the United States ' Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart , where it peaked at number two ; it stayed on the chart for 14 weeks . The song peaked on the US Hot Digital Songs chart at number 28 , spending seven weeks on the chart . It subsequently peaked at number 64 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart and spent five weeks on the chart . It also peaked at number 10 on the US R & B / Hip @-@ hop Digital Songs chart . " Rockstar 101 " debuted on the Australian Singles Chart at number 50 on August 22 , 2010 ; it peaked at number 24 two weeks later for one week , and remained on the chart for six weeks . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 The director Melina Matsoukas filmed the music video for " Rockstar 101 " in April 2010 ; she had previously directed the videos for Rihanna 's singles " Hard " and " Rude Boy " . This video was edited by Nabil Mechi from Murex , who previously edit videos for " S.O.S. " and " Umbrella " . On May 19 , 2010 , Rihanna released a 30 @-@ second sneak @-@ peek preview of the video on the internet , whilst the full video premiered on May 25 , 2010 through the high @-@ definition music video website VEVO . 
 
 = = = Synopsis = = = 
 
 According to Jayson Rodriguez of MTV , the video is " a mix of goth bondage @-@ esque voyeurism , complete with Rihanna 's gyrating moves and a raging band that features Travis Barker on the drums . " Shortly after the video was released , Slash said that he was " flattered " that Rihanna had impersonated him in the video , saying " The video is way better with her being me than with me being me ... all things considered , it brings an element of sexuality to it that I probably wouldn 't have been capable of . I think it 's hot . Everything works out the way it 's supposed to . " 
 Although Slash is featured on " Rockstar 101 " , he does not appear in the music video . Instead , Rihanna pays homage to him by impersonating him by presenting herself wearing a skull @-@ laden top hat , wig , leather jacket , dark glasses and toothpick : Rihanna can be seen strumming a guitar Slash 's style . Rihanna is seen in eight different scenes and settings , one of which showed an almost nude Rihanna covered in black body paint wearing only a spiked crown and jewelry chains , which were created by designer Fannie Schiavoni . In other scenes , Rihanna smashes a black electric guitar and can be seen wearing an outfit made from parts of a guitar . Blink @-@ 182 drummer Travis Barker makes a cameo appearance and is featured as one of the drummers in Rihanna 's rock band . 
 
 = = Live performances = = 
 
 Rihanna first performed " Rockstar 101 " on American Idol on April 7 , 2010 . She wore a black PVC catsuit and was accompanied on stage by guitarist Nuno Bettencourt ; the set design included flame throwers and a video screen which showed guitars , lightning bolts and skulls . At one point , the singer picked and played up a black Gibson Flying V guitar . Larry Carroll for MTV wrote that the extent of Rihanna 's ability to play the guitar was limited to playing it with one finger on one of the strings . However , he complimented Rihanna 's overall performance , writing that her shoulder pads were " nearly as huge as her presence " . He went on to write that she " half @-@ sung , half @-@ spoke " the song . A reviewer for MTV UK agreed with Carroll , writing that " halfway through the performance [ Rihanna ] donned a ' black flying v guitar ' although we 're not sure you could say she ' played ' it ! " Caryn Ganz of Rolling Stone praised Rihanna 's performance , writing " if the introductory rules of rock stardom are ' teach thyself to pick slide , ' ' tight clothes ' and ' pyro ! ' then Rihanna has been paying attention in her ' Rockstar 101 ' classes after all " . 
 A reporter for the Daily Mail wrote that Rihanna displayed her competitive side during her performance on American Idol , after " Lady Gaga set such high standards " . Writing for About.com , Bill Lamb was critical of Rihanna 's decision to perform " Rockstar 101 " on American Idol . He commented that previous media reports had indicated that the singer would be debuting a different album track , " Te Amo " , which was later released as the sixth and final single from Rated R. Lamb thought that " Rockstar 101 " was one of the " weaker " songs on the album , and predicted that it would be " destined to end the streak of three consecutive top 10 pop hits from the album " . While he wrote that the " intensely chilly , distant feel of the song works " within the context of Rated R , Lamb was unsure of whether or not it would appeal to the masses on radio . The song was included on the set list of the Last Girl on Earth Tour ( 2010 – 11 ) . Clay Cane for BET wrote that Rihanna " deserves a round of applause for doing something different , straying away from being a standard pop tart " . " Rockstar 101 " is also included on Rihanna 's Diamonds World Tour ( 2013 ) . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Recording 
 Recorded at Serenity Sound Studios , Los Angeles , CA ; The Boom Boom Room , Burbank CA ; Triangle Sound Studios , Atlanta , GA 
 Mixed at Larrabee Studios , Universal City , CA 
 Personnel 
 Credits adapted from the inlay cover of Rated R. 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 = = Radio and release history = = 
 
 
 
 = St Mary 's Church , Rhodogeidio = 
 
 St Mary 's Church , Rhodogeidio is a small medieval church , dating from the 15th century , near Llannerch @-@ y @-@ medd , in Anglesey , north Wales . It served as a chapel of ease to another church in the area , St Ceidio 's . Some restoration work was carried out in the 19th century , but St Mary 's has since fallen into disuse and is now largely in ruins . 
 It is a Grade II listed building , a national designation given to " buildings of special interest , which warrant every effort being made to preserve them " , in particular because it is " a late Medieval church of exceptionally simple character " , and is virtually unaltered despite its poor condition . One writer has said that St Mary 's " has the distinction of probably being the most isolated church in Anglesey " . 
 
 = = History and location = = 
 
 St Mary 's Church is in the countryside in Rhodogeidio , in Anglesey , north Wales . It is about 1 @.@ 5 miles ( 2 @.@ 4 km ) north of Llannerch @-@ y @-@ medd , towards the north of Anglesey . It is reached by a footpath from a farm – it is only accessible on foot – and is surrounded by a churchyard . 
 It was built in the 15th century as a chapel of ease to serve St Ceidio 's Church , Rhodogeidio , about 0 @.@ 75 miles ( 1 @.@ 25 km ) to the east . Restoration work was carried out in the 19th century , but the church later fell into disuse . It has been in ruins since sometime between 1937 , when the survey by the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments in Wales and Monmouthshire recorded its condition as " fair " , and 1970 , when it was given listed building status and its " very poor " condition noted . 
 
 = = Architecture and fittings = = 
 
 St Mary 's is a small church , measuring 30 feet by 12 feet 3 inches ( about 9 @.@ 1 by 3 @.@ 7 m ) . It dates from the late medieval period , and was constructed using rubble masonry and large stones . It had a slate roof , although most of the roof has now gone , and there is a bellcote at the west end , which may be original rather than a later addition . There is no physical division between the nave and the chancel , although one account in the 19th century said that there had originally been a screen separating them , and some traces of it still remained at that time . 
 Entrance to the church was through a doorway with a square head , in the north wall at the west end ; this dates from the 19th century . An inscribed stone near the doorway has the date 1798 and some initials , and it has been suggested that this marked the date of some renovation work . There are two windows on the south wall , one fully blocked and one partially blocked . The small window at the east end of the church dates from the latter part of the 15th century . 
 Inside , little remains , but the ruins still have most of the original roof trusses ( one , at the west end of the church , is a replacement ) . There are some slate memorial tablets on the walls , dating from the middle of the 19th century , and a plain 12th @-@ century circular font . The 1937 survey noted a bell dating from 1717 and some portions of 17th @-@ century panelled seating near the pulpit ; these were not recorded when the church was given listed status in 1970 . 
 
 = = Assessment = = 
 
 St Mary 's has national recognition and statutory protection from alteration as it has been designated as a Grade II listed building – the lowest of the three grades of listing , designating " buildings of special interest , which warrant every effort being made to preserve them " . It was given this status on 12 May 1970 and has been listed because it is " a late Medieval church of exceptionally simple character " . Cadw ( the Welsh Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales and the inclusion of Welsh buildings on the statutory lists ) also notes that despite its " very poor condition " , St Mary 's " is a virtually unaltered late Medieval building ( even retaining the original roof trusses ) and in its isolation , is characteristic of many churches on the island . " 
 Writing in 1859 , the clergyman and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones called it a " small , plain , single @-@ aisled chapel " , and said that one of the small south windows was " a good specimen of its kind . " A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey says that the " roofless ruin " of St Mary 's " has the distinction of probably being the most isolated church in Anglesey " . 
 
 
 = First Light ( Rebecca Stead novel ) = 
 
 First Light is a young adult science fiction and mystery novel by Rebecca Stead , first published in 2007 . The novel follows Peter , who is in Greenland with his father and mother for research on global warming , and Thea , who lives in Gracehope , an underground colony located below Greenland . First Light explains how global warming is melting Gracehope and Peter and Thea 's attempt to persuade the people to leave . The novel addresses the effects of global warming as a theme . 
 Stead began writing the novel in 2002 , but her first draft was confusing and unorganized . To help her , she met editor Wendy Lamb who advised her to meet with a small group of people who would help critique the novel . After three years of work , Stead finished the second draft and met with Lamb who once again helped make improvements and later published the novel . Reviewers praised the description of Gracehope and main characters , as well as the performances of Coleen Marlo and David Ackroyd who voiced Thea and Peter in a subsequent audiobook publication of First Light . 
 
 = = Inspiration and origins = = 
 
 Stead drew inspiration from many sources in order to create the novel . As a child growing up in a big city , she was interested in the small towns which made her think " that in smaller places , everybody , even the kids , had special identities , where as in a city people are pretty anonymous " . An idea began to form for a hidden society that also served as a small town . 
 Stead began writing First Light in 2002 , but had no experience prior to that . The first draft turned out confusing and unorganized . To help her , Stead met with Wendy Lamb , an editor Stead had met in a workshop a few years before . Lamb suggested that Stead meet with a " critique group " who would help read and revise the drafts Stead wrote . After Stead created a revised copy of the novel in 2005 , she sent it to Lamb again and a contract was drawn up . More revisions were made in order to make the new world created in the novel easier to understand . Stead found it hard " to maintain a sense of ' the whole ' . Over and over I mapped out the book out for myself using post @-@ its in a manila folder , trying to get a sense of where the tension went " . The novel took three years to complete . 
 After the revisions were completed , much of the plot stayed the same , but several events in the original draft were cut out to strengthen the whole book . Stead combined two characters into one , having a stronger outline and also cut out several scenes for minor characters . In the end , Stead found that the revisions helped to make the book more cohesive . 
 
 = = Plot summary = = 
 
 First Light follows the adventure of two protagonists , Peter , who lives with his mother and father in New York but is in Greenland for his father 's research , and Thea , who lives in an underground colony in Greenland called Gracehope . Gracehope was formed hundreds of years ago by a group called the Settlers who used to live in England . They possessed unusual abilities , such as extremely good vision and hearing , leading them to be called ' eye adepts ' and ' ear adepts ' , respectively . These powers were seen as sorcery , prompting Grace , the leader of the Settlers , to bring the Settlers under the ice in Greenland where they could live in peace . 
 While walking around her house , Thea finds a map in her room of Gracehope . The map shows a tunnel leading onto the surface . Thea and her cousin Mattias find the tunnel and meet Peter who helps them back to Gracehope . Reaching Gracehope , Peter realizes that several talismans of the people are in the shape of mitochondrial DNA , which his mom is studying . After waking up from a headache , Peter finds his mom next to his bed . She explains that she used to live in Gracehope , but was banished with her sister , after her sister ventured above the surface and contracted an illness that could not be cured . She also explains that her research of mitochondrial DNA relates to the ability of mutations to benefit the human body , which could cause their extremely good vision and hearing . In the end , she warns Peter that global warming is causing Gracehope to slowly melt away . The entire colony must learn the dangers they face and escape . One obstacle lies in their way : Rowen , Thea and Peter 's grandmother who banished Peter 's mom and did nothing to help Thea 's mom when she was on her deathbed from an illness when she ventured aboveground . Rowen is the head of the Council in Gracehope and is strictly against going aboveground . 
 To convince the rest of the colony , Peter and Thea plan to use a piece of mythology , that a dog with four white paws would be born when it was time to leave . Such a dog had been born several days ago but has yet to open his eyes . Thea decides to proceed without using the dog and tries to convince the colony at a reenactment of the Settler 's escape to Greenland with several allies who know of Rowen 's actions . Just as Thea and her allies are about to lose the argument , Peter arrives with the dog , whose eyes are open . That , coupled with the fact that Peter is an eye adept , the first in a hundred years , convinces the colony to listen to Thea instead of Rowen . The novel ends eight months later as the people of Gracehope are slowly educated on global warming and the dangers of staying in their colony . 
 
 = = Genre and themes = = 
 
 First Light is categorized as a science fiction and mystery novel . Katie Haegele from the Philadelphia Inquirer also listed the novel as a " slow @-@ to @-@ unfold mystery combining elements of science and history with an appealing note of fantasy " . Kirkus Reviews classified the novel as an " ice @-@ age mystery " as both Peter and Thea " discover one another 's worlds as well as the truth about themselves " . Connie Tyrrell Burns from School Library Journal found the novel to be " an exciting , engaging mix of science fiction , mystery , and adventure " . 
 Reviewers also noted the environmental theme in the book . Kirkus Reviews found that " With the impending threat of global warning as an ominous backdrop , teens from very different worlds find they have much in common " . In the novel , Peter finds an underground civilization beneath Greenland that is sinking as a result of global warming . Burns felt that First Light is a " great discussion starter of issues ranging from global warming to shunning and building a new society " . VOYA recognized the global warming theme and also classified First Light as a coming @-@ of @-@ age tale . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 Publisher 's Weekly said , " It is a testament to the storytelling that the existence of this parallel world and the convergence of Peter and Thea 's stories , told in separate chapters , are both credible and absorbing . Young readers will find this a journey worth taking . " Kirkus Reviews found the novel to be a " Thoroughly enjoyable arctic adventure " , praising how the adventure tests the main characters ' courage as they learn the truth of both worlds . Vicky Smith from Horn Book Magazine found the two main characters well written and the city of Gracehope well structured . While , Smith found the city 's origin unbelievable , she recognized that few people would care about that and compared the threat in First Light similar to the one in The City of Ember . Jenifer Hubert from Booklist also compared the novel to The City of Ember and to Neal Shusterman 's Downsiders . Hubert criticized the slow beginning and flaws in the mythology and structure of the underground world , but still felt that " the icy setting and global @-@ warming theme are well realized " . 
 
 = = Audiobook adaption = = 
 
 First Light has been made in an audiobook containing six disks and a length of seven hours and six minutes . The audiobook was released by the Listening Library and read by David Ackroyd and Coleen Marlo for the parts of Peter and Thea , respectively . Kathy Miller from School Library Journal praised the two readers for their performance which " engages listeners , and they are both adept at creating a different voice for each character and moving seamlessly between them " . Miller also found the novel useful for starting a discussion on topics such as " political subterfuge and propaganda to global warming " . A review from Horn Book Review by Jenifer Brabander praised the easy shifts from American to English accents made by both narrators . Brabander also found the tone given to Thea appropriate and compared the novel to Stead 's second work , When You Reach Me , feeling that " [ t ] hough First Light doesn 't reach the excellence of Stead 's second novel , the Newbery @-@ winning When You Reach Me , this audio will nevertheless draw listeners in with its narrators ' strong talent " . 
 
 
 = Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral = 
 
 The Metropolitan Cathedral of the Assumption of the Most Blessed Virgin Mary into Heaven ( Spanish : Catedral Metropolitana de la Asunción de la Santísima Virgen María a los cielos ) is the largest cathedral in the Americas , and seat of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Mexico . It is situated atop the former Aztec sacred precinct near the Templo Mayor on the northern side of the Plaza de la Constitución in Downtown Mexico City . The cathedral was built in sections from 1573 to 1813 around the original church that was constructed soon after the Spanish conquest of Tenochtitlan , eventually replacing it entirely . Spanish architect Claudio de Arciniega planned the construction , drawing inspiration from Gothic cathedrals in Spain . 
 The cathedral has four façades which contain portals flanked with columns and statues . The two bell towers contain a total of 25 bells . The tabernacle , adjacent to the cathedral , contains the baptistery and serves to register the parishioners . There are two large , ornate altars , a sacristy , and a choir in the cathedral . Fourteen of the cathedral 's sixteen chapels are open to the public . Each chapel is dedicated to a different saint or saints , and each was sponsored by a religious guild . The chapels contain ornate altars , altarpieces , retablos , paintings , furniture and sculptures . The cathedral is home to two of the largest 18th @-@ century organs in the Americas . There is a crypt underneath the cathedral that holds the remains of many former archbishops . 
 Over the centuries , the cathedral has suffered damage . A fire in 1967 destroyed a significant part of the cathedral 's interior . The restoration work that followed uncovered a number of important documents and artwork that had previously been hidden . Although a solid foundation was built for the cathedral , the soft clay soil it is built on has been a threat to its structural integrity . Dropping water tables and accelerated sinking caused the structure to be added to the World Monuments Fund list of the 100 Most Endangered Sites . Reconstruction work beginning in the 1990s stabilized the cathedral and it was removed from the endangered list in 2000 . 
 After the Spanish conquest of the Aztec Empire , the conquistadors decided to build their church on the site of the Templo Mayor of the Aztec city of Tenochtitlan to consolidate Spanish power over the newly conquered domain . Hernán Cortés and the other conquistadors used the stones from the destroyed temple of the Aztec god of war Huitzilopochtli , principal deity of the Aztecs , to build the church . Cortés ordered the original church 's construction after he returned from exploring what is now Honduras . Architect Martín de Sepúlveda was the first director of this project from 1524 to 1532 . Juan de Zumárraga , the first Bishop of the first See of the New World , established in the Viceroyalty of New Spain , promoted this church 's completion . Zumárraga 's Cathedral was located in the northeast portion of what is now the cathedral . It had three naves separated by three Tuscan columns . The central roof was ridged with intricate carvings done by Juan Salcedo Espinosa and gilded by Francisco de Zumaya and Andrés de la Concha . The main door was probably of Renaissance style . The choir area had 48 seats made of ayacahuite wood crafted by Adrian Suster and Juan Montaño . However , this church was soon considered inadequate for the growing importance of the capital of New Spain . 
 In 1544 , ecclesiastical authorities in Valladolid ordered the creation of new and more sumptuous cathedral . In 1552 , an agreement was reached whereby the cost of the new cathedral would be shared by the Spanish crown , encomenderos and the Indians under the direct authority of the archbishop of New Spain . The cathedral was begun by being built around the existing church in 1573 . When enough of the cathedral was built to house basic functions , the original church was demolished to enable construction to continue . 
 
 = = Construction = = 
 
 The cathedral was constructed over a period of over two centuries , between 1573 and 1813 . Its design is a mixture of three architectural styles that predominated during the colonial period , Renaissance , Baroque and Neo @-@ classic . 
 Initial plans for the new cathedral were drawn up and work on the foundation began in 1562 . The decision to have the cathedral face south instead of east was made in 1570 . In the same year , construction commenced , working from the Gothic designs and models created by Claudio de Arciniega and Juan Miguel de Agüero , inspired by cathedrals found in Spanish cities such as Valladolid and Jaén . 
 Because of the muddy subsoil of the site , work on the foundation continued past the work on the walls to 1581 . In 1585 , work on the first of the cathedral 's chapels began and by 1615 , the cathedral 's walls reached to about half of their final height . Construction of the interior of the current cathedral began in 1623 and what is now the vestry was where Mass was conducted after the first church was finally torn down . 
 In 1629 , work was interrupted by flooding , over two metres in depth . Parts of the city were damaged , especially around the main plaza or Zocalo . Because of such damage , this site was almost abandoned and a new cathedral project was begun in the hills of the Tacubaya area to the west . 
 Despite these problems , the project continued in its current location , and under the direction of Luis Gómez de Transmonte , the interior was finished and consecrated in 1667 . The cathedral still lacked bell towers , the complete front facade , and many of the other features it has now at the beginning of the 18th century . 
 In 1787 , José Damian Ortiz de Castro was in charge of finishing work on the cathedral . He did most of the work on the bell towers , putting in most of the fretwork and capping them with roofs in the shape of bells . With his death in 1793 , he did not live to see the cathedral completed , and Manuel Tolsá finished the cathedral by adding the cupola , the central front facade , the balustrades , and the statues of Faith , Hope and Charity at the top of the front facade . Tolsa 's work was the last major construction to the cathedral and the appearance it had when he finished is the basic look the cathedral has today . 
 The cathedral faces south and is approximately 54 @.@ 5 metres ( 179 ft ) wide and 110 metres ( 360 ft ) long . It consists of two bell towers , a central dome , three main portals , five naves , 51 vaults , 74 arches and 40 columns . Inside the cathedral are five large altars , sixteen chapels , a choir area , a corridor , capitulary room , and sacristy . The cathedral has approximately 150 windows . 
 
 = = Exterior = = 
 
 
 = = = Facades and portals = = = 
 
 The main facade of the cathedral faces south . The main portal is centered in the main facade and is the highest of the cathedral 's three portals . Statues of Saint Peter and Paul the Apostle stand between the columns of the portal , while Saint Andrew and James the Just are depicted on the secondary doorway . In the center of this doorway is a high relief of the Assumption of the Virgin Mary , to whom the cathedral is dedicated . This image is flanked by images of Saint Matthew and Saint Andrew . The coat of arms of Mexico is above the doorway , with the eagle 's wings outstretched . There is a clock tower at the very top of the portal with statues representing Faith , Hope and Charity , which was created by sculptor Manuel Tolsá . 
 The west facade was constructed in 1688 and rebuilt in 1804 . It has a three @-@ section portal with images of the Four Evangelists . The west portal has high reliefs depicting Jesus handing the Keys of Heaven to Saint Peter . 
 The east facade is similar to the west facade . The reliefs on the east portal show a ship carrying the four apostles , with Saint Peter at the helm . The title of this relief is The ship of the Church sailing the seas of Eternity . 
 The northern facade , built during the 16th century in the Renaissance Herrera style , is oldest part of the cathedral and was named after Juan de Herrera , architect of the El Escorial monastery in Spain . While the eastern and western facades are older than most of the rest of the building , their third level has Solomonic columns which are associated with the Baroque period . 
 All the high reliefs of the portals of the cathedral were inspired by the work of Flemish painter Peter Paul Rubens . 
 
 = = = Bell towers = = = 
 
 The bell towers are the work of Xalapan artist José Damián Ortiz de Castro . They are capped with bell @-@ shaped roofs made of tezontle covered in chiluca , a white stone . Ortiz de Castro was in charge of the cathedral 's construction in the latter half of the 18th century until he died , unexpectedly . Manuel Tolsá of Valencia , who had built other notable buildings in Mexico City , was hired to finish the cathedral . At this point , the cathedral had already been 240 years in the making . He added the neo @-@ Classic structure housing the clock , the statues of the three theological virtues ( Faith , Hope , and Charity ) , the high balustrade surrounding the building , and the dome that rises over the transept . 
 The cathedral has 25 bells — eighteen hang in the east bell tower and seven in the west tower . The largest bell is named the Santa Maria de Guadalupe and weighs around 13 @,@ 000 kilograms ( 29 @,@ 000 lb ) . Other major bells are named the Doña Maria , which weighs 6 @,@ 900 kilograms ( 15 @,@ 200 lb ) , and La Ronca ( " the hoarse one " ) , named so because of its harsh tone . Doña Maria and La Ronca were placed in 1653 while the largest bell was placed later in 1793 . 
 The statues in the west tower are the work of José Zacarías Cora and represent Pope Gregory VII , Saint Augustine , Leander of Seville , St. Fulgentius of Écija , St.Francis Xavier , and Saint Barbara . The statues in the east tower are by Santiago Cristóbal Sandoval and depict Emilio , Rose of Lima , Mary ( mother of Jesus ) , Ambrogio , Jerome , Philip of Jesus , Hippolytus of Rome , and Isidore the Laborer . 
 In 1947 , a novice bell ringer died in an accident when he tried to move one of the bells while standing under it . The bell swung back and hit him in the head , killing him instantly . The bell was then " punished " by removing the clapper . In the following years , the bell was known as la castigada ( " the punished one " ) , or la muda ( " the mute one " ) . In 2000 , the clapper was reinstalled in the bell . 
 In October 2007 , a time capsule was found inside the stone ball base of a cross , in the southern bell tower of the cathedral . It was placed in 1742 , supposedly to protect the building from harm . The lead box was filled with religious artifacts , coins and parchments and hidden in a hollow stone ball . The ball was marked with the date of 14 May 1791 , when the building 's topmost stone was laid . A new time capsule will be placed in the stone ball when it is closed again . 
 
 = = = Tabernacle = = = 
 
 Situated to the right of the main cathedral , the Metropolitan Tabernacle ( Spanish : Sagrario Metropolitana ) was built by Lorenzo Rodríguez during the height of the Baroque period between 1749 and 1760 , to house the archives and vestments of the archbishop . It also functioned and continues to function as a place to receive Eucharist and register parishioners . 
 The first church built on the cathedral site also had a tabernacle , but its exact location is unknown . During the construction of the cathedral , the tabernacle was housed in what are now the Chapels of San Isidro and Our Lady of Agony of Granada . However , in the 18th century , it was decided to build a structure that was separate , but still connected , to the main cathedral . It is constructed of tezontle ( a reddish porous volcanic rock ) and white stone in the shape of a Greek cross with its southern facade faces the Zócalo . It is connected to the main cathedral via the Chapel of San Isidro . 
 The interiors of each wing have separate uses . In the west wing is the baptistry , in the north is the main altar , the main entrance and a notary area , separated by inside corner walls made of chiluca stone and tezontle . Chiluca , a white stone , covers the walls and floors and the tezontle frames the doors and windows . At the crossing of the structure is an octagonal dome framed by arches that form curved triangles where they meet at the top of the dome . The principal altar is in the ornate Churrigueresque style and crafted by indigenous artist Pedro Patiño Ixtolinque . It was inaugurated in 1829 . 
 The exterior of the Baroque styled tabernacle is almost entirely adorned with decorations , such as curiously shaped niche shelves , floating drapes and many cherubs . Carvings of fruits such as grapes and pomegranates have been created to in the shape of ritual offerings , symbolizing the Blood of Christ and the Church . Among the floral elements , roses , daisies , and various types of four @-@ petalled flowers can be found , including the indigenous chalchihuite . 
 The tabernacle has two main outside entrances ; one to the south , facing the Zócalo and the other facing east toward Seminario Street . The southern façade is more richly decorated than the east façade . It has a theme of glorifying the Eucharist with images of the Apostles , Church Fathers , saints who founded religious orders , martyrs as well as scenes from the Bible . Zoomorphic reliefs can be found along with the anthropologic reliefs , including a rampaging lion , and the eagle from the coat of arms of Mexico . The east facade is less ambitious , but contains figures from the Old Testament as well as the images of John Nepomucene and Ignacio de Loyola . Construction dates for the phases of the tabernacle are also inscribed here . 
 
 = = Interior = = 
 
 
 = = = Altars = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Altar of Forgiveness = = = = 
 
 The Altar of Forgiveness is located at the front of the central nave . It is the first aspect of the interior that is seen upon entering the cathedral . It was the work of Spanish architect Jerónimo Balbás , and represents the first use of the estípite column ( an inverted triangle @-@ shaped pilaster ) in the Americas . 
 There are two stories about how the name of this altar came about . The first states that those condemned by the Spanish Inquisition were brought to the altar to ask for forgiveness in the next world before their execution . The second relates to painter Simon Pereyns , who despite being the author of many of the works of the cathedral , was accused of blasphemy . According to the story , while Pereyns was in jail , he painted such a beautiful image of the Virgin Mary that his crime was forgiven . 
 This altar was damaged by fire in January 1967 but has been completely restored . 
 
 = = = = Altar of the Kings = = = = 
 
 The Altar of the Kings was also the work of Jerónimo Balbás , in Mexican Baroque or Churrigueresque style . It was begun in 1718 by Balbás in cedar , and was gilded and finished by Francico Martínez , debuting in 1737 . It is located at the back of the Cathedral , beyond the Altar of Forgiveness and the choir . This altar is 13 @.@ 75 metres ( 45 @.@ 1 ft ) wide , 25 metres ( 82 ft ) tall and 7 @.@ 5 metres ( 25 ft ) deep . Its size and depth gave rise to the nickname la cueva dorada ( " the golden cave " ) . 
 It takes its name from the statues of saintly royalty which form part of its decoration , and is the oldest work in churrigueresque style in Mexico , taking 19 years to complete . At the bottom , from left to right , are six female royal saints : Saint Margaret of Scotland , Helena of Constantinople , Elisabeth of Hungary , Isabel of Portugal , Empress Cunegunda and Edith of Wilton . In the middle of the altar are six canonized kings , four of whom are : Hermenegild a Visigoth martyr , Henry II , Holy Roman Emperor , Edward the Confessor and Casimir of Poland . Above these four are Saints Louis of France and Ferdinand III of Castile . In between these kings an oil painting of the Adoration of the Magi by Juan Rodriguez Juarez shows Jesus as the King of kings . The top portion features a painting of the Assumption of Mary as celestial queen flanked by oval bas reliefs , one of Saint Joseph carrying the infant Jesus and the other of Saint Teresa of Ávila with a quill in her hand and the Holy Spirit above her , inspiring her to write . Above this are figures of Jesus and Mary among sculptures of angels crowned with an image of God , the Father . 
 This altar has been under restoration since 2003 . 
 
 = = = Sacristy = = = 
 
 The Herrera door opens into the sacristy , the oldest part of the cathedral . It is a mixture of Renaissance and Gothic styles . 
 The walls hold large canvases painted by Cristóbal de Villalpando , such as The Apotheosis of Saint Michael , The Triumph of the Eucharist , The Church Militant and the Church Triumphant , and The Virgin of the Apocalypse . The Virgin of the Apocalypse depicts the vision of John of Patmos . Two other canvases , Entering Jerusalem and The Assumption of the Virgin , painted by Juan Correa , are also here . An additional painting , attributed to Bartolomé Esteban Murillo , hangs in the Sacristy . 
 On the north wall , there is a niche that holds a statue of the crucifix with a Christ image sculpted in ivory . Behind this , is another mural that depicts the Juan Diego 's of Our Lady of Guadalupe . The Sacristy used to house Juan Diego 's cloak , upon which the Virgin 's image purportedly appears , but after massive flooding in 1629 , it was removed from the Sacristy to better protect it . 
 A cabinet on the west wall of the Sacristy , under the Virgin of the Apocalypse painting , once held golden chalices and cups trimmed with precious stones , as well as other utensils . 
 In 1957 , The wooden floor and platform around the perimeter of the Sacristy were replaced with stone . 
 
 = = = Chapels = = = 
 
 The cathedral 's sixteen chapels were each assigned to a religious guild , and each is dedicated to a saint . Each of the two side naves contain seven chapels . The other two were created later on the eastern and western sides of the cathedral . These last two are not open to the public . The fourteen chapels in the east and west naves are listed below . The first seven are in the east nave , listed from north to south , and the last seven are in the west nave . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Our Lady of the Agonies of Granada = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Our Lady of the Agonies of Granada ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de las Angustias de Granada ) was built in the first half of the 17th century , and originally served as the sacristy . It is a medieval @-@ style chapel with a ribbed vault and two relatively simple altarpieces . The narrow altarpiece contains an oval painting of Saint Raphael , Archangel and the young Tobias , a 16th century painting attributed to Flemish painter Maerten de Vos . At the top of this altarpiece is a painting of Our Lady of Mount Carmel , and above this is a painting of the Last Supper . At the back of the chapel is a churrigueresque painting of Our Lady of the Agonies of Granada . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Saint Isidore = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Saint Isidore ( Spanish : Capilla de San Isidro ) was originally built as an annex between 1624 and 1627 , and was once used as the baptistery . Its vault contains plaster casts representing Faith , Hope , Charity , and Justice , considered to be basic values in the Catholic religion . After the Tabernacle was built , it was converted into a chapel and its door was reworked in a churrigueresque style . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of the Immaculate Conception = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of the Immaculate Conception ( Spanish : Capilla de la Inmaculada Concepción ) was built between 1642 and 1648 . It has a churrigueresque altarpiece which , due to the lack of columns , most likely dates from the 18th century . The altar is framed with molding — instead of columns — and a painting of the Immaculate Conception presides over it . The altar is surrounded by paintings by José de Ibarra relating to the Passion of Christ and various saints . The chapel also contains a canvas of Saint Christopher painted by Simon Pereyns in 1588 , and the Flagellation by Baltasar de Echave Orio , painted in 1618 . The altarpiece on the right side is also dedicated to the Immaculate Conception and was donated by the College of Saints Peter and Paul . This chapel holds the remains of Franciscan friar Antonio Margil de Jesús who was evangelized in what is now the north of Mexico . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Our Lady of Guadalupe = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Guadalupe ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de Guadalupe ) was built in 1660 . It was the first baptistery of the cathedral and for a long time was the site for the Brotherhood of the Most Holy Sacrament , which had many powerful benefactors . It is decorated in a 19th century neo @-@ classic style by the architect Antonio Gonzalez Vazquez , director of the Academy of San Carlos . The main altarpiece is dedicated to the Virgin of Guadalupe and the sides altars are dedicated to John the Baptist and San Luis Gonzaga respectively . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Our Lady of Antigua = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Antigua ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de La Antigua ) was sponsored and built between 1653 and 1660 by a brotherhood of musicians and organists , which promoted devotion to this Virgin . Its altarpiece contains a painting of the Virgin , a copy of one found in the Cathedral of Seville . This copy was brought to New Spain by a merchant . Two other paintings show the birth of the Virgin and her presentation . Both were painted by Nicolás Rodriguez Juárez . 
 
 = = = = = Chapel of Saint Peter = = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Saint Peter ( Spanish : Capilla de San Pedro ) was built between 1615 and 1620 , and contains three highly decorated Baroque altarpieces from the 17th century . The altar at the back is dedicated to Saint Peter , whose sculpture presides over the altar . It is surrounded by early 17th century paintings relating to his life , painted by Baltasar de Echave Orio . To the right is an altarpiece dedicated to the Holy Family , with two paintings by Juan de Aguilera of Florence called The Holy Family in the workshop of Saint Joseph and Birth of the Savior . The altarpiece to the left of the main altarpiece is dedicated to Saint Theresa of Jesus whose image also appears in the chapel 's window . It includes four paintings on sheets of metal that depict scenes from the birth of Jesus . Five oil paintings illustrate scenes from the life of Saint Theresa , and above this is a semi @-@ circular painting of the coronation of Mary . All these works were created in the 17th century by Baltasar de Echave y Rioja . 
 This chapel is home to the Niño Cautivo ( Captive Child ) a Child Jesus figure that was brought to Mexico from Spain . It was sculpted in the 16th century by Juan Martínez Montañez in Spain and purchased by the cathedral . However , on its way to Veracruz , pirates attacked the ship it was on and sacked it . To get the image back , a large ransom was paid . Today , the image is in the Chapel of San Pedro or De las Reliquias . Traditionally , the image has been petitioned by those seeking release from restrictions or traps , especially financial problems or drug addiction or alcoholism . The cult to the Niño Cautivo is considered to be " inactive " by INAH . However , this particular image has made a comeback since 2000 as one to petition when a family member is abducted and held for ransom . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Christ and of the Reliquaries = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Christ and of the Reliquaries ( Spanish : Capilla del Santo Cristo y de las Reliquias ) was built in 1615 and designed with ultra @-@ Baroque details which are often difficult to see in the poorly lit interior . It was originally known as the Christ of the Conquistadors . That name came from an image of Christ that was supposedly donated to the cathedral by Emperor Charles V. Over time , so many reliquaries were left on its main altar that its name was eventually changed . Of 17th century ornamentation , the main altarpiece alternates between carvings of rich foliage and small heads on its columns in the main portion and small sculptures of angels on its telamons in the secondary portion . Its niches hold sculptures of saints framing the main body . Its crucifix is from the 17th century . The predella is finished with sculptures of angels , and also contains small 17th paintings of martyred saints by Juan de Herrera . Behind these paintings , hidden compartments contain some of the numerous reliquaries left here . Its main painting was done by Jose de Ibarra and dated 1737 . Surrounding the altar is a series of paintings on canvas , depicting the Passion of Christ by Jose Villegas , painted in the 17th century . On the right @-@ hand wall , an altar dedicated to the Virgin of the Confidence is decorated with numerous churrigueresque figurines tucked away in niches , columns and top pieces . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of the Holy Angels and Archangels = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of the Holy Angels and Archangels ( Spanish : Capilla de los Ángeles ) was finished in 1665 with Baroque altarpieces decorated with Solomonic columns . It is dedicated to the Archangel Michael , who is depicted as a medieval knight . It contains a large main altarpiece with two smaller altarpieces both decorated by Juan Correa . The main altarpiece is dedicated to the seven archangels , who are represented by sculptures , in niches surrounding images of Saint Joseph , Mary and Christ . Above this scene are the Holy Spirit and God the Father . The left @-@ hand altarpiece is of similar design and is dedicated to the Guardian Angel , whose sculpture is surrounded with pictures arranged to show the angelic hierarchy . To the left of this , a scene shows Saint Peter being released from prison , and to the right , Saul , later Saint Paul , being knocked from his horse , painted by Juan Correa in 1714 . The right @-@ hand altarpiece is dedicated to the Guardian Angel of Mexico . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Saints Cosme and Damian = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Saints Cosme and Damian ( Spanish : Capilla de San Cosme y San Damián ) was built because these two saints were commonly invoked during a time when New Spain suffered from the many diseases brought by the Conquistadors . The main altarpiece is Baroque , probably built in the 17th century . Oil paintings on wood contain scenes from physician saints , and are attributed to painter Sebastian Lopez Davalos , during the second half of the 17th century . The chapel contains one small altarpiece which came from the Franciscan church in Zinacantepec , to the west of Mexico City , and is dedicated to the birth of Jesus . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Saint Joseph = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Saint Joseph ( Spanish : Capilla de San José ) , built between 1653 and 1660 , contains an image of Our Lord of Cacao , an image of Christ most likely from the 16th century . Its name was inspired from a time when many indigenous worshipers would give their alms in the form of cocoa beans . Churrigueresque in style and containing an graffito statue of Saint Joseph , patron saint of New Spain , the main altarpiece is Baroque and is from the 18th century . This once belonged to the Church of Our Lady of Monserrat . This altar contains statues and cubicles containing busts of the Apostles , but contains no paintings . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Our Lady of Solitude = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Solitude ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de la Soledad ) was originally built in honor of the workers who built the cathedral . It contains three Baroque altarpieces . The main altarpiece is supported by caryatids and small angels as telamons , to uphold the base of the main body . It is dedicated to the Virgin of Solitude of Oaxaca , whose image appears in the center . The surrounding 16th century paintings are by Pedro Ramírez , and depict scenes from the life of Christ . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Saint Eligius = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Saint Eligius ( Spanish : Capilla de San Eligio ) , also known as the Chapel of the Lord of Safe Expeditions ( Spanish : Capilla del Señor del Buen Despacho ) , was built by the first silversmith guild , who donated the images of the Conception and Saint Eligius to whom the chapel was formerly dedicated . The chapel was redecorated in the 19th century , and the image of Our Lord of Good Sending was placed here , named thus , since many supplicants reported having their prayers answered quickly . The image is thought to be from the 16th century and sent as a gift from Charles V of Spain . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Our Lady of Sorrows = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Our Lady of Sorrows ( Spanish : Capilla de Nuestra Señora de los Dolores ) , formerly known as the Chapel of the Lord 's Supper ( Spanish : Capilla de la Santa Cena ) , was built in 1615 . It was originally dedicated to the Last Supper since a painting of this event was once kept here . It was later remodeled in a Neo @-@ classical style , with three altarpieces added by Antonio Gonzalez Velazquez . The main altarpiece contains an image of the Virgin of Sorrows sculpted in wood and painted by Francisco Terrazas , at the request of Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico . On the left @-@ hand wall a ladder leads to a series of crypts which hold most of the remains of past archbishops of Mexico . The largest and grandest of these crypts contains the remains of Juan de Zumarraga , the first archbishop of Mexico . 
 
 = = = = Chapel of Saint Philip of Jesus = = = = 
 
 The Chapel of Saint Philip of Jesus ( Spanish : Capilla de San Felipe de Jesús ) was completed during one of the earliest stages of the construction of the cathedral . It is dedicated to Philip of Jesus , a friar and the only martyr from New Spain , who was crucified in Japan . The chapel is topped with a Gothic @-@ style dome and has a Baroque altarpiece from the 17th century . A statue of the saint is located in a large niche in the altarpiece . The altar to the left is dedicated to Saint Rose of Lima , considered a protector of Mexico City . To the right is an urn which holds the remains of Agustín de Iturbide , who briefly ruled Mexico in the 19th century . Next to this chapel is a baptismal font , in which it is believed Philip of Jesus was baptised . 
 
 = = = Organs = = = 
 
 The cathedral has had perhaps a dozen organs over the course of its history . The earliest is mentioned in a report written to the king of Spain in 1530 . Few details survive of the earliest organs . Builders names begin to appear at the end of the sixteenth century . The earliest disposition that survives is for the Diego de Sebaldos organ built in 1655 . The first large organ for Mexico City Cathedral was built in Madrid from 1689 to 1690 by Jorge de Sesma and installed by Tiburcio Sanz from 1693 to 1695 . It now has two , which were made in Mexico by José Nassarre of Spain , and completed by 1736 , incorporating elements of the 17th century organ . They are the largest 18th century organs in the Americas ; they are situated above the walls of the choir , on the epistle side ( east ) and the gospel side ( west ) . Both organs , damaged by fire in 1967 , were restored in 1978 . Because both organs had fallen into disrepair again , the gospel organ was re @-@ restored from 2008 @-@ 2009 by Gerhard Grenzing ; the restoration of the epistle organ , also by Grenzing , was completed in 2014 , and both organs are now playable . 
 
 = = = Choir = = = 
 
 The choir is where the priest and / or a choral group sings the psalms . It is located in the central nave between the main door and the high altar , and built in a semicircular fashion , much like Spanish cathedrals . It was built by Juan de Rojas between 1696 and 1697 . Its sides contain 59 reliefs of various saints done in mahogany , walnut , cedar and a native wood called tepehuaje . The railing that surrounds the choir was made in 1722 by Sangley Queaulo in Macao , China and placed in the cathedral in 1730 . 
 
 = = = Crypt = = = 
 
 The Crypt of the Archbishops is located below the floor of the cathedral beneath the Altar of the Kings . The entrance to the crypt from the cathedral is guarded by a large wooden door behind which descends a winding yellow staircase . Just past the inner entrance is a Mexica @-@ style stone skull . It was incorporated as an offering into the base of a cenotaph to Juan de Zumárraga , the first archbishop of Mexico . Zumárraga was considered to be a benefactor of the Indians , protecting them against the abuses of their Spanish overlords . There is also a natural @-@ sized sculpture of the archbishop atop the cenotaph . 
 On its walls are dozens of bronze plaques that indicate the locations of the remains of most of Mexico City 's former archbishops , including Cardinal Ernesto Corripio y Ahumada . The floor is covered with small marble slabs covering niches containing the remains of other people . 
 The cathedral contains other crypts and niches where other religious figures are buried , including in the chapels . 
 
 = = Restoration = = 
 
 The sinking ground and seismic activity of the area have had an effect on the cathedral 's construction and current appearance . Forty @-@ two years were required simply to lay its foundation when it was first built , because even then the Spaniards recognized the danger of constructing such a huge monument in soft soil . However , for political reasons , much , but not all , of the cathedral was built over the remains of pre @-@ Hispanic structures , leading to uneven foundation from the beginning . 
 
 = = = Fire of 1967 = = = 
 
 On 17 January 1967 at 9 pm , a fire caused by an electrical short circuit caused extensive damage to the cathedral . On the Altar of Forgiveness , much of the structure and decoration were damaged including the loss of three paintings ; The Holy Face by Alonso López de Herrera , The Martyrdom of Saint Sebastian by Francisco de Zumaya and The Virgin of Forgiveness by Simon Pereyns . The choir section lost 75 of its 99 seats as well a painting by Juan Correa along with many stored books . The two cathedral organs were severely damaged with the partial melting of their pipes . Paintings by Rafael Jimeno y Planas , Juan Correa and Juan Rodriguez Juarez were damaged in other parts of the cathedral . After the fire , authorities recorded the damage but did nothing to try to restore what was damaged . Heated discussions ensued among historians , architects and investigations centering on the moving of the Altar of Forgiveness , as well as eliminating the choir area and some of the railings . In 1972 , ecclesiastical authorities initiated demolition of the choir area without authorization from the Federal government , but were stopped . The government inventoried what could be saved and named Jaime Ortiz Lajous as director of the project to restore the cathedral to its original condition . Restoration work focused not only on repairing the damage ( using archived records and photographs ) , but also included work on a deteriorating foundation ( due to uneven sinking into the ground ) and problems with the towers . 
 The Altars of Forgiveness and of the Kings were subject to extensive cleaning and restorative work . To replace the lost portions on the Altar of Forgiveness , several paintings were added ; Escape from Egypt by Pereyns , The Divine Countenance and The Martyrdom of Saint Sebastian . The organs were dismantled with the pipes and inner workings sent to the Netherlands for repair , while the cases were restored by Mexican craftsmen with work lasting until 1977 . Reconstruction of the choir area began in 1979 using the same materials as existed before the fire . In addition , any statues in the towers that received more than 50 % damage from city pollution were taken out , with replicas created to replace them . Those with less damage were repaired . 
 Some interesting discoveries were made as restoration work occurred during the 1970s and early 1980s . 51 paintings were found and rescued from behind the Altar of Forgiveness , including works by Juan and Nicolas Rodriguez Juarez , Miguel Cabrera and José de Ibarra . Inside one of the organs , a copy of the nomination of Hernán Cortés as Governor General of New Spain ( 1529 ) was found . Lastly , in the wall of the central arch of the cathedral was found the burial place of Miguel Barrigan , the first governor of Veracruz . 
 
 = = = Late 20th @-@ century work = = = 
 
 The cathedral , along with the rest of the city , has been sinking into the lakebed from the day it was built . However , the fact that the city is a megalopolis with over 18 million people drawing water from underground sources has caused water tables to drop , and the sinking to accelerate during the latter half of the 20th century . Sections of the complex such as the cathedral and the tabernacle were still sinking at different rates , and the bell towers were tilting dangerously despite work done in the 1970s . For this reason , the cathedral was included in the 1998 World Monuments Watch by the World Monuments Fund . 
 Major restoration and foundation work began in the 1990s to stabilize the building . Engineers excavated under the cathedral between 1993 and 1998 . They dug shafts under the cathedral and placed shafts of concrete into the soft ground to give the edifice a more solid base to rest on . These efforts have not stopped the sinking of the complex , but they have corrected the tilting towers and ensured that the cathedral will sink uniformly . 
 
 = = Cultural value = = 
 
 The cathedral has been a focus of Mexican cultural identity , and is a testament to its colonial history . Researcher Manuel Rivera Cambas reported that the cathedral was built on the site sacred precinct of the Aztecs and with the very stones of their temples so that the Spaniards could lay claim to the land and the people . Hernán Cortés supposedly laid the first stone of the original church personally . 
 It once was an important religious center , used exclusively by the prominent families of New Spain . In 1864 , during the Second Mexican Empire , Emperor Maximilian of Habsburg and Empress Charlotte of Belgium ( later known as Maximiliano and Carlota of Mexico ) were crowned at the cathedral after the magnificent arrival to the head city of their reign . 
 Located on the Zocalo it has , over time , been the focus of social and cultural activities , most of which have occurred in the 20th and 21st centuries . The cathedral was closed for four years while President Plutarco Elías Calles attempted to enforce Mexico 's anti @-@ religious laws . Pope Pius XI closed the church , ordering priests to cease their public religious duties in all Mexican churches . After the Mexican government and the papacy came to terms and major renovations were performed on the cathedral , it reopened in 1930 . 
 The cathedral has been the scene of several protests both from the church and to the church , including a protest by women over the Church 's exhortation for women not to wear mini @-@ skirts and other provocative clothing to avoid rape , and a candlelight vigil to protest against kidnappings in Mexico . The cathedral itself has been used to protest against social issues . Its bells rang to express the archdiocese 's opposition to the Supreme Court upholding of Mexico City 's legalization of abortion . 
 Probably the most serious recent event occurred on 18 November 2007 , when sympathizers of the Party of the Democratic Revolution attacked the cathedral . About 150 protesters stormed into Sunday Mass chanting slogans and knocking over pews . This caused church officials to close and lock the cathedral for a number of days . The cathedral reopened with new security measures , such as bag searches , in place . 
 
 = = = Gallery = = = 
 
 
 
 = USS Illinois ( BB @-@ 7 ) = 
 
 USS Illinois ( BB @-@ 7 ) was a pre @-@ dreadnought battleship built for the United States Navy . She was the lead ship of the Illinois class , and was the second ship of the U.S. Navy to be named for the 21st state . Her keel was laid in February 1897 at the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company , and she was launched in October 1898 . She was commissioned in September 1901 . The ship was armed with a main battery of four 13 @-@ inch ( 330 mm ) guns and she had a top speed of 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) . 
 Illinois served with the European Squadron from 1902 to 1903 , and with the North Atlantic Fleet until 1907 , by which time it had been renamed the Atlantic Fleet . During this time , she accidentally collided with two other battleships . From December 1907 to February 1909 , she circumnavigated the globe with the Great White Fleet . From November 1912 , the ship was used as a training ship . She was lent to the state of New York in 1919 for use as a training vessel for the New York State Militia . The ship was converted into a floating armory in 1924 as a result of the Washington Naval Treaty , and it was under this guise that she served for the next thirty years . In January 1941 she was renamed Prairie State and reclassified as IX @-@ 15 so that the name could be given to Illinois , a projected Iowa @-@ class battleship . Prairie State was ultimately sold for scrap in 1956 . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Illinois was 374 feet ( 114 m ) long overall and had a beam of 72 ft 3 in ( 22 @.@ 02 m ) and a draft of 23 ft 6 in ( 7 @.@ 16 m ) . She displaced 11 @,@ 565 long tons ( 11 @,@ 751 t ) as designed and up to 12 @,@ 250 long tons ( 12 @,@ 450 t ) at full load . The ship was powered by two @-@ shaft triple @-@ expansion steam engines rated at 16 @,@ 000 indicated horsepower ( 12 @,@ 000 kW ) and eight coal @-@ fired fire @-@ tube boilers , generating a top speed of 16 knots ( 30 km / h ; 18 mph ) . As built , she was fitted with heavy military masts , but these were replaced by cage masts in 1909 . She had a crew of 536 officers and enlisted men , which increased to 690 – 713 . 
 She was armed with a main battery of four 13 in ( 330 mm ) / 35 caliber guns guns in two twin gun turrets on the centerline , one forward and aft . The secondary battery consisted of fourteen 6 in ( 152 mm ) / 40 caliber Mark IV guns , which were placed in casemates in the hull . For close @-@ range defense against torpedo boats , she carried sixteen 6 @-@ pounder guns mounted in casemates along the side of the hull and six 1 @-@ pounder guns . As was standard for capital ships of the period , Illinois carried four 18 in ( 457 mm ) torpedo tubes in deck mounted launchers . 
 Illinois 's main armored belt was 16 @.@ 5 in ( 419 mm ) thick over the magazines and the machinery spaces and 4 in ( 102 mm ) elsewhere . The main battery gun turrets had 14 @-@ inch ( 356 mm ) thick faces , and the supporting barbettes had 15 in ( 381 mm ) of armor plating on their exposed sides . Armor that was 6 in thick protected the secondary battery . The conning tower had 10 in ( 254 mm ) thick sides . 
 
 = = Service history = = 
 
 Illinois was laid down on 10 February 1897 by the Newport News Shipbuilding & Dry Dock Company of Newport News , Virginia . She was launched on 4 October 1898 , sponsored by Miss Nancy Leiter , daughter of Chicago multi @-@ millionaire Levi Leiter and commissioned on 16 September 1901 . The ship 's first commander was Captain George A. Converse . Illinois was the first member of her class to be authorized , but the last to enter service . After commissioning , the ship began a shakedown cruise in the Chesapeake Bay , followed by initial training . She left the area on 20 November to test a new floating dry dock in Algiers , Louisiana . The ship was back in Newport News in January 1902 . She served briefly as the flagship of Rear Admiral Robley D. Evans from 15 to 28 February ; during this period , she took part in a reception for Prince Henry of Prussia , the brother of the German Kaiser . 
 On 30 April , now flying the flag of Rear Admiral A.S. Crowninshield , Illinois departed for a tour of Europe . She stopped in Naples , Italy on 18 May ; here , Crowninshield took command of the European Squadron . Illinois took part in training exercises and ceremonial duties in European waters for the next two months , until 14 July , when she ran aground outside Oslo , Norway . She had to steam to Britain for repairs , which were carried out at Chatham . She left the port on 1 September for maneuvers with the rest of the fleet in the Mediterranean and South Atlantic . On 10 January 1903 , Illinois was reassigned to the North Atlantic Fleet , where she remained for the next four years . Her time was occupied with peacetime training exercises , gunnery practice , and various ceremonial activities . During this period , she was involved in two accidents with other battleships of the North Atlantic Fleet . The first took place on 30 March 1903 , when she collided with Missouri . The second collision occurred on 31 July 1906 , and took place with her sister ship Alabama . Also that year , Illinois was the first ship to win the Battenberg Cup . 
 The ship 's next significant action was the cruise of the Great White Fleet around the world , which started with a naval review for President Theodore Roosevelt in Hampton Roads . On 17 December , the fleet steamed out of Hampton Roads and cruised south to the Caribbean and then to South America , making stops in Port of Spain , Rio de Janeiro , Punta Arenas , and Valparaíso , among other cities . After arriving in Mexico in March 1908 , the fleet spent three weeks conducting gunnery practice . The fleet then resumed its voyage up the Pacific coast of the Americas , stopping in San Francisco and Seattle before crossing the Pacific to Australia , stopping in Hawaii on the way . Stops in the South Pacific included Melbourne , Sydney , and Auckland . 
 After leaving Australia , the fleet turned north for the Philippines , stopping in Manila , before continuing on to Japan where a welcoming ceremony was held in Yokohama . Three weeks of exercises followed in Subic Bay in the Philippines in November . The ships passed Singapore on 6 December and entered the Indian Ocean ; they coaled in Colombo before proceeding to the Suez Canal and coaling again at Port Said , Egypt . While there , the American fleet received word of an earthquake in Sicily . Illinois , the battleship Connecticut , and the supply ship Culgoa were sent to assist the relief effort . The fleet called in several Mediterranean ports before stopping in Gibraltar , where an international fleet of British , Russian , French , and Dutch warships greeted the Americans . The ships then crossed the Atlantic to return to Hampton Roads on 22 February 1909 , having traveled 46 @,@ 729 nautical miles ( 86 @,@ 542 km ; 53 @,@ 775 mi ) . There , they conducted a naval review for Theodore Roosevelt . 
 On 4 August 1909 , Illinois was decommissioned in Boston . The ship then underwent a major modernization , receiving new " cage " masts and more modern equipment . She spent the next three years in active service with the fleet , before being decommissioned once more on 16 April 1912 . She returned to service on 2 November for major training maneuvers with the Atlantic Fleet . Illinois made training cruises to Europe with midshipmen from the US Naval Academy in mid @-@ 1913 and 1914 . By 1919 , she had been decommissioned at the Philadelphia Navy Yard . On 23 October 1921 , she was loaned to the New York Naval Militia for training purposes . The 1922 Washington Naval Treaty , which mandated significant reductions in naval strength , stipulated that Illinois must be rendered incapable of warlike action . As a result , she was converted into a floating armory at the New York Navy Yard in 1924 and was assigned to the New York Naval Reserve . 
 On 8 January 1941 , the ship was reclassified from BB @-@ 7 to IX @-@ 15 , and was renamed Prairie State so that her name could be used for the new battleship Illinois , which would be laid down a week later . Throughout World War II , she served with the U.S. Naval Reserve Midshipmen 's School , based in New York . After the end of the war , Prairie State was kept as a barracks ship for a Naval Reserve unit . On 31 December 1955 , the old ship was stricken and subsequently towed to Baltimore , where she was sold for scrap to the Bethlehem Steel Company on 18 May 1956 . 
 
 = = Silver Service = = 
 
 On 17 November 1901 , Illinois was presented with a silver service dining set provided by the state of Illinois and presented by Senator William E. Mason . It consisted of a large and small punch bowl , two candelabra , an ornamented fruit dish , a small fruit dish , two epicurean dishes , a large centerpiece and a ladle . Each item featured engravings of the crest of Illinois and an ear of corn . In 1943 , the silver service was transferred to the Illinois Executive Mansion . 
 
 
 = The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic = 
 
 The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic is an archaeological study of the material evidence for ritual and magical practices in Europe , containing a particular emphasis on London and South East England . It was written by the English archaeologist Ralph Merrifield , the former deputy director of the Museum of London , and first published by B.T. Batsford in 1987 . 
 Merrifield opens The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic by discussing how archaeologists have understood magic and ritual practices in past societies , opining that on the whole it had been a neglected area of study . Looking at the archaeological evidence for ritual activity in the pre @-@ Roman Iron Age and the Roman Iron Age of Britain , he discusses animal and human sacrifice , as well as the offering of votive deposits in rivers and other bodies of water . He moves on to explore the rituals surrounding death and burial , suggesting areas where this ritual activity is visible in the burial record of multiple societies . Merrifield goes on to discuss the archaeological evidence for ritual practices in Christian Europe , highlighting areas of ritual continuance from earlier pagan periods , in particular the deposition of metal goods in water . Looking at the evidence for foundation deposits in European buildings that likely had magico @-@ religious purposes , he then looks at several examples of written charms and spells which have survived in the archaeological record . 
 Upon publication , The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic received predominantly positive reviews in academic peer @-@ reviewed journals such as Folklore and The Antiquaries Journal . In ensuing years , the book has been widely cited by scholars as an influential and pioneering text in the study of the archaeology of ritual and magic . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Ralph Merrifield ( 1913 – 1995 ) was born and raised in Brighton , and , following an education at Varndean Grammar School , he worked at Brighton Museum . Gaining a London External Degree in anthropology in 1935 , he developed a lifelong interest in the religious and magical beliefs of England . After serving in the Royal Air Force during the Second World War , he returned to working at Brighton Museum , but in 1950 was appointed Assistant Keeper of the Guildhall Museum in the City of London . Over a six @-@ month period in 1956 and 1957 , he was stationed in Accra , Ghana , where he worked at the National Museum of Ghana , organising the collection in preparation for the country 's independence from the British Empire in March 1957 . Returning to the Guildhall Museum , Merrifield compiled the first detailed study of Roman London for 35 years , which was published as The Roman City of London ( 1965 ) . Following the creation of the Museum of London in 1975 , he became its Deputy Director , a post which he held until his retirement in 1978 . 
 In the preface of The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic , Merrifield noted that the book 's bias was to the archaeology of London , and that this was particularly evident in its use of illustrations . He dedicated the book to the memory of H.S. Toms , the former Curator of Brighton Museum and a one @-@ time assistant to the archaeologist Augustus Pitt Rivers ; in his dedication , Merrifield noted that Toms had been his " first mentor in archaeology and folk studies " . 
 
 = = Synopsis = = 
 
 In his preface , Merrifield noted that while archaeologists studying prehistoric periods have paid increasing attention to the evidence for ritual and magic in the archaeological record , their counterparts working in later historical periods have failed to follow their lead . Presenting this book as a rectifier , he outlines his intentions and the study 's limitations . 
 Chapter one , " Ritual and the archaeologist " , begins by describing the ritual deposits from the pre @-@ Roman Iron Age sites of Cadbury Castle and Danebury , hillforts in southern Britain . Merrifield laments the fact that the majority of archaeologists , particularly those studying literate , historical periods , have avoided ritual explanations for unusual phenomenon in the archaeological record ; he believes that they exhibit a " ritual phobia " . He contrasts this view with that of those archaeologists studying the Neolithic and Bronze Age Britain , who have widely accepted the ritual uses of chambered tombs and stone circles . He specifies particular definitions for words such as " ritual " , " religion " and " superstition " , arguing that such terms must be used with precision by archaeologists . Offering a case study , he describes how Neolithic stone axes were adopted as amulets or talismans in the later Roman Iron Age onward in Britain , and that as such archaeologists should expect to find them in non @-@ prehistoric contexts . 
 In the second chapter , " Offerings to earth and water in Pre @-@ Roman and Roman Times " , Merrifield explores the various forms of archaeological evidence for ritual deposits in the pre @-@ Roman Iron Age and the Roman Iron Age of Britain . He provides an overview of the evidence for animal and human sacrifice , as well as that in support of ritual offerings in bodies of water such as the River Thames . Merrifield deals with votive deposits on land , in particular looking at the evidence for deposition in ditches , shafts and wells . He rounds off the chapter by examining evidence for Iron Age rituals that took place at the commencement and termination of building constructions . Chapter three , " Rituals of Death " , deals with the religious rituals accompanying death and burial , and their visibility in the archaeological record . It explains the three main ways which human communities have dealt with the corpses of the dead : through exposing them to elements and scavengers , through inhumation and through cremation . Looing at beliefs surrounding the afterlife , Merrifield discusses ways in which these beliefs might be visible in the archaeological record , such as through the deposition of grave goods . Discussing evidence for rituals of separation through which the deceased is separated from the world of the living , including those that deal with the decapitation of the body , Merrifield then looks at the effect of Christianity on burials in Europe , arguing that it brought a new intimacy with the dead through the collection of relics , which was in contrast to the pagan beliefs of the Roman Empire , which portrayed the deceased as unclean . 
 The fourth chapter , " From Paganism to Christianity " , explores the continuing practice of ritual in Christian Europe . Discussing the early Roman Catholic Church 's demonisation of pagan deities , Merrifield states that the Church continued propagating a form of polytheism through the " cult of the blessed dead " , the veneration of saints and martyrs , throughout the Middle Ages . Discussing the ritual use of Christian relics , he also looks at votive offerings that were presented in a Christian context at shrines and churches , paying particular reference to the tradition of offering bent coins to shrines in Late Medieval England . Examining the construction of churches on earlier pagan ritual sites , he deals with evidence for the destruction of pagan statues by the early Christians . 
 Chapter five , " Survivals , revivals and reinterpretations " , continues Merrifield 's exploration of ritual practices in Christian Europe . He examines Late- and Post @-@ Medieval items that have been deposited in rivers , including swords and pilgrimage souvenirs , speculating that their deposition might represent a survival from the pagan tradition of casting votive offerings into water . He speculates that the contemporary practice of throwing a coin into a fountain for good luck is a further survival of the custom . He then discusses the evidence for ritual foundation deposits under buildings , noting the widespread Medieval deposition of an animal 's head or jaw in a construction 's foundations , presumably for protective magical purposes . Proceeding to deal with the Late- and Post @-@ Medieval deposition of pots under foundations , he looks at their place in churches , where it was believed that they aided the acoustics . Continuing with this theme , he discusses the British folk custom of burying a horse 's head under the floor to improve a building 's acoustics , speculating as to whether this was a survival of the pagan foundation deposit custom . Rounding off the chapter , Merrifield examines at magical items that have been intentionally placed in the walls , chimneys and roofs of buildings in Britain , in particular the widespread use of dead cats and old shoes . 
 In the sixth chapter , " Written spells and charms " , Merrifield discusses the use of the written word in magical contexts . Highlighting archaeological examples from the ancient Graeco @-@ Roman world , he looks at inscriptions on lead tablets that were buried in cemeteries and amphitheatres , both places associated with the dead . Moving on to the use of magic squares , Merrifield highlights various examples of the Sator square in archaeological contexts , before also discussing squares that contained numerical data with astrological significance . He rounds off the chapter with an examination of Post @-@ Medieval curses and charms containing the written word , citing examples that have been found by archaeologists across Britain , hidden inside various parts of buildings . In the seventh chapter , " Charms against witchcraft " , he deals with archaeological evidence for a variety of Early Modern and Modern British spells designed to ward off malevolent witchcraft . After briefly discussing the role of holed stone charms , he looks at the evidence for witch bottles , making reference to their relation to beliefs about witches ' familiars . Proceeding to focus on 19th- and 20th @-@ century examples , Merrifield discusses the case of James Murrell , an English cunning man , and his involvement with the witch bottle tradition . Merrifield 's final chapter , " The ritual of superstition : recognition and potential for study " , provides an overview of the entire book , highlighting the evidence of ritual continuity from pre @-@ Christian periods to the present day . Pointing out what he sees as areas of further exploration for archaeologists , he calls for " systematic investigation " of the subject . 
 
 = = Reception and recognition = = 
 
 
 = = = Academic reviews = = = 
 
 The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic was reviewed by John Hutchings for the Folklore journal , the published arm of The Folklore Society . He highlighted how the work would be of benefit to folklorists , by putting various charms then in museum exhibits – such as dead cats , buried shoes and witch bottles – into the wider context of ritual activity . He opined that it was " a little disappointing " that the examples were almost all from London and the Home Counties , but described the book as " lucidly written , carefully argued , and well illustrated . " 
 In a short review for The Antiquaries Journal , the historian of religion Hilda Ellis Davidson praised the " cautious and balanced arguments " of Merrifield 's work . She opined that it should be read by every archaeologist as a corrective to what she thought was their widespread ignorance of folklore , noting that the wide array of evidence for ritual behaviour in the archaeological record would surprise " many readers " . 
 
 = = = Wider recognition = = = 
 
 Writing Merrifield 's obituary for The Independent newspaper , the Museum of London archaeologist Peter Marsden described The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic as " a masterly study of an unusual subject . " The importance of Merrifield 's book was discussed by the Englishman Brian Hoggard , an independent researcher who authored a 2004 academic paper entitled " The archaeology of counter @-@ witchcraft and popular magic " . Being published in the Beyond the Witch Trials anthology , edited by the historians Owen Davies and Willem de Blécourt , Hoggard recounted that The Archaeology of Ritual and Magic was the " notable exception " to a trend in which archaeological studies of magic were restricted to small journals , magazines and newspaper articles . 
 The influential nature of Merrifield 's work was also recognised by the Medieval archaeologist Roberta Gilchrist of the University of Reading . In an academic paper published in a 2008 edition of the Medieval Archaeology journal , Gilchrist referenced Merrifield 's study , noting that it offered a " rare contribution " to the archaeology of ritual and magic in Britain . In particular she highlighted his belief that many archaeologists dealing with literate cultures exhibited a " ritual phobia " as accurate . 
 
 
 = History of Braathens SAFE ( 1946 – 93 ) = 
 
 Braathens South American & Far East Airtransport A / S or Braathens SAFE was founded by ship @-@ owner Ludvig G. Braathen in 1946 . It started as a charter airline based at Oslo Airport , Gardermoen in Norway , flying to destinations in the Far East and in South America . At first the airline used Douglas DC @-@ 4s , and later also Douglas DC @-@ 3s . In 1948 , the airline moved to Oslo Airport , Fornebu and started regular scheduled flights to the Far East . In 1952 , the airline started cooperation with the Icelandic airline Loftleidir , where until 1960 the two airlines in cooperation flew flights to Reykjavík . Domestic services started in 1951 , using de Havilland Herons on a route from Oslo to Stavanger via Tønsberg . Braathens SAFE also established at Stavanger Airport , Sola . A second route was started two years later to Trondheim . The Heron routes also stopped in Farsund , Kristiansand , Notodden to Stavanger and Hamar , Røros to Trondheim . 
 In 1958 , Braathens SAFE started flying to Ålesund and at the same time started flights along the West Coast . In 1959 , Fokker F @-@ 27s were taken into use , and with the Herons taken out of service , Hamar , Farsund and Tønsberg were terminated . During 1960 , the airline flew a single season to Sandefjord and Aalborg . The company also entered the domestic and international charter market during the 1960s , an industry where the airline would eventually grow to become a large Norwegian and Swedish contestant . Services to Bodø and Tromsø started in 1967 , although only from Western Norway . Braathens ' main domestic competitor was Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) , which operated all the primary domestic routes Braathens SAFE did not , in addition to the international routes . Braathens took Boeing 737 @-@ 200s and Fokker F @-@ 28s into use in 1969 ; Kristiansund was first served in 1970 and Molde in 1972 . From 1984 , the airline also operated two Boeing 767s , although they were retired along with the F @-@ 28s were in 1986 . Services to Longyearbyen started in 1987 . From 1987 , Braathens SAFE was allowed to make international scheduled flights on certain routes . In 1989 , it opened a route to Billund , in 1991 to Malmö , Newcastle and London , and in 1993 to Murmansk . From 1989 to 1994 , the airline replaced its fleet with Boeing 737 @-@ 400 and -500s . From 1989 to 1994 , Braathens Helikopter operated services on contract with oil companies to their oil platforms in the North Sea . 
 
 = = Far East = = 
 
 Braathens South American & Far East Airtransport A / S was founded on 26 March 1946 by Ludvig G. Braathen through his shipping company Braathens Rederi . Share capital was NOK 4 million , plus loans from the shipping company . Braathens had made good money during World War II with the participation in the Norwegian Shipping and Trade Mission , and received permission to use US $ 1 million to purchase aircraft . The idea to start an airline had occurred to Braathen in 1936 , when the ship Brajara had engine trouble while en route to Japan . The Japanese shipyards could not guarantee that they could repair the ship , and at first it was considered whether the ship should be towed to Europe for repairs . The solution chosen was instead to have the necessary piece made in Amsterdam and flown by KLM . Braathen wanted to have an airline that would be able to fly crew and supplies to his and other ships throughout the world — primarily in the Far East . 
 Braathen traveled to the United States , where he bought several used Douglas C @-@ 54 ( DC @-@ 4 ) aircraft from the United States Air Force . These were rebuilt by Texas Maintenance Company ( Temco ) in Fort Worth , Texas , giving them a capacity of 44 passengers , or 22 passengers and 4 tonnes ( 3 @.@ 9 long tons ; 4 @.@ 4 short tons ) of cargo . Twenty pilots were recruited and sent to Fort Worth for certification . The first plane , LN @-@ HAV Norse Explorer , landed at Oslo Airport , Gardermoen on 26 December 1946 . The next planes were LN @-@ HAT Norse Skyfarer on 11 February 1947 and LN @-@ NAU Norse Trader on 13 March . 
 The first route ran from Oslo to Cairo via Copenhagen and Paris on 30 January 1947 . Afterwards , the company was chartered for several trips from Paris and Marseille , France , to Lydda , Palestine , and Tunis , Tunisia . From Lydda , the aircraft were used to evacuate French and British personnel prior to the creation of Israel . The company 's route to Hong Kong was the longest air route in the world . At the time , the only scheduled service to the Far East was operated by British Overseas Airways Corporation using Sandringham flying boats . This route took a fortnight , while KLM had a land @-@ plane route from Amsterdam to Batavia ( Djarkarta ) . The first Braathens SAFE flight was made on 24 February from Oslo , landing at Amsterdam , Marseille , Cairo , Basra , Karachi , Culcutta and Bangkok before Hong Kong , where Norske Skyfarer landed on 8 March . Total flight time was 46 hours . Along the route , Braathens SAFE established contracts with agents , or stationed their own employees . 
 The regular services could be done with a round trip time of nine to ten days , including overnighting in Cairo , Karachi and Bangkok , and with technical revision of the plane in Hong Kong . At first there were semiweekly services , but by the end of 1947 , these had increased to weekly . In June , Braathens SAFE bought a Douglas DC @-@ 3 , LN @-@ PAS Norse Carrier , and in August another DC @-@ 4 , LN @-@ PAW Norse Commander , both from KLM . In 1947 , Braathens SAFE flew twenty @-@ five trips to Hong Kong , five to New York and one to Johannesburg , South Africa , making a profit of NOK 750 @,@ 000 . The following year , Braathens SAFE started the first trial flights to South America . The first flight was made on 23 August from Stavanger via Reykjavík , Gander and Bermuda to Caracas , where the plane landed on 26 August . In October , the airline flew to Panama , but neither route gave sufficient contracts to commence regular services . In 1948 , the airline made fifty trips to Hong Kong , eight to Johannesburg , two to the United States , three to Venezuela and two to Panama . 
 
 = = Concession = = 
 
 During World War II , the civil aviation planning was conducted by the Aviation Council . In 1945 , they started a limited number of flights that were operated by the Royal Norwegian Air Force . On 2 July 1946 , the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications , several large shipping companies and other private investors reestablished Det Norske Luftfartselskap ( DNL ) , with the state owning 20 % and the shipping companies 49 % . This airline was granted a 20 @-@ year monopoly on domestic and international flights . According to the concession , only routes that DNL were not willing to fly themselves , could be granted to other airlines . 
 By 1948 , Braathens SAFE 's routes were so regular that several countries stated that a bilateral agreement would have to be negotiated for them to continue . However , the concession that had been granted to DNL did not allow Braathens to fly any scheduled flights . Braathens SAFE applied for fifteen @-@ year concession on 5 February 1948 ; Minister of Transport Nils Langhelle from the Labor Party knew that he would be violating DNL 's concession by granting Braathens SAFE a concession , but at the same time he was worried that Braathens SAFE could easily flag out to another country , from which DNL would receive no protection . The exception in DNL 's concession could not be used , since DNL declared that they , through the Scandinavian cooperation Scandinavian Airlines System ( SAS ) , were planning to start a route to the far east . The Directorate for Civil Aviation stated that it was unlikely that DNL / SAS would start such a route within a few years , and recommended Langhelle that Braathens SAFE be granted the route . Concession was granted by the Norwegian Parliament on 3 February 1949 , with a duration of five years . The airline had to follow the route Oslo or Stavanger – Amsterdam – Geneva – Rome – Cairo – Basra – Karachi – Bombay – Calcutta – Bangkok – Hong Kong . The concession was made conditional that Braathens SAFE built a technical base at Stavanger Airport , Sola . 
 The Hong Kong @-@ route was officially opened on 5 August 1949 . Braathens SAFE had then moved its operative base from Gardermoen to Oslo Airport , Fornebu . The company stationed technical employees in Rome , Karachi , Bangkok and Hong Kong , as well as having an agreement with KLM . The planes would stop each night and crew and passengers would stay at a hotel . Cabin crew had no training , and learned the job as they worked . Chicken was the most common lunch meal , and the cabin crew had to purchase this fresh each day , usually observing the slaughter to ensure its freshness . In 1949 , sixty @-@ seven flights were made to Hong Kong , as well as two to Tokyo , to Venezuela and one to Johannesburg . 
 In 1950 , it became increasingly clear that the SAS @-@ cooperation was weak , and that either a full merger or a discontinuation of the cooperation would be necessary . Braathen suggested to the government that DNL , Fred . Olsen Airtransport and Braathens SAFE should merge to create a new domestic airline , but this proposal was rejected by both DNL and Fred . Olsen . In 1949 , the Swedish branch of SAS , Aerotransport ( ABA ) , and the Danish branch , Det Danske Luftfartselskab ( DDL ) started a joint route to the Far East . For a merger to be completed , Danish and Swedish authorities required that SAS be granted all international routes from Norway , meaning that Braathens SAFE would lose its concession from 1 March 1954 . The SAS merger was completed on 8 August 1951 . 
 Braathens SAFE applied for a concession on a route from Norway to New York on 27 March 1950 . This would allow the airline to connect the route to the Hong Kong @-@ flights , giving one continual service . The proposal would involve the purchase of Douglas DC @-@ 6B or Lockheed L @-@ 1049 Super Constellation aircraft . The proposal was rejected by the government on 19 April . The following year , Braathens SAFE applied to extend the route to Tokyo , but this was also rejected by the government . In 1951 , the company applied to purchase two Super Constellations to replace two sold DC @-@ 4s , which was granted , and on 14 January 1953 for an extension of the concession for another ten years . On 13 November 1953 , the government rejected the concession application , stating that Norway was bound to grant the concession to SAS on the basis of the merger agreement . 
 
 = = = Icelandic cooperation = = = 
 
 In 1952 , the Icelandic airline Loftleidir was granted the concession to fly from Keflavík Airport outside Reykjavík to New York and Chicago in the United States , and to Oslo , Copenhagen and London . The company established a hub at Keflavík . Braathens SAFE and Loftleidir made an agreement where Braathens SAFE would lease personnel and mechanical services to Loftleidir , and the two would split profits from the joint venture evenly . This allowed the two airlines to have a continual route between Hong Kong and New York as long as Braathens SAFE 's concession lasted . In 1954 , another DC @-@ 4 , LN @-@ HHK , was bought . This aircraft was sold to Loftleidir the following year . In 1956 , another DC @-@ 4 , LN @-@ SUP , was bought , and used for charter and by Loftleidir . In 1959 and 1960 , Loftleidir received two new Douglas DC @-@ 6B aircraft , with a five @-@ year mechanical agreement with Braathens SAFE . In 1960 , the two companies agreed to terminate the cooperation from 1 January 1961 . 
 
 = = Domestic with Herons = = 
 
 From 1950 , Braathens SAFE started flying charter services to Europe with Douglas DC @-@ 6 , mainly to Copenhagen and Paris . DNL protested because Braathens SAFE was charging too low ticket prices , while DDL protested against the flights to Copenhagen . In September 1951 , Braathens SAFE offered Danish authorities to fly all domestic routes without subsidies , but this was rejected because such a permit could only be issued to Danish airlines . After World War II , only Fornebu , Stavanger Airport , Sola and Kristiansand Airport , Kjevik were in use as land airport . A plan for construction was passed by parliament in 1952 , that based the financing of airports as joint civilian and military airports , with funding from NATO . 
 In 1951 , Braathens SAFE applied for concession for a route from Oslo to Bodø via Trondheim without subsidies . They also stated that they were willing to fly all domestic routes without subsidies , granted that they were awarded all routes . This was based on the acquisition of de Havilland Heron aircraft , which could use shorter runways and has a capacity of 15 people . SAS was granted the concession to Bodø and Trondheim , but the Ministry of Transport issued a concession to Braathens SAFE on the route from Oslo via Tønsberg Airport , Jarlsberg to Stavanger . The plane started in Stavanger in the morning , and operated the opposite direction of SAS ' route from Oslo to Stavanger , which continued onwards to London . The first flight was made on 3 May 1952 , with the Heron LN @-@ PSG Per . From 7 to 14 May , the plane went on a tour of the country , visiting several airports . Regular services started on 18 August and a one @-@ way ticket cost NOK 95 . 
 On 30 January 1953 , Braathens SAFE applied to start a route from Oslo to Trondheim Airport , Lade . A trial permit was granted , and the first flight was made on 18 August . Because Lade had a grass runway , Trondheim Airport , Værnes was used during bad weather . SAS flew a morning flight from Oslo , while Braathens flew the morning route from Trondheim . In 1953 , Braathens SAFE stated that to keep their 210 employees and fleet of one DC @-@ 4 , one DC @-@ 3 and two Herons , they would have to receive future domestic services , to compensate for more than 90 % of their revenue disappearing with the loss of the Far East route . In 1953 , Braathens SAFE applied to fly five routes : Bardufoss – Alta – Kirkenes ; Stavanger – Bergen – Trondheim ( both with Herons ) ; Tromsø – Alta – Hammerfest ; Bodø – Harstad ; and Bodø – Harstad – Tromsø ( all with de Havilland Canada DHC @-@ 3 Otters ) . The five routes would require NOK 725 @,@ 000 in annual subsidies . The concessions were granted to DNL , who allowed their partially owned subsidiary Widerøe to fly the sea routes . 
 Braathens bought six Herons , in addition to one that was leased during 1954 . They had been given the common Norwegian names Per , Ola , Pål and Lars . Because of replacements , the airline never operated more than four at a time . In June 1955 , Braathens SAFE started landing some of the Oslo – Stavanger planes at Kristiansand Airport , Kjevik and Farsund Airport , Lista . The route , nicknamed the " Milk Route " , operated Stavanger – Farsund – Kristiansand – Tønsberg – Oslo in the morning , with a return in the evening . The same year , SAS and Braathens SAFE started negotiating splitting up the domestic routes . Nils Langhelle , then regional director in SAS , suggested creating a merged subsidiary that could fly all domestic routes . On 16 May 1956 , Braathens SAFE started landing at Hamar Airport , Stafsberg on the Oslo – Trondheim route , and at Notodden Airport , Tuven on the Oslo – Stavanger route . Both airports had 1 @,@ 000 metres ( 3 @,@ 300 ft ) runways that could only be served by small aircraft such as the Heron . From 1959 , services to both airports were terminated . Røros Airport was opened on 19 July 1957 , and Braathens SAFE landed some of the Oslo – Trondheim services there . After 1958 , services were terminated , but after the runway was extended from 1 @,@ 360 to 1 @,@ 600 metres ( 4 @,@ 460 to 5 @,@ 250 ft ) , it was taken into use again in 1963 . 
 The route Stavanger – Bergen – Trondheim was awarded to Vestlandske Luftfartsselskap in 1956 , but this company filed for bankruptcy the following year . Ålesund Airport , Vigra was scheduled to open in 1958 , and both Braathens SAFE and SAS applied for the concession , along with the route along the West Coast . At first the ministry wanted to issue the concession on the route Stavanger – Bergen – Ålesund – Trondheim to Braathens SAFE and the route Ålesund – Oslo to SAS . But after negotiations , Braathens SAFE stated they were willing to fly the coastal route without subsidies if they were granted the Oslo @-@ route , since that would allow them to cross @-@ subsidize ; this was granted by the ministry . An agreement was then made between the ministry , SAS and Braathens SAFE , where both airlines would fly the routes Oslo – Trondheim , Oslo – Stavanger , Oslo – Kristiansand and Kristiansand – Stavanger – Bergen ; Braathens SAFE had a monopoly on the routes Oslo – Ålesund and Bergen – Ålesund – Trondheim , while SAS was granted a monopoly on the routes Oslo – Bergen and ( Oslo ) – Trondheim – Bodø – Bardufoss . In 1958 , Braathens SAFE had 77 @,@ 591 passengers . 
 
 = = = Hummelfjell Accident = = = 
 
 On 7 November 1956 , the Heron LN @-@ SUR Lars crashed at Hummelfjell after the aircraft had experienced icing problems . The Hummelfjell Accident killed the pilot and one passenger , but the remaining ten people on board survived . Among them was the famous television actor Rolf Kirkvaag , who , despite injury , succeeded at walking to civilization to inform about the accident . 
 
 = = Friendship = = 
 
 During the late 1950s , Braathens SAFE started looking for a replacement for the aging DC @-@ 3s and Herons . An order was placed with Fokker for the delivery of their new Fokker F @-@ 27 Friendship , a two @-@ engine turboprop with cabin pressurization . Braathens SAFE was the second airline to receive the plane , after Aer Lingus . The first craft , LN @-@ SUN , was delivered in December 1958 , with the second , LN @-@ SUO , delivered the following year . They were put into service on the main routes : once daily Oslo – Trondheim , once daily Oslo – Ålesund , twice daily Oslo – Stavanger , including one stopping at Kristiansand , and one trip daily Bergen – Ålesund – Trondheim . The delivery of the Friendships made the Herons unnecessary , and these were sold . The two DC @-@ 3s were kept as a reserve , and were used for the first part of the summer schedules because of late delivery of LN @-@ SUO . They were also used for charter . The airports at Hamar , Farsund and Tønsberg had too short runways for the Friendship , and these destinations were terminated . 
 The first flight to the winter @-@ only airport at Longyearbyen on Svalbard was made on 2 April 1959 , when Store Norske Spitsbergen Kulkompani chartered a DC @-@ 4 from Bardufoss Airport . Store Norske cleared a 1 @,@ 800 by 40 metres ( 5 @,@ 910 by 130 ft ) runway on snow for the aircraft . More flights were chartered during the 1960s , and Longyearbyen became a regular charter destination for Braathens SAFE . 
 From 3 June to 30 September 1960 , Braathens SAFE was granted concession on the route from Oslo via Sandefjord Airport , Torp to Aalborg Airport in Denmark . This became possible because SAS had abandoned the route the previous year . It was flown with a DC @-@ 3 , giving an 80 % load factor . On 22 July , the Braathens SAFE applied for a three @-@ year concession , but this was rejected because SAS stated that they would restart the route . In 1961 , SAS started the route Stavanger – Kristiansand – Ålborg , and in 1963 on the route Oslo – Kristiansand – Ålborg . The concession allowed SAS to also take passengers on the domestic legs , giving Braathens SAFE competition on the routes to Kristiansand . 
 Passengers traveling from Western to Northern Norway had to transfer from Braathens SAFE to SAS in Trondheim . Both airlines saw this as a strategic opportunity to get routes in each other 's territories . On 31 August 1960 , Braathens SAFE applied for an extension of its Bergen – Ålesund – Trondheim route onwards to Bodø Airport and Bardufoss Airport . The two airports had been served by SAS from Oslo via Trondheim . SAS presented estimates that between 2 @.@ 5 and 6 @.@ 1 passengers transferred at Trondheim each day . Braathens SAFE later proposed that they could fly directly from Bergen and Ålesund to Bodø and Bardufoss , but Braathens SAFE 's application was rejected by the ministry . All concessions ended on 31 March 1961 , and the ministry extended them all one year . Three new airports , Alta Airport , Lakselv Airport , Banak and Kirkenes Airport , Høybuktmoen , were about to open and the ministry wanted to award new concessions that included these airports . Braathens SAFE applied to operate to all the airports in Northern Norway , but the contract was awarded to SAS . The latter also applied to operate a route from Northern Norway via Trondheim , Ålesund and Bergen to Stavanger , while Braathens SAFE in 1964 again applied for an extension of the West Coast route to Northern Norway . This was moderated to a direct route from Tromsø Airport to Bergen , which SAS received permission for on 4 March 1965 . 
 An additional F @-@ 27s was delivered in 1961 , and two more in 1962 . By then , the Oslo – Stavanger route was expanded to four daily round trips , of which two went via Kristiansand . Ålesund had two round trips , while Trondheim had one . The coastal route had two services , and was branded as the " Airbus " . In all , 175 @,@ 202 passengers were transported , up 40 % since the previous year . By 1965 , the Trondheim , Ålesund and coast routes had three round trips , while there were four to Kristiansand and five to Stavanger . That year , the right @-@ winged Borten 's Cabinet was appointed ; Braathens SAFE therefore again applied for an extension of the West Coast route to Tromsø and Bodø . When the government signaled that it would support the application , it caused a major debate , particularly in Denmark and Sweden , and the Danish and Swedish governments threatened to terminate the SAS agreement . On 25 November 1966 , with 82 against 62 votes , the Norwegian Parliament voted to allow Braathens SAFE to fly to Bodø and Tromsø as an extension of the West Coast route from 1 April 1967 . 
 On 3 March 1967 , parliament decided to build four short take @-@ off and landing airports along the Helgeland coast between Trondheim and Bodø . Braathens placed an order for a de Havilland Canada DHC @-@ 6 Twin Otter and planned to start the company Braathens STOL . It applied to operate the route without subsidies , but the concession was rejected and granted with subsidies to Widerøe , which had been operating the routes using seaplanes . 
 
 = = Charter = = 
 
 During the 1950s , the main customers for charter flights had been Norwegian shipping companies , who flew their crew home from ports in Central Europe . In 1959 , Saga Tours was created as the first travel agency for Mediterranean charter trips , and the company started a cooperation with Braathens SAFE . The first DC @-@ 4 flew to Mallorca that year . In 1961 , the company 's first Douglas DC @-@ 6B was bought . It had a capacity of 96 passengers , and cooperation was also started with Metro and Paddan in Gothenburg . Other charter destinations were London , Alicante and Málaga , both in Spain . That year , Braathens SAFE bought 50 % of Saga Tours in a private placement . Braathens SAFE established an office in Gothenburg in 1965 . After Vingresor had been bought by SAS and moved to Stockholm three years later , three employees started Atlas Resor in Gothenburg , and started using Braathens SAFE as their airline . By 1966 , Braathens SAFE was operating seven DC @-@ 6s . 
 The agreements with Spanish authorities allowed only airlines from the country of origin or from Spain to fly charter flights . But because of the SAS @-@ cooperation , an agreement was made where any Scandinavian airline could fly to Spain from any of the three Scandinavian countries . Domestically , Braathens SAFE received strong competition from Sterling Airways , but on the other hand this allowed Braathens SAFE to fly charter flights from Sweden . In 1968 , the large Swedish – Danish charter airline Internord went bankrupt , giving Braathens SAFE increased charter traffic . The company also started purchasing a larger share of Altas Resor , until it took over all the whole company in 1978 . In Sweden , Braathens SAFE used its partners to sell charter flights to Norway , and then continue their flights using scheduled flights . Braathens SAFE was hindered by the charter regulations from making intercontinental flights , as well as flights between the Scandinavian capitals . The rules also forced business travelers to use scheduled flights . 
 
 = = Into the Jet Age = = 
 
 In 1965 , Braathens SAFE placed an order for three Boeing 737 @-@ 200s , costing a total ofNOK 100 million . They were intended to do the main haul of the charter market . There had been an internal struggle as to whether the company should purchase the Fokker F @-@ 28 Fellowship or the Boeing 737 @-@ 100 , a shorter version of the 737 @-@ 200 . Having a single plane type would give a single pool of pilot and mechanic certifications , and would have saved the company NOK millions in costs . Following the decision to purchase the F @-@ 28 , Bjørn G. Braathen , son of Ludvig G. and later CEO , left the company . 
 By 1966 , Braathens SAFE had sold all its DC @-@ 4s , and had purchased eight F @-@ 27s . The DC @-@ 6s were used exclusively for charter , with all domestic flights being flown with the F @-@ 27s . The same year , the booking system was centralized and moved to offices in Oslo . The company established sales offices in Bodø and Tromsø on 1 March 1967 . A new cargo department was opened at Oslo Airport on 29 September . Braathens SAFE applied in a joint venture with the Norwegian America Line to start a cargo flight to the United States and the Far East , but this was declined by the ministry . From 1967 , also DC @-@ 6s were used on domestic routes . In August , it was announced that Braathens SAFE would replace the F @-@ 27s with six new Fokker F @-@ 28 , and that the F @-@ 27s would be sold to the manufacturer . Later , the number of orders of 737s was reduced to two , and of F @-@ 28s to five . The Fellowships cost NOK 40 million each . 
 The first 737 , LN @-@ SUS , landed in Oslo on 8 January 1969 , followed by LN @-@ SUP on 31 January . Braathens SAFE was the launch customer of the F @-@ 28 , and the first plane landed in Oslo on 3 March . Five F @-@ 28s were delivered in the course of a year , in addition to one aircraft that was leased periodically until 1971 . There were several technical problems due to having the earliest models of the F @-@ 28 , causing some operational difficulties . Two DC @-@ 6s were sold , and all but three of the F @-@ 27s were sold to Fokker between October 1968 and May 1969 . Along with the aircraft came a new simulator , and the simulator division was moved from Sola to Fornebu . On 27 February 1970 , the company took into use an IT @-@ system , based at Sola . 
 With the delivery of the Boeing 737 @-@ 200s , Braathens SAFE started using these aircraft on the long @-@ haul charter flights . By 1977 , there were nine international charter airlines competing with Braathens SAFE : Aviaco , Britannia Airways , Dan @-@ Air , Linjeflyg , Maersk Air , Scanair ( owned by SAS ) , Spantax , Sterling and Transair . In 1976 , good exchange rates gave a peak of flights to London , with eleven weekly flights across the North Sea . Braathens SAFE also started flying for Vingresor . In 1976 , 44 % of the company 's revenue was from charter , but by 1979 it had dropped to 36 % . During this period , about half of the planes ' flying time was related to charter . 
 
 = = More airports = = 
 
 Prior to the opening of Kristiansund Airport , Kvernberget , Braathens SAFE applied for a concession to fly to it along the West Coast , as well as the direct route from Oslo . SAS applied to fly the Oslo @-@ service . The ministry wanted Braathens SAFE to fly the route with a concession granted to SAS , but Braathens SAFE rejected this . Instead , they were granted both the routes on temporary basis . The new airport received three daily flights to Oslo , of which two went via Ålesund , and four services on the West Coast route . At the same time , there was a discussion about who was to operate the new STOL @-@ airports on the West Coast . Braathens SAFE stated that they wanted a local airline to do the flying , and chose not to apply . The concession was granted to Widerøe , and Braathens SAFE subsequently bought part of the airline . 
 On 5 April 1972 , Molde Airport , Årø opened . Unlike other primary airports , it had been built and financed by the municipality , and did not become state @-@ owned until 1978 . Braathens SAFE started flying both to Oslo and along the West Coast from Molde . The same year , the airline for the first time exceeded one million domestic passengers . It also started with five weekly cargo flights with flowers from Genova , Italy . The following year , the last DC @-@ 6 was sold , after the type had been phased out since 1969 . 
 The same year , the government appointed a commission , led by Bue Fjermeros , to look into the organization of the domestic air routes . Since the last compromise in splitting routes , the traffic had increased more in Braathens SAFE 's domain that SAS ' . The commission also looked a to whom the two next airports that would be opened , Haugesund Airport , Karmøy and Harstad / Narvik Airport , Evenes , would be given . Neither company wanted to cooperate beyond the existing arrangement of coordinating their routes time @-@ wise , along with those of Widerøe . In addition , Braathens SAFE bought handling services from SAS at Gardermoen , Bergen , Bodø and Tromsø , while SAS bought handling services from Braathens SAFE at Stavanger . The commission granted SAS the rights to fly from Oslo to Haugesund , Harstad / Narvik and the new airport Svalbard Airport , Longyear . Braathens SAFE was allowed to fly from Bergen to Northern Norway via Ålesund , Molde and Kristiansund . SAS lost the right to fly directly from Bergen to Northern Norway . When the matter was passed by parliament , they also granted SAS the right to fly from Oslo to Stavanger , even if their planes did not continue abroad . 
 
 = = = Flight 239 = = = 
 
 On 23 December 1972 at 16 : 30 , the company 's most fatal accident occurred . F @-@ 28 LN @-@ SUY Sverre Sigurdson on Flight 239 from Ålesund to Oslo crashed at Asker , killing 40 of the 45 people on board , including the crew of three . The cause of the accident was never discovered , although a possibility could have been faults with the instrument landing system . 
 
 = = Times of change = = 
 
 Following the steep increase of oil prices in 1973 , Braathens SAFE increased the ticket prices with about 30 % , giving for the first year a reduction in the number of travelers . The IT @-@ system Bracar was introduced on 4 February 1974 , connecting all locations with 53 terminals , rationalizing 20 man @-@ years . In 1974 , Annæus Schjødt jr. became chair , and the following year , the employees were represented with two board members . The remaining three F @-@ 27s were sold to the Braathens Rederi @-@ owned Busy Bee between 1975 and 1977 . From 1 January 1976 , Braathens SAFE introduced " Green Routes " , where passengers were granted 35 % discount if they traveled on Saturdays or Sunday morning , booked a round trip and were away for at least a full week or over a weekend . From 1972 to 1976 , the company 's revenue doubled , to NOK 500 million , while production increased 18 % . The main contributing factor was the increase of labor costs , that had almost doubled in the four years , although also higher fuel prices and taxes contributed . In 1976 , the airline transported 1 @,@ 154 @,@ 000 scheduled and 485 @,@ 000 chartered passengers . Braathens SAFE had a 37 % scheduled market share and 31 % share of the charter flights . The largest traffic increases were in Stavanger , Bergen and Trondheim . During the late 1970s , Braathens SAFE increased the number of direct flights between these cities , without increasing the number of landings in Ålesund and Kristiansand . From 1 April 1977 , the airline lost its dispensation to operate with reduced cabin crew , and was forced to increase the number on the F @-@ 28 from one to two , and on the 737 from two to three . At the same time , the airline introduced in @-@ flight meals . 
 Ludvig G. Braathen died on 27 December 1976 while he was still CEO . He was succeeded by his son Bjørn G. Braathen , who had returned to the company a few years earlier . In 1977 , Braathens SAFE made NOK 10 million in profit on the Trondheim route and NOK 4 million on the routes from Oslo to Kristiansand and Stavanger . At the same time , the airline lost NOK 6 million on the routes to from Oslo to Ålesund , Molde and Kristiansund , and NOK 18 million on the coastal routes between Stavanger and Tromsø . From 1 October 1978 , the company also introduced 50 % youth discount for people under 26 years . From 1 May 1978 , there was introduced a NOK 100 tax on international charter flights . The same year , Braathens SAFE bought 15 % of Bergenske Dampskibsselskab , that owned 51 % of the travel agency Bennett Reisebureau . This was to try to secure influence over the chain , that was also owned 31 % by SAS . A new , neutral ticketing system , SMART , was introduced in 1980 for all travel agents in Norway and Sweden . Following this , Braathens SAFE sold its stake in Bergenske with a profit . 
 Starting with the delivery of the F @-@ 28s and 737s , all planes were named after Norwegian kings . The last three F @-@ 27s were also given such names . During the 1970s , Braathens SAFE took delivery of eleven 737s , supplementing the four F @-@ 28s . The third delivered , LN @-@ SUA , had a cargo door on the side , making it ideal for cargo flights . The three planes delivered in 1979 had extended range tanks making direct flights to the Canary Islands possible . In 1979 , the company started looking into possible replacements for their fleet , considering larger aircraft . 
 The late 1970s and early 1980s was a time of economic problems for airlines worldwide . Passenger numbers stabilized , and Braathens SAFE introduced a 15 % discount to purchasers of 100 tickets at one time . The company hit NOK 1 billion in revenue in 1981 . Discounted tickets were not sufficient to cover the increasing costs , particularly related to fuel , and the company introduced the internal campaign Bra @-@ 82 . This involved a more market @-@ oriented management and a focus on service increase , including better regularity and free coffee . During the summer , the reduced demand made the airline introduce discounted " summer tickets " for NOK 280 on any route in Southern Norway . This gave a 75 % load factor , the highest for the whole year . 
 In 1982 , Braathens SAFE bought 15 % of DNL . It also applied , though the sister company Braathens Helikopter , for concessions for helicopter services from Stavanger to offshore oil platforms . As a reaction , the incumbent , Helikopter Service , applied for Braathens SAFEs West Coast routes . At this point , SAS bought 15 % of Helikopter Service . In 1984 , Braathens SAFE introduced services to Farsund Airport , using wet leased F @-@ 27s from Busy Bee . The same arrangement was used to connect Haugesund to Bergen and Stavanger . In Haugesund , this was in competition with Norving . Busy Bee @-@ operated planes were also used on routes from Sandefjord in competition with Norsk Flytjeneste . The same year , the cabin crew had a 14 @-@ day strike , halting all flights . It was caused by the company paying lower wages than SAS and Busy Bee . In 1985 , a new booking system was introduced , that allowed overbooking . This gave increased revenue , but the company had to start compensating rejected passengers with a full refund and a free seat on the next flight . On 16 December 1985 , the airline 's administration moved into the a new building , the Diamond , located at Fornebu . The frequent flyer program Bracard was launched in September 1985 . It was a cooperation with Inter Nor Hotels , and gave special privileges to travelers that made 25 full @-@ price trips per year with Braathens . 
 
 = = New Boeings = = 
 
 In 1980 , the management of Braathens SAFE decided that it needed larger aircraft if the company was to stay competitive on charter flights . Larger aircraft could be put into service on the main services from Oslo , Gothenburg and Stockholm , while the 737s could be used to smaller destination and from other cities . On 25 February 1980 , the company announced that it had ordered two Boeing 767 @-@ 200 planes , with an option for two addition craft . The cost of the two firm orders was about NOK 500 million . This would allow the aircraft to be used for both domestic scheduled flights and for charter , and was configured with 242 seats . This was less than charter @-@ only airlines , for instance Britannia had their planes configured with 273 seats . Braathens SAFE 's planes were delivered on 23 March and in November 1984 . The following year showed increasing charter traffic , although it only made up 25 % of the company 's revenue . The company had considered the smaller Boeing 757 , but did not have sufficient range . Also the Airbus A310 was close to being chosen . 
 The 767s were launched as " First Business Class " to charter travelers , but the business model was not successful . The new consumer groups entering the market had low willingness to pay , and the demand for premium charter services was low . The company was faced with not being able to charter out the plane because of the low seat numbers , but could not put in the extra seats because of the aircraft also being used on the scheduled market . Using so large aircraft on the short @-@ haul flights in Southern Norway gave little economy @-@ of @-@ scale , and the airline seldom needed the increased capacity . Braathens SAFE also had problems , because from order to delivery , the exchange rates had increased from 5 to 9 NOK per USD , almost doubling the price in NOK . In 1986 , the two 767s where sold . Two years later , Altas Resor was sold , and the following year Saga . Braathens SAFE closed its bases in Gothenburg and Stockholm , but remained a charter operator with 737s from Norway . 
 Following the decision to sell the two 767s , management also decided to sell the four remaining F @-@ 28s . This would allow Braathens to operate a fleet of pure 737 @-@ 200 , giving lower operating costs . One 737 was taken out of service in 1984 , and the four F @-@ 28s sold in 1986 . The same year , seven more 737 @-@ 200s were delivered , along with two more in 1987 and 1988 . By then , Braathens SAFEs entire fleet consisted of nineteen 737 @-@ 200s . At the same time , Boeing had launched the 737 @-@ 300 , a slightly larger aircraft with new CFM @-@ 56 engines . Braathens SAFE considered the new aircraft , but where concerned that it used a traditional mechanical cockpit . The airline also needed larger aircraft for the charter traffic , and smaller aircraft for the domestic routes . The airline also considered the McDonnell Douglas MD @-@ 80 and the Airbus A320 , but settled on the 737 following the announcement of the stretched 737 @-@ 400 , with 156 seats , and the shortened 737 @-@ 500 , with 124 seats . These had glass cockpits , and Braathens SAFE would be among the first airlines to receive both models . To finance the purchase , the airline sold all but two of the 737 @-@ 200s and leased them back . For some of the aircraft , they received more money than they had paid . 
 
 = = = Hijacking = = = 
 
 On 21 June 1985 , the 737 @-@ 200 LN @-@ SUG Harald Gille , with 121 passengers en route from Trondheim to Oslo , was hijacked by the 24 @-@ year @-@ old Stein Arvid Huseby . He had threatened a flight attendant with an air gun . He demanded to talk to Prime Minister Kåre Willoch and Minister of Justice Mona Røkke and a press conference to make a political statement . His demands were not met , and he surrendered while the plane was parked in Oslo . This was the first hijacking in Norway . 
 
 = = Competition and new planes = = 
 
 The F @-@ 28s had the largest regularity problems , mostly due to the number of landings , which could count up to 16 per day . For instance , LN @-@ SUO flew 36 @,@ 000 hours with 76 @,@ 000 landings . The last flight was made on 16 December 1986 , and the aircraft sold for NOK 45 million each . Although the F @-@ 28 was taken out of service , some of the routes on the West Coast needed to be operated with smaller aircraft than the 737 . The company made an agreement to wet lease Busy Bee F @-@ 27s one some of the routes , while the most trafficked ones would be taken over by 737s . 
 A 1985 government committee , led by State Secretary Per Arne Watle , recommended that more route be flown by both Braathens SAFE and SAS , and that additional airlines be allowed to start other routes . On 5 September 1985 , Braathens SAFE applied for the route Trondheim – Bodø – Harstad / Narvik – Tromsø and Tromsø – Longyearbyen . SAS had stated that it was fine with them if other airlines started flying international routes they did not , and on 17 October Braathens SAFE also applied for the routes Bergen – Stavanger – Paris , Bergen – Stavanger – Manchester , Oslo – Stavanger – Brussels and Trondheim – Bergen – Newcastle . The applications were rejected and it was agreed upon that SAS would retain all rights to fly internationally between Oslo , Bergen , Stavanger , Gothenburg , Stockholm , Copenhagen and Århus . 
 A new round of concession applications were filed in 1987 : Trondheim to Northern Norway , Tromsø – Longyearbyen , Oslo – Billund and Oslo – Alicante . The right @-@ winged Willoch 's Second Cabinet decided to use three principles in issuing new concessions : keeping the array of local routes , granting concessions on the terms that the airlines would continue to cross @-@ subsidize routes , and to introduce competition on the largest routes . Braathens SAFE was given permission to fly Oslo – Bergen and Western Norway – Trondheim – Bodø – Tromsø , plus once daily Oslo – Trondheim – Bodø , as well as Tromsø – Longyearbyen . At the same time , SAS was allowed to fly freely on the routes Oslo – Trondheim and Oslo – Stavanger . In 1988 , Braathens SAFE introduced automatic check @-@ in machines in Oslo , Stavanger , Bergen , Ålesund and Trondheim . 
 The first 737 @-@ 400 , LN @-@ BRA , was delivered to the airline on 9 July 1989 . The 19 737 @-@ 200s were gradually handed to their owners , while seven 737 @-@ 400s and seventeen 737 @-@ 500s were delivered until 1994 . The investment cost NOK 4 @.@ 5 billion . By the end of 1993 , the company had NOK 3 @.@ 4 billion in debt . On 1 June 1989 , Erik G. Braathen , son of Bjørn G. , took over as CEO at the age of 34 . In 1992 , Busy Bee filed for bankruptcy ; the company 's fleet of three Fokker 50s were transferred to the newly established Norwegian Air Shuttle , which started wet @-@ leased operations along the West Coast for Braathens SAFE . As demand increased through the 1990s , the fleet was extended to six aircraft . 
 
 = = International routes = = 
 
 Braathens SAFE was also given the right to fly its first international scheduled flights for the first time in several decades . On 19 August 1988 , the airline was granted concession to fly to Billund in Denmark . At the same time , Air @-@ X was granted concession to fly the route via Sandefjord and Skien . The route started on 2 May 1989 . Previously the rules stated that if SAS flew to a non @-@ Scandinavian destination from any capital , no other Scandinavian airlines could fly to that city . Braathens SAFE lost many contracts in the charter market in 1990 , following Scanair 's purchase of larger Douglas DC @-@ 10 aircraft . On 18 May 1990 , Braathens SAFE was awarded the concession a route from Oslo , Bergen and Stavanger to Newcastle , which opened on 3 April 1991 . The airline was also awarded the route from Tromsø to Murmansk , Russia , once per week from 28 January 1993 . 
 On 19 June 1990 , SAS announced that all its services to London Gatwick Airport would be moved to London Heathrow Airport , where most of its services had landed . The same day , the Ministry of Transport announced that any Scandinavian airline could apply for and receive concessions to fly to Gatwick . On 25 June , Braathens SAFE applied to fly to London , but instead wanted to fly to London Stansted Airport , to have better landing slots . The concession was granted on 18 January 1991 , but the airline chose to not start the route . The company had been granted a concession to Malmø in Sweden , and the route opened on 2 May 1991 with two daily departures . This was later reduced to one . In October 1992 , the two airlines that flew from Oslo to Gatwick , Norway Airlines and Dan @-@ Air , filed for bankcruptcy . Braathens SAFE immediately decided to start the route , with a departure at about 10 : 30 that would allow connections to the rest of the domestic network . Six days later , the first schedules were published in the newspaper , slots and British permission was granted three days after that . Another two days after that , the service started . 
 At the time , Denmark was a member of the European Union ( EU ) , while Sweden and Norway had applied and were awaiting referenda to determine membership . EU was working to deregulate the airline market from 1995 , which could cause problems for the Scandinavian agreements . In preparation for this , Braathens SAFE started negotiations with Linjeflyg of Sweden and Maersk Air of Denmark to crate an alliance to compete with SAS . In particular , the three airlines wanted to capture the two million passengers that travelled between the three Scandinavian capitals : Oslo , Copenhagen and Stockholm . Instead , SAS was given permission to purchase Linjeflyg in exchange for the Swedish airline market being deregulated from 1 July 1992 . From 23 October 1992 , the Norwegian Armed Forces stopped chartering aircraft and started using scheduled flights to fly 240 @,@ 000 personnel annually . Since most of the transport was between Northern and Southern Norway , this gave reduced revenue for Braathens SAFE . 
 
 = = Helicopters = = 
 
 On 1 September 1989 , Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi founded Braathens Helikopter . The shipping company had signed an agreement with the oil companies Norsk Hydro , Phillips Petroleum and Statoil to provide helicopter transport for their crews to their offshore oil installations Ekofisk , Oseberg , Gullfaks , Veslefrikk . This was the first time the incumbent Helikopter Service had received competition on their offshore helicopter services . The initial agreement secured Braathens Helikopter a revenue of NOK 800 million in the course of five years , and gave the company a 20 % market share . Four 19 @-@ seet Aérospatiale Super Puma helicopters were ordered , each costing NOK 60 million . Total investment costs were NOK 300 million . Two helicopters were stationed at Stavanger Airport , Sola and two at Bergen Airport , Flesland . The initial contract involved flying 10 @,@ 000 passengers per year . 
 Twenty @-@ two pilots were hired along with a total staff of 70 , and services started on 1 September 1990 . In June 1991 , Braathens Helikopter signed a three @-@ year agreement with Amoco for flights from Stavanger to Valhall . The contract had an option for a two @-@ year extension . The revenue was between NOK 100 and 200 million , depending on the length of the contract and the capacity needed . Operations started in February 1992 , and involved the company purchasing another two Super Pumas . On 10 September , Braathens Helikopter was awarded the contract with British Petroleum for flights from Stavanger to Ula and Gyda . The contract gave a revenue of up to NOK 300 million in the course five years . Operations started on 1 November 1992 , and involved about 2 @,@ 000 hours of flying per year . With this contract , Braathens Helikopter had about a 30 % market share . Braathens purchased one more Super Puma as a consequence of the contract . After operations started , the company had grown to 120 employees and was the second @-@ largest helicopter operator in the country . 
 Braathens Helikopter and Helikopter Service announced on 1 October 1993 that the two companies would merge from 1 January 1994 . Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi would be paid with NOK 225 million in Helikopter Service shares . The Norwegian Competition Authority stated they would have to look at the merger , since the new company would have an almost @-@ monopoly on offshore flights . However , the ministry stated that the authority could not hinder the merger , because by the time new contracts were awarded in 1995 , helicopter operators from foreign countries would also be allowed to bid . The ownership of Braathens Helikopter was transferred to Helikopter Service on 14 December . Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi received 14 % of the shares in the merged company . They were immediately sold , giving Ludvig G. Braathens Rederi a NOK 170 million profit on the five @-@ year venture . 
 
 
 = Gerard ( archbishop of York ) = 
 
 Gerard ( died 21 May 1108 ) was Archbishop of York between 1100 and 1108 and Lord Chancellor of England from 1085 until 1092 . A Norman , he was a member of the cathedral clergy at Rouen before becoming a royal clerk under King William I of England and subsequently his son King William II Rufus . Gerard was appointed Lord Chancellor by William I , and he continued in that office under Rufus , who rewarded him with the Bishopric of Hereford in 1096 . Gerard may have been with the king 's hunting party when William II was killed , as he is known to have witnessed the first charter issued by the new king , Henry I of England , within days of William 's death . 
 Soon after Henry 's coronation Gerard was appointed to the recently vacant see of York , and became embroiled in the long @-@ running dispute between York and the see of Canterbury concerning which archbishopric had primacy over England . Gerard managed to secure papal recognition of York 's claim to jurisdiction over the church in Scotland , but he was forced to agree to a compromise with his counterpart at Canterbury , Anselm , over Canterbury 's claims to authority over York , although it was not binding on his successors . In the Investiture Controversy between the king and the papacy over the right to appoint bishops , Gerard worked on reconciling the claims of the two parties ; the controversy was finally resolved in 1107 . 
 Gerard was a patron of learning , to the extent that he urged at least one of his clergy to study Hebrew , a language not commonly studied at that time . He himself was a student of astrology , which led to suggestions that he was a magician and a sorcerer . Partly because of such rumours , and his unpopular attempts to reform his cathedral clergy , Gerard was denied a burial inside York Minster after his sudden death in 1108 . His successor as archbishop subsequently had Gerard 's remains moved into the cathedral church from their initial resting place beside the cathedral porch . 
 
 = = Early life and career = = 
 
 Gerard was the nephew of Walkelin , Bishop of Winchester , and Simon , Abbot of Ely . His parents were Osbert and Anna , and his brother Peter was also a royal clerk . Where he was born and raised is unknown ; he is documented as cantor of Rouen Cathedral , and precentor of the same cathedral , although the date of his appointment to either office is unrecorded . By 1091 he had become archdeacon of Rouen . He served in the royal chancery under successive kings of England , William I and William II . 
 
 = = Bishop of Hereford = = 
 
 Gerard was appointed Lord Chancellor of England in 1085 , and was present at William I 's deathbed in 1087 . He continued as Chancellor to William Rufus until 1092 ; what precipitated his loss of office is unclear . He retained the king 's trust , for Rufus employed him in 1095 along with William Warelwast on a diplomatic mission to Pope Urban II regarding Archbishop Anselm receiving the pallium , the sign of an archbishop 's authority . Rufus offered to recognise Urban as pope rather than the Antipope Clement III in return for Anselm 's deposition and the delivery of Anselm 's pallium into Rufus ' custody , to dispose of as he saw fit . The mission departed for Rome in February 1095 and returned by Whitsun with a papal legate , Walter the Cardinal Bishop of Albano , who had Anselm 's pallium . The legate secured Rufus ' recognition of Urban , but subsequently refused to consider Anselm 's deposition . Rufus resigned himself to Anselm 's position as archbishop , and at the king 's court at Windsor he consented to Anselm being given the pallium . 
 Although not yet ordained , Gerard was rewarded with the Bishopric of Hereford , and he was consecrated by Archbishop Anselm on 8 June 1096 ; his ordination as a deacon and priest had taken place the previous day . He assisted at the consecration of St Paul 's Cathedral in London on 9 June 1096 . He may have been a member of the hunting party in the New Forest on 2 August 1100 when Rufus was killed , as he witnessed King Henry I 's coronation charter – now known as the Charter of Liberties – three days later at Winchester , close by the New Forest . Gerard was present at Henry 's coronation that same day , along with Maurice , Bishop of London . Henry was probably crowned by Maurice , but the medieval chronicler Walter Map states that Gerard crowned Henry in return for a promise of the first vacant archbishopric . Gerard may have assisted Maurice in the coronation ceremony . 
 
 = = Archbishop = = 
 
 Gerard became Archbishop of York in December 1100 . No source mentions him being invested by the king , but as Anselm urged Pope Paschal II to give Gerard his pallium , which he would have been unlikely to do if Gerard had been invested by Henry , that possibility seems remote . At Whitsun in 1101 King Henry I , with Anselm 's support , deprived Ranulf Flambard , Bishop of Durham , of the lands of the see of Durham , because Ranulf had defected to Henry 's elder brother Robert Curthose , who also claimed the English throne . Gerard then deposed Ranulf from his bishopric . Soon after his translation to York , Gerard began a long dispute with Anselm , claiming equal primacy with the Archbishop of Canterbury and refusing to make a profession of canonical obedience to Anselm , part of the long Canterbury – York dispute . At the 1102 Council of Westminster , Gerard reportedly kicked over the smaller chair provided for him as Archbishop of York , and refused to be seated until he was provided with one as large as Anselm 's . He travelled to Rome in 1102 to receive his pallium from the pope , to whom he presented the king 's side against Anselm in the controversy surrounding investitures . The pope decided against the king , but Gerard and two other bishops reported that the pope had assured them that the various papal decrees against the lay investiture of bishops would not be enforced . Their claim was denied by Anselm 's representatives and the pope , who excommunicated Gerard until he recanted . 
 Gerard secured papal recognition of York 's metropolitan see for the Scots . He subsequently consecrated Roger as Bishop of Orkney , but refused to consecrate Thurgot to the see of St Andrews because Thurgot would not recognise the primacy of York . Gerard gave generously to the monasteries of his diocese ; the medieval chronicler Hugh the Chantor stated that Thomas II , Gerard 's successor , accused Gerard of having dissipated the diocese 's endowment . King Olaf I of Man and the Isles wrote to " G " , Archbishop of York , asking for the consecration of " our bishop " by York , but it does not appear to have taken place under Gerard or his successor . 
 During the first four years of Henry 's reign Gerard was one of the king 's chief advisors , along with Robert of Meulan , Count of Meulan in Normandy and later Earl of Leicester . Gerard was one of Henry 's greatest supporters among the bishops during the Investiture Crisis . In 1101 Gerard witnessed a treaty between Henry and Robert , the Count of Flanders , which sought as far as possible to distance Robert from any future conflict between Henry and his elder brother Robert Curthose , or between Henry and King Philip I of France . After Gerard 's return from Rome he restored Ranulf Flambard to the see of Durham . In 1102 Anselm refused to consecrate three bishops , two of whom had received investiture from the king ; Gerard offered to consecrate them instead , but all except one refused . From 1105 onwards Gerard slowly began to embrace the papal position on investiture of bishops , which opposed laymen investing bishops with the symbols of episcopal authority . As part of his change of position , Gerard withdrew from court to care for his diocese . Towards the end of 1105 Gerard attempted to join Bohemond of Antioch , who was assembling a crusading force in France , but it appears that King Henry prevented Gerard 's departure . In 1106 Gerard wrote to Bohemond that he was still preparing to go on crusade , but he never did . At about the same time , Gerard was working to find a mutually acceptable resolution to the Investiture Crisis , writing a number of letters and other works supporting Anselm 's and the pope 's position . By 1107 King Henry and Anselm had reached an agreement settling the dispute . 
 Gerard agreed to a compromise on the matter of obedience to Anselm . King Henry proposed that Anselm accept a witnessed oath from Gerard that he would remain bound by the profession he made to Anselm on his consecration as Bishop of Hereford . Gerard made this oath at the Council of Westminster in 1107 . It was a victory for Canterbury , but not a complete one , as Gerard avoided making a written profession , and it was specific to Gerard , not to his office . Gerard continued to oppose Anselm 's attempts to assert Canterbury 's primacy , but the two were reconciled before Gerard 's death . 
 Gerard also had an uneasy relationship with his cathedral chapter , after attempting to reform his cathedral clergy by forcing them to give up their wives and concubines and become ordained priests . He wrote to Anselm in 1103 complaining of the intransigence of his clergy and envying Anselm 's better relations with Canterbury 's chapter , which was composed of monks instead of the secular canons who made up York Minster 's chapter . In this correspondence , Gerard complained that some of the York canons refused to be ordained as priests , thereby hoping to avoid taking the vow of celibacy . He also accused them of accepting prebends but refusing to live or work at the cathedral , and of focusing on a narrow legal definition of celibacy without actually being celibate . The canons ' argument was that they were only required not to maintain women in their own houses , but they were not forbidden to visit or entertain women in houses belonging to others . It was not only Gerard who complained about the relationship between him and his canons ; the latter accused Gerard of impoverishing York by making gifts of lands to others . 
 
 = = Death and legacy = = 
 
 Gerard was an associate of the anonymous author of the Quadripartitus and the Leges Henrici Primi , two 12th @-@ century law books . The medieval chronicler William of Malmesbury charged Gerard with immorality , avarice and the practice of magic . Gerard encouraged at least one of his clergy to study Hebrew , a language not normally studied at the time . Some chroniclers considered his ownership of a Hebrew psalter to be disturbing , seeing it as a sign of heresy or secret Judaism . Among the sins that Malmesbury imputed to him was the study of Julius Firmicus Maternus , a late Roman astrologer , every morning , which to Malmesbury meant that Gerard was a sorcerer . Malmesbury further claimed that Gerard was " lewd and lustful " . In Gerard 's favour , Anselm regarded him as learned and highly intelligent . Some verses composed by Gerard survive in unpublished form , now in the British Library manuscript collection as part of manuscript Cotton Titus D.xxiv. A collection of his letters circulated in the mid @-@ 12th century , part of a bequest made to Bec Abbey in 1164 by Philip de Harcourt , the Bishop of Bayeux , but it is now lost . 
 Gerard died suddenly on 21 May 1108 , at Southwell , on his way to London to attend a council . His body was found in an orchard , next to a book of " curious arts " , his copy of Julius Firmicus . His canons refused to allow his burial within his cathedral , but their hostility probably owed more to Gerard 's attempts to reform their lifestyle than to his alleged interest in sorcery . Gerard was at first buried beside the porch at York Minster , but his successor , Thomas , moved the remains inside the cathedral church . 
 
 
 = Something Borrowed ( Torchwood ) = 
 
 " Something Borrowed " is the ninth episode of the second series of British science fiction television series Torchwood . It was first broadcast by BBC Three on 5 March 2008 and repeated on BBC Two one week later . The episode was written by Phil Ford , directed by Ashley Way and produced by Richard Stokes . The episode featured the five initial series regulars John Barrowman , Eve Myles , Burn Gorman , Naoko Mori and Gareth David Lloyd plus recurring actor Kai Owen in a central role . 
 The episode centers on the marriage of Torchwood employee Gwen Cooper ( Eve Myles ) to her long @-@ term partner Rhys Williams ( Kai Owen ) . The wedding is complicated by Gwen 's sudden impregnation by a shape @-@ shifting alien Nostrovite . Although she resolves to see her wedding through , her nuptials are interrupted by an attack from the biological mother of the alien fetus ( played successively by Collette Brown , Nerys Hughes and John Barrowman ) . With the help of Rhys and Gwen 's Torchwood colleagues the fetus is neutralised and the attacking alien defeated . Gwen and Rhys marry , and their families have their memories of the wedding day wiped . 
 The episode was designed to be the most humorous of Torchwood 's second series and incorporated elements of broad comedy and soap opera style storytelling to the monster of the week story . It was filmed largely on location in South Wales — prominent locations included the tourist attractions Margam Country Park and Dyffryn Gardens — and featured an ensemble of previously unseen Welsh characters . The episode was seen by an aggregated total of 4 @.@ 76 million viewers across its three debut showings in the United Kingdom . Critical response was extremely mixed . Some reviewers praised the inclusion of a less serious episode in the series whilst others felt that the comedy in the episode was too overt and detracted from the overall tone of the show . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 On the night before her wedding , Gwen Cooper ( Eve Myles ) is bitten on the arm by a male shape shifting alien . Her boss , Jack Harkness ( John Barrowman ) kills the alien , and Gwen attends her hen night though is troubled by her wound . She wakes up the next morning heavily pregnant . Jack arrives along with Torchwood 's medic Owen Harper ( Burn Gorman ) to examine Gwen and tries to persuade her to cancel her wedding . Gwen 's fiancee Rhys ( Kai Owen ) also tries to postpone the wedding in Gwen 's interest but Gwen insists that the wedding go ahead as she desires nothing more than to marry him . The sudden pregnancy is explained to Gwen and Rhys ' families as their own child . Gwen 's mother ( Sharon Morgan ) and father ( William Thomas ) are excited at the prospect of a grandchild , but Rhys ' parents suspect Gwen of being pregnant by another man . Torchwood agent Toshiko Sato ( Naoko Mori ) is sent to the wedding venue to keep an eye on Gwen and to deliver a new wedding dress to accommodate her alien pregnancy . 
 At Torchwood 's Cardiff headquarters , Owen determines from an autopsy that the alien that impregnated Gwen is a Nostrovite , a race of carnivorous shape shifters who hunt in pairs and mate for life . He tells Jack that after fertilisation , the female transfers her eggs to the male who plants them in a host body until they are ready to hatch . Later , the female kills the host to release the offspring . At the wedding venue , the female Nostrovite ( Colette Brown ) murders and partly devours wedding guest Mervyn . Toshiko investigates along with Rhys ' best man " Banana Boat " ( Jonathan Lewis Owen ) and they are subsequently captured by the alien , who intends to feed on them later . As Gwen and Rhys prepare to say their wedding vows , Jack runs up the aisle and demands that the wedding be halted . Owen and Ianto ( Gareth David @-@ Lloyd ) free Toshiko but the half @-@ eaten corpse of Mervyn is discovered by his wife , a bridesmaid , who alerts the entire wedding party to the murder . The Nostrovite reveals herself and is chased away by Jack , escaping through a window . 
 Jack questions Owen about Gwen and Rhys , and he states that Rhys ' mother Brenda ( Nerys Hughes ) is with them . Tosh mentions that she saw Brenda with Gwen 's mother Mary in the garden . Tosh and Jack rush to the couple 's room , where Jack identifies Brenda as an alien and calls her an " ugly bitch " . After Brenda protests her innocence and Rhys punches Jack , Gwen states that Rhys ' mother is not the shapeshifter as Brenda wears a distinctive perfume . Torchwood reach the garden to find the Nostrovite , in Brenda 's image , with Mary . The alien holds Mary hostage , demanding that Gwen give her her child . Gwen walks towards them and as the Nostrovite releases Mary , Gwen reveals a hidden gun in her wedding bouquet and fires at the creature . Owen suggests using a piece of alien equipment called the singularity scalpel to destroy the alien fetus . He sends Gwen to her room and teaches Rhys how to use the scalpel ; Owen cannot use it himself due to injuries sustained in his undead state . Gwen is approached by Jack and reveals to him that she would have married Rhys a long time ago if she had not met him . She leans in as he appears to be ready to kiss her but he reveals himself to be the Nostrovite . Owen enters , shooting the creature whilst Gwen exits with Rhys . The Nostrovite , still in Jack 's form , attempts to attack Owen only to be repelled by the fact he is dead . 
 Rhys and Gwen find refuge in a barn and Rhys explains Owen 's plan to remove the fetus . As the Nostrovite launches an assault on the door of the barn , Rhys succeeds in destroying the fetus . The Nostrovite enters , again impersonating Rhys ' mother . She attacks Rhys , who attempts to protect himself with a chainsaw , which malfunctions . Jack arrives and kills the alien with a more powerful gun . He shares a moment of joy with Gwen before praising Rhys ' own display of heroism and telling him that " the hero always gets the girl " . Rhys and Gwen return to the wedding venue and are married . At the wedding reception , they notice the guests all suddenly falling asleep . Jack reveals that he has drugged them all with amnesia pills mixed with sedative so that they will not remember the events of the day . Jack offers Gwen and Rhys Retcon too but Gwen declines as she does not wants any secrets in her marriage to Rhys . As Gwen and Rhys anticipate their honeymoon , Torchwood clear up the mess left behind . Later , Jack enters the Hub alone , and retrieves an old tin box from his office . He looks through photographs from his past , reminiscing , before picking up a picture of himself and an unidentified bride at their wedding . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Conception and writing = = = 
 
 The original working title and given descriptor in the series breakdown for " Something Borrowed " was " The Wedding " . Writer Phil Ford felt the episode to be reminiscent of a soap @-@ opera as well as possessing science fiction elements . He describes the episode as " Coronation Street meets Torchwood " . Ford was chosen to write this episode because of his own involvement as a writer on Coronation Street and executive producer Russell T Davies ' view that this would enable him to handle a wedding with comedic elements . As the most humorous episode of the series it was deliberately scheduled alongside a series of darker episodes to provide a contrast . 
 Describing the tone of the episode Ford describes it as " an all out romp " and an " action , rollercoaster ride " with " a lot of comedy in it as much as thrills and nasty monsters " . Davies stated that " the whole point of the episode is to have a right old laugh " . Expanding on the comedic aspects , something Ford considered whilst writing the episode was that " the trick is to have the comedy come out of the characters " rather than the scenario itself . It was Eve Myles ' idea to have Gwen compulsively eat gherkins after waking up pregnant ; the script had only specified the character drinking a glass of water . The episode also plays on Gwen 's conflicted feelings between Jack and Rhys . Davies felt it would be " irresistible " to have the wedding temporarily halted by " the one man Rhys doesn 't want to see running down the aisle . " Ford stated that whilst Jack is " the series hero " Rhys is " the hero of this episode " . He compares a sequence where Rhys arms himself with a chainsaw to defend Gwen to the character being in " Evil Dead mode " . Producer Richard Stokes commented that the episode illuminated that " even though [ Gwen ] ' s put [ Rhys ] through some really difficult times , she really does love him and want to be with him . " In an early draft of the script Gwen and Rhys had their memories wiped at the end of the episode in addition to the other guests and were convinced by Jack that the wedding had been problem free . 
 
 = = = Casting = = = 
 
 The episode featured an ensemble of family and friends of Gwen and Rhys previously unseen in the series . William Thomas and Sharon Morgan were cast as Gwen 's parents Geraint and Mary Cooper . Davies re @-@ introduced the characters during the fourth series of the show , considering Thomas and Morgan to be " two fine Welsh actors " . Thomas had previously appeared as two different characters in the 1988 Doctor Who serial Remembrance of the Daleks and the 2005 Doctor Who episode " Boom Town " . Upon appearing in " Something Borrowed " he became the first actor to have appeared in all three of the classic series , new series and Torchwood . Nerys Hughes played Rhys ' mother Brenda Williams , in addition to a duplicate form of the alien Nostrovite . Like Thomas she had previously appeared in a Doctor Who serial ( the 1982 story Kinda ) . Hughes enjoyed getting to play a " monster " for the first time in her career which involved having " fangs and claws and red eyes " and being wired up so " all this black blood can ooze out when I get shot " . Despite the funny aspect of the script Hughes took the role seriously stating that " everyone plays it for real " and that " you can 't camp it up " . She believed that as an actor " you 've got to believe what you 're doing " . 
 Kai Owen describes Thomas , Morgan and Hughes collectively with Robin Griffith ( Barry Williams ) as a " good old @-@ fashioned Welsh cast who know what it 's all about " . Jonathan Lewis Owen was cast as Rhys ' best man " Banana Boat " a character referred to sporadically since Torchwood 's first series premiere " Everything Changes " ( 2006 ) . In keeping with the character 's name he was given a pair of banana patterned cuff links to compliment his costume . As a joke , Eve Myles ( who Jonathan Owen had previously worked with in other projects ) left a banana skin on his car on his first day of filming . Collette Brown played " Carrie " , the original human form of the mother Nostrovite . To transform her into the alien creature the actress was required to spend approximately an hour having make @-@ up applied . Brown was surprised at the efficiency of the make @-@ up artists as she had expected the transformation process to take longer . Originally , the human versions of the Nostrovite shapeshifter were intended to be more monstrous but Davies felt it was important that the audience would still be able to recognise the actor underneath once the make up had been applied . 
 
 = = = Filming = = = 
 
 The episode was filmed between October and November 2007 in the sixth production block of the series , alongside " Exit Wounds " . The sequence of Jack , Ianto and Owen leaving for Gwen 's wedding was recorded at Roald Dahl Plass on 25 October 2007 . A number of locations were used for the wedding venue . Producer Richard Stokes notes that " it felt like we were organising a real wedding but one that was being shot in about five different venues " . Director Ashley Way states that in directing the wedding scenes , the production team had to make sure that the colour scheme co @-@ ordinated in regards to aspects like the bridesmaids costumes and the flower patterns . Costume designer Ray Holman experienced difficulty sourcing a maternity wedding dress to accommodate the nine @-@ month baby bump worn by Eve Myles . He remarks that in trying to source three such dresses from bridal shops in Cardiff he was regarded " as if I was the biggest sinner in the world " and ended up designing the dress worn by Gwen himself . 
 The main location shoot for the episode was at Margam Country Park in Margam , Port Talbot in and around a converted Orangery which provided a location for the wedding and reception . Way states that one of the reasons Margam 's Orangery was chosen for the shoot was because of the " fantastic windows " which provided a good visual opportunity in regards to a sequence involving the alien Carrie jumping out of them . However , due to its listed building status the production crew were not able to remove the window glass for filming and had to construct replica windows on separate scaffolding using resin glass . The hotel exteriors and sequences set in the gardens of the wedding venue were filmed at Dyffryn Gardens in St Nicholas , Vale of Glamorgan . The hotel interiors were partly recorded at Court Colman Manor in the village of Pen @-@ y @-@ Fai , Bridgend and partly in studio . The opening sequence of the episode where Gwen pursues the shape @-@ shifter was recorded on 19 November in a men 's public toilet in The Hayes , a shopping area in central Cardiff . 
 The episode featured a large amount of incidental music . During Gwen 's hen night , the club she is in plays the tracks " Filthy / Gorgeous " and " Comfortably Numb " by the Scissor Sisters from their eponymous 2004 album and the single " Hole in the Head " from the Sugababes 2003 album Three . The song heard on Gwen 's radio Alarm Clock when she wakes up heavily pregnant is " Fire in My Heart " from the Welsh rock band Super Furry Animals . At Gwen and Rhys ' wedding reception , the records played include " You Do Something to Me " by Paul Weller and the song " Tainted Love " by Soft Cell . One of the black and white photos of Jack seen at the end of the episode is actually a promotional picture of John Barrowman from his role as Billy Flynn in the musical Chicago . 
 
 = = Broadcast and reception = = 
 
 " Something Borrowed " was first broadcast on the digital channel BBC Three on 5 March 2008 at 9 : 50 pm , straight after the BBC Two broadcast of the preceding episode " A Day in the Death " at 9 : 00 pm . The episode was first broadcast on BBC Two on 12 March at 9 : 00 pm , with a pre @-@ watershed repeat airing on 13 March at 7 : 00 pm . According to consolidated figures the episode was viewed by 0 @.@ 98 million viewers on BBC Three , 2 @.@ 76 million viewers for its 12 March BBC Two showing and 1 @.@ 02 million viewers for the pre @-@ watershed repeat amounting to an aggregated 4 @.@ 76 million viewers across its three initial showings . The episode was also available to watch on the online catch up service BBC iPlayer , where it was the 12th most viewed individual broadcast between 1 January and 31 March 2008 . 
 
 = = = Critical reception = = = 
 
 The episode received critical response ranging from extremely positive to extremely negative . Ben Rawson @-@ Jones of Digital Spy gave the episode five stars out of five , summarising it as an " energetic romp that oozed with body horror that would make David Cronenberg proud " which also " infused a type of family melodrama commonly seen on soaps " . He praised the " stunningly bonkers " plot noting that " every potential dramatic and comedic moment that stemmed from Gwen 's unconventional ' bun in the oven ' scenario was fully maximised " . He felt that in the central role " Eve Myles delivered an outstanding performance as Gwen " and also singled out the guest actors for praise , particularly Nerys Hughes . In an end of series review he listed " Something Borrowed " as his favourite episode of Torchwood 's second series . Writing for The Stage , Mark Wright wrote that " it ’ s good to see Torchwood can get in touch with its lighter side and not lose any momentum " concluding " I think I really might love this show " . Jon Beresford of TV Scoop felt the episode to be one of the strongest of the second series . Whilst he felt it to be " corny " in places he summarised the episode as an " exciting yarn with some really good performances from the team " . He felt that Myles and Owen " stole the show " as Gwen and Rhys believing that " there 's a definite spark between these two that sets their moments apart . " 
 Joan O 'Connell Hedman of Slant Magazine felt the episode to be the strongest of the second series . She praised the " uniformly fantastic " guest cast and the " drop dead gorgeous " exterior and interior locations . She singled out writer Phil Ford for considerable praise feeling that he wrote the episode true to the characters " while filling in backstory we had no way of imagining " and delivered " drama , action , and laughs " . Brad Trechak of AOL TV felt the more comic episode was a welcome respite from darker episodes . He praised the episode for being " light and fluffy yet it furthered things along with regard to the Torchwood universe and its characters " . Reviewing the episode Brigid Cherry of Total Sci @-@ Fi felt that " contrary to expectation – it ’ s hilarious " . She praised the comedy provided from Eve Myles , Gareth David @-@ Lloyd and Nerys Hughes in particular as well as the " terrifying moments that threaten to tip over into gross @-@ out horror @-@ comedy . " She felt overall the " offbeat self @-@ parody " made a welcome change from the show 's more serious episodes and rated it eight out of ten . Den of Geek 's Jack Kibble @-@ White found the episode to be a " surprise series highlight " . 
 However , the episode attracted heavy criticism . In a review titled " Too Much Crying , Not Enough Shagging " io9 's Charlie Jane Anders criticised the episode 's reliance on " cheesy soap opera moments " . Her major criticisms also encompassed the nonsensical aspects of the plot and the depiction of Torchwood as an incompetent team , particularly in allowing Gwen to progress with her wedding in the circumstance of her being pregnant . She felt that the episode had saving graces in a sequence which she felt acted as an homage to films Dead Alive and Evil Dead and the fact it made her believe " that Rhys and Gwen care about each other . " Ian Berriman of SFX magazine wrote that the episode was one of the weakest of the second series and was hampered by " limp gags and thuddingly obvious characterisation " . IGN 's Travis Fickett rated the episode five out of ten and criticised it as " flat out bad television " . He felt the comedic style to be at odds with Torchwood 's science fiction and horror storytelling and criticised some of the character moments as " preposterous " and " insipid " . Airlock Alpha 's Alan Stanley Blair was more mixed stating that the " episode feels like a lot of ideas have been thrown into a pot and mixed with all the Torchwood goodness " . He felt that the episode held together " by luck more than skill " but still " provided a lot of laughs and some wild fun " . Den of Geek 's Andrew Mickel felt that the episode exaggerated and stereotyped the Welsh characters in the overall scenario parodying them collectively as " the Welshest people on television " . He also criticised the focus on Gwen and the ridiculousness of her plan to marry Rhys despite her being pregnant . He felt however , that the episode played out " like a fun episode of Buffy " and that Rhys continued to be " Gwen ’ s one redeeming feature " , praising the scenes between him and his mother . 
 
 
 = Perfect Dark ( 2010 video game ) = 
 
 Perfect Dark is a remastered release of the first @-@ person shooter video game by the same name . Developed by 4J Studios and published by Microsoft Game Studios a decade after the original 's 2000 release , the remaster features several technical improvements , including higher resolution textures and models , a higher frame rate , and a multiplayer mode that supports the Xbox Live online service . It was released for the Xbox 360 video game console in March 2010 , through the Xbox Live Arcade download service . The story of the game follows Joanna Dark , an agent of the Carrington Institute organization , as she attempts to stop a conspiracy by rival corporation dataDyne . 
 Perfect Dark was under development for nearly a year and its game engine was completely re @-@ written from scratch to support several Xbox 360 features . Therefore , although the game plays exactly the same as the original , the code and renderer is different . The game received generally favorable reviews . Some critics considered the relatively unchanged game to be outdated , but most agreed that the title was a solid revival of a classic . As of the end of 2011 , the game had sold nearly 410 @,@ 000 units . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 Perfect Dark is a first @-@ person shooter with elements of stealth games . In the game 's campaign mode , the player controls Joanna Dark through a series of nonlinear levels collected together into missions . Each level requires the player to complete a certain number of objectives , ranging from disguising oneself to hacking computers , collecting objects , and defeating enemies , among others . Players can carry an unlimited number of weapons and almost all of the weapons have two firing modes . The levels in Perfect Dark have no checkpoints , meaning that if Joanna is killed or fails an objective , the player has to start the level from the beginning . Every level can be played on three difficulty settings and several aspects , such as the enemies aggressiveness and the number of objectives that must be completed , among others , can vary in function of the chosen difficulty . Two players can also play the campaign co @-@ operatively or through a " counter @-@ operative " mode , in which one player controls the protagonist , while the other controls enemies throughout the level , attempting to stop the first player from completing objectives . 
 The game also features a multiplayer mode , called Combat Simulator , where various players can compete against each other in different types of deathmatch and objective @-@ based games . Aspects of each game can be highly customized . Features such as the weapons available , the winning condition , and team management can be changed to match player preference . Computer controlled bots , called Simulants , can also be added to the game and each of them can be individually customized , including their appearance , difficulty , and behavior . Players can also issue orders to the Simulants on their respective team ; for example , Guard tells a Simulant to stay in its current location and guard that area . The player can explore the Carrington Institute , which serves as the game 's training ground , and take part in different training activities . The most substantial of these activities is the shooting range , which allows the player to test all the weapons of the game against moving targets . 
 
 = = = Enhancements = = = 
 
 The remaster offers several improvements over the original Perfect Dark that was released for the Nintendo 64 in 2000 . The most remarkable change is that any of the multiplayer modes , including co @-@ operative and counter @-@ operative , can now be played in either splitscreen or through the Xbox Live online service . Combat Simulator matches are still capped at 12 entities , but the game can now comprise eight players online simultaneously , an improvement to the original 's cap of four players and eight Simulants . Players can also play against more than eight Simulants as long as there are enough slots available in a match ; for example , a single player can play against 11 Simulants ; such a feature was not possible in the original game . Unlike the original game , all the multiplayer content is unlocked from the beginning , and weapons from the game 's predecessor , which were originally only available in the missions , are now available to use in multiplayer . The game features an online leaderboard system and players can earn achievements and in @-@ game crowns by accomplishing certain tasks . The game also includes two new control set @-@ ups , entitled " Spartan " and " Duty Calls " , which are based on the popular first @-@ person shooter franchises Halo and Call of Duty respectively . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Perfect Dark is set in the year 2023 against the backdrop of an interstellar war between two races : the Maians , who resemble the stereotypical grey aliens , and the Skedar , reptile @-@ like extraterrestrials who can disguise themselves as humans , bearing similarities to Nordic aliens . On Earth the megacorporation dataDyne has developed in secret Dr. Caroll , the world 's first sentient AI computer . Feeling that dataDyne has betrayed ethical and moral standards , Dr. Caroll contacts the Carrington Institute , an espionage agency founded by Daniel Carrington , with the hope of revealing dataDyne 's sinister dealings . He is recovered by Joanna Dark , the Institute 's top agent , but is later recaptured by dataDyne at Carrington 's private villa . Joanna is then sent to Chicago to once again recover Dr. Caroll and uncover dataDyne 's plan . She learns that dataDyne and their conspirators plan to kidnap the President of the United States in order to get access to a deep sea vessel which will allow the conspirators to steal an alien megaweapon buried on the ocean floor . 
 Meanwhile , Joanna is ordered to rescue a Maian survivor named Elvis from Area 51 who is key in stopping the conspiracy . She succeeds and the pair work together to rescue the president . She learns the conspirators are actually Skedar aliens disguised as Scandinavian humans who intend to test the weapon on the Earth before using it against the Maian homeworld . Without permission from the president , dataDyne elect to hijack the deep sea vessel and take it to the ancient alien spacecraft . With the help of Elvis , Joanna follows where she finds a reprogrammed Dr. Caroll decoding the megaweapon . She replaces its current personality with a backup of the original , and the restored Dr. Carroll sets the weapon to self @-@ destruct in order to protect Earth . In retaliation , the Skedar capture Joanna and take her to their homeworld . Elvis rescues her and she then kills the Skedar High Priest , leaving the Skedar in disarray . The game ends with Elvis and Joanna leaving the Skedar planet just prior to an orbital bombardment from the Maian navy . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 Perfect Dark was ported by 4J Studios , the same studio that previously developed the Xbox Live Arcade versions of Rare 's platform games Banjo @-@ Kazooie and Banjo @-@ Tooie . According to Microsoft Game Studios creative director Ken Lobb , the development team " took the original code , ported it to the Xbox 360 and included deep [ Xbox Live ] integration . " The game was developed over a course of approximately 11 months after the creation of a working prototype . As the Xbox Live functionality had to be written from scratch , the developers opted to completely rewrite the game engine rather than do a port through emulation . As a result , although the game plays exactly the same , the code and renderer is different . The game also runs at 1080p and 60 frames per second . 
 While the original level geometry was kept , the levels received new textures , characters and weapons were recreated , and skyboxes were rebuilt . Lobb explained that " things are large and blocky because that 's what [ Perfect Dark ] looks like " , meaning that the sharper textures and higher resolution simply make the game look clearer . He also observed that , as character and weapon models were remodeled from their original low hundreds polygon count to polygons in the thousands , he was worried about them looking awkward in the low @-@ poly geometry level design . According to him , " it 's one of the areas that I give a lot of credit to the developer on . It just looks right . They were smart about the way they up @-@ resed the models so they still feel like they 're kind of retro , but they 're clean . " 
 Although music and sound effects were kept from the original recording sessions , original master recordings have been used to update the soundtrack at much higher quality ; the original recording size was 16 MB , while in the remaster it is over 250 MB . Developers also decided to retain the free aim mode because they wanted to be faithful to the original game . According to Rare 's Producer Nick Ferguson , " We didn 't change the fundamental behavior of the aiming system simply because that is not how Perfect Dark was played " . He also observed that the idea of updating the controls was actually seen as a flaw in Perfect Dark Zero , which tried to " combine the original Perfect Dark system with aspects of Halo " . The original diagonal running , which allows players to move faster than by running forwards or sideways alone , did not work the first time they implemented the analog stick , so it was manually rewritten as it was considered essential for speedruns and achieving some of the target times required to unlock cheats . 
 
 = = Marketing and release = = 
 
 Perfect Dark was first teased to consumers in April 2009 via a screenshot of a Rare employee 's Xbox 360 dashboard which showed an icon for the game . It was confirmed to be in development on June 2 , 2009 via Xbox Live Director of Programming Larry Hryb 's Twitter account . The game was released on March 17 , 2010 as part of Microsoft 's Xbox Live Block Party promotion . As a cross @-@ promotion with the game Crackdown 2 , users can unlock that game 's protagonist , known simply as Agent 4 , although a Crackdown 2 savegame is required on the Xbox 360 hard drive . A title update was released in April 2010 which addressed bugs , added two control schemes , and expanded playlists . Perfect Dark was downloaded over 150 @,@ 000 times during its first week of release and grossed approximately $ 1 @.@ 61 million at the end of the month . The game has sold more than 285 @,@ 000 units as of August 2010 and nearly 325 @,@ 000 units at the end of 2010 . As of year @-@ end 2011 , sales had increased to nearly 410 @,@ 000 units . In 2015 , the game was released as part of the Rare Replay compilation for Xbox One . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Perfect Dark received generally favorable reviews from critics . Writing for 1UP.com , Scott Sharkey highlighted the technical improvements , stating that the remaster is " a great way to re @-@ enjoy a game you already love " . Daemon Hatfield of IGN noted the game 's outdated dialogue , voice acting , and mission objectives , but nevertheless remarked that the game " wasn 't brought back for the uninitiated -- this is for the fans , and they will be very , very happy . " He also praised the game 's multiplayer mode over Xbox Live and highlighted the selection of weapons , the satisfying gunplay , and leaderboards , noting that they allow players to compare their performance with their friends . 
 Despite the praise , some reviewers criticized the game for its confusing level layouts and felt they have not held up very well over the years . Christian Donlan of Eurogamer stated that Perfect Dark is " not afraid to throw dead ends at you seemingly for the hell of it , or repeat textures so much in its huge maps that you can get a little dizzy . " GameSpot 's Tom Mc Shea noted that the campaign was " oddly paced " , and that " locked doors , unused rooms , and dead ends ... can be disheartening to stumble around in a circle until you finally happen upon the correct door you just couldn 't locate . " Nevertheless , he admitted that " it 's a lot of fun to replay them to try for high scores and figure out the many unique objectives . " He also remarked that that online play can periodically suffer from a significant amount of lag , but praised the amount of content and features . 
 The game 's original Counter @-@ Operative mode was very well received , with Eurogamer remarking that it " still feels ahead of its time even now . " Dan Ryckert of Game Informer stated similar pros , saying that " it 's even better this time around thanks to the framerate improvement . " Although the game 's controls have been upgraded to support two analog sticks , Steven Hopper of GameZone noted that the game still " feels a little different from what modern day shooter fans are used to " , while Eurogamer remarked that the aim assist can be unnecessarily generous on easy difficulties . At the end of March 2010 , IGN named Perfect Dark Xbox Live Arcade Game of the Month . 
 
 
 = First Ostend Raid = 
 
 The First Ostend Raid ( part of Operation ZO ) was the first of two attacks by the Royal Navy on the German @-@ held port of Ostend during the late spring of 1918 during the First World War . Ostend was attacked in conjunction with the neighbouring harbour of Zeebrugge on 23 April in order to block the vital strategic port of Bruges , situated 6 mi ( 5 @.@ 2 nmi ; 9 @.@ 7 km ) inland and ideally sited to conduct raiding operations on the British coastline and shipping lanes . Bruges and its satellite ports were a vital part of the German plans in their war on Allied commerce ( Handelskrieg ) because Bruges was close to the troopship lanes across the English Channel and allowed much quicker access to the Western Approaches for the U @-@ boat fleet than their bases in Germany . 
 The plan of attack was for the British raiding force to sink two obsolete cruisers in the canal mouth at Ostend and three at Zeebrugge , thus preventing raiding ships leaving Bruges . The Ostend canal was the smaller and narrower of the two channels giving access to Bruges and so was considered a secondary target behind the Zeebrugge Raid . Consequently , fewer resources were provided to the force assaulting Ostend . While the attack at Zeebrugge garnered some limited success , the assault on Ostend was a complete failure . The German marines who defended the port had taken careful preparations and drove the British assault ships astray , forcing the abortion of the operation at the final stage . 
 Three weeks after the failure of the operation , a second attack was launched which proved more successful in sinking a blockship at the entrance to the canal but ultimately did not close off Bruges completely . Further plans to attack Ostend came to nothing during the summer of 1918 , and the threat from Bruges would not be finally stopped until the last days of the war , when the town was liberated by Allied land forces . 
 
 = = Bruges = = 
 
 Bruges had been captured by the advancing German divisions during the Race for the Sea and had been rapidly identified as an important strategic asset by the German Navy . Bruges was situated 6 mi ( 5 @.@ 2 nmi ; 9 @.@ 7 km ) inland at the centre of a network of canals which emptied into the sea at the small coastal towns of Zeebrugge and Ostend . This land barrier protected Bruges from bombardment by land or sea by all but the very largest calibre artillery and also secured it against raiding parties from the Royal Navy . Capitalising on the natural advantages of the port , the German Navy constructed extensive training and repair facilities at Bruges , equipped to provide support for several flotillas of destroyers , torpedo boats and U @-@ boats . 
 By 1916 , these raiding forces were causing serious concern in the Admiralty as the proximity of Bruges to the British coast , to the troopship lanes across the English Channel and for the U @-@ boats , to the Western Approaches ; the heaviest shipping lanes in the World at the time . In the late spring of 1915 , Admiral Reginald Bacon had attempted without success to destroy the lock gates at Ostend with monitors . This effort failed , and Bruges became increasingly important in the Atlantic Campaign , which reached its height in 1917 . By early 1918 , the Admiralty was seeking ever more radical solutions to the problems raised by unrestricted submarine warfare , including instructing the " Allied Naval and Marine Forces " department to plan attacks on U @-@ boat bases in Belgium . 
 The " Allied Naval and Marine Forces " was a newly formed department created with the purpose of conducting raids and operations along the coastline of German @-@ held territory . The organisation was able to command extensive resources from both the Royal and French navies and was commanded by Admiral Roger Keyes and his deputy , Commodore Hubert Lynes . Keyes , Lynes and their staff began planning methods of neutralising Bruges in late 1917 and by April 1918 were ready to put their plans into operation . 
 
 = = Planning = = 
 
 To block Bruges , Keyes and Lynes decided to conduct two raids on the ports through which Bruges had access to the sea . Zeebrugge was to be attacked by a large force consisting of three blockships and numerous supporting warships . Ostend was faced by a similar but smaller force under immediate command of Lynes . The plan was for two obsolete cruisers — HMS Sirius and Brilliant — to be expended in blocking the canal which emptied at Ostend . These ships would be stripped to essential fittings and their lower holds and ballast filled with rubble and concrete . This would make them ideal barriers to access if sunk in the correct channel at the correct angle . 
 When the weather was right , the force would cross the English Channel in darkness and attack shortly after midnight to coincide with the Zeebrugge Raid a few miles up the coast . By coordinating their operations , the assault forces would stretch the German defenders and hopefully gain the element of surprise . Covering the Inshore Squadron would be heavy bombardment from an offshore squadron of monitors and destroyers as well as artillery support from Royal Marine artillery near Ypres in Allied @-@ held Flanders . Closer support would be offered by several flotillas of motor launches , small torpedo boats and Coastal Motor Boats which would lay smoke screens to obscure the advancing blockships as well as evacuate the crews of the cruisers after they had blocked the channel . 
 
 = = = British order of battle = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Offshore Squadron = = = = 
 
 Lord Clive @-@ class monitors with 12 in ( 300 mm ) guns : 
 HMS Marshal Soult , Lord Clive , Prince Eugene and General Crauford 
 M15 class monitors with 7 @.@ 5 in ( 190 mm ) guns : 
 HMS M24 , M26 , M21 
 Destroyers : 
 HMS Mentor , Lightfoot and Zubian 
 French Navy Lestin , Roux and Bouclier 
 Light craft : 
 4 torpedo boats , 4 French motor launches 
 
 = = = = Inshore Squadron = = = = 
 
 Blockships : 
 HMS Sirius , Brilliant 
 Destroyers : 
 HMS Swift , Faulknor ( destroyer leader ) , Matchless , Mastiff , Afridi , Tempest , Tetrarch 
 Light craft : 
 18 Motor Launches , 8 Coastal Motor Boats 
 Artillery support was also provided by Royal Marine heavy artillery in Allied @-@ held Flanders . The force was covered in the English Channel by seven light cruisers and 16 destroyers , none of which saw action . 
 
 = = Attack on Ostend = = 
 
 The assaults on Zeebrugge and Ostend were eventually launched on 23 April , after twice being delayed by poor weather . The Ostend force arrived off the port shortly before midnight and made final preparations ; the monitors took up position offshore and the small craft moved forward to begin laying smoke . Covering the approach , the monitors opened fire on German shore defences , including the powerful " Tirpitz " battery , which carried 11 in ( 280 mm ) guns . As a long range artillery duel developed , the cruisers began their advance towards the harbour mouth , searching for the marker buoys which indicated the correct passage through the diverse sandbanks which made navigation difficult along the Belgian coast . 
 It was at this stage that the attack began to go seriously wrong . Strong winds blowing off the land swept the smoke screen into the face of the advancing cruisers , blinding their commanders who attempted to navigate by dead reckoning . The same wind disclosed the Inshore Squadron to the German defenders who immediately opened up a withering fire on the blockships . With their volunteer crews suffering heavy casualties , the commanders increased speed despite the poor visibility and continued groping through the narrow channels inshore , searching for the Stroom Bank buoy which directed shipping into the canal . 
 Commander Alfred Godsal led the assault in HMS Brilliant and it was he who stumbled into the most effective German counter @-@ measure first . As Brilliant staggered through the murk , the lookout spotted the buoy ahead and Godsal headed directly for it , coming under even heavier fire as he did so . Passing the navigation marker at speed , the cruiser was suddenly brought to a halt with a juddering lurch , throwing men to the decks and sticking fast in deep mud well outside the harbour mouth . Before warnings could be relayed to the Sirius following up close behind , she too passed the buoy and her captain Lieutenant @-@ Commander Henry Hardy was shocked to see Brilliant dead ahead . With no time to maneuvere , Sirius ploughed into the port quarter of Brilliant , the blockships settling into the mud in a tangle of wreckage . 
 Artillery and long @-@ range machine gun fire continued to riddle the wrecks and the combined crews were ordered to evacuate as the officers set the scuttling charges which would sink the blockships in their current , useless locations . As men scrambled down the side of the cruisers into Coastal Motor Boats which would relay them to the Offshore Squadron , destroyers moved closer to Ostend to cover the retreat and the monitors continued their heavy fire . Godsal was the last to leave , picked up by launch ML276 commanded by Lieutenant Rowley Bourke . With the main assault a complete failure , the blockading forces returned to Dover and Dunkirk to assess the disaster . 
 When the forces had reassembled and the commanders conferred , the full facts of the failed operation were revealed . The German commander of Ostend had been better prepared than his counterpart at Zeebrugge and had recognised that without the navigation buoy no night attack on Ostend could be successful without a strong familiarity with the port , which none of the British navigators possessed . However , rather than simply remove the buoy , the German commander had ordered it moved 2 @,@ 400 yd ( 2 @,@ 200 m ) east of the canal mouth into the centre of a wide expanse of sandbanks , acting as a fatal decoy for any assault force . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 The assault at Zeebrugge a few miles away from Ostend was more successful and the blocking of the major channel did cause some consternation amongst the German forces in Bruges . The larger raiders could no longer leave the port , but smaller ships , including most submarines , were still able to traverse via Ostend . In addition , within hours a narrow channel had also been carved through Zeebrugge too , although British intelligence did not realise this for several weeks . The defeat at Ostend did not entirely dampen the exuberant British media and public reaction to Zeebrugge , but in the Admiralty and particularly in the Allied Naval and Marine Forces the failure to completely neutralise Bruges rankled . 
 A second operation was planned for 10 May using the cruiser HMS Vindictive and proved more successful , but ultimately it also failed to completely close off Bruges . A third planned operation was never conducted as it rapidly became clear that the new channel carved at Zeebrugge was enough to allow access for U @-@ boats , thus calling for an even larger double assault , which would stretch the resources of the " Allied Naval and Marine Forces " too far . British losses in the three futile attempts to close Bruges cost over 600 casualties and the loss of several ships but Bruges would remain an active raiding base for the German Navy until October 1918 . 
 
 
 = Joyful , Joyful = 
 
 " Joyful , Joyful " is a song by contemporary Christian music band Casting Crowns from their fourth studio album Until the Whole World Hears ( 2009 ) . Written by Mark Hall and Bernie Herms and produced by Mark A. Miller , the song is a re @-@ interpretation of the hymn " Joyful , Joyful We Adore Thee " and Ludwig van Beethoven 's Symphony No. 9 . " Joyful , Joyful " , a CCM and alternative CCM song , is driven by a string section that has been compared to Coldplay 's song " Viva la Vida " . It received positive reviews from music critics and received airplay over the 2010 Christmas season , peaking at number three on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart . 
 
 = = Background and recording = = 
 
 " Joyful , Joyful " , is a rearrangement of the hymn " Joyful , Joyful We Adore Thee " ( itself a re @-@ arrangement of a theme from Beethoven ) . Hall felt that there are many Christian songs that have been around and sung so long that the meaning behind them is lost ; he commented that " you hear them so many times you don 't really hear what they 're saying anymore " , listing the original version of " Joyful , Joyful We Adore Thee " as an example . 
 Although the song is a re @-@ interpretation of " Joyful , Joyful We Adore Thee " , Mark Hall and Bernie Herms are credited with writing the song . It was produced by Mark A. Miller and recorded by Sam Hewitt , Michael Hewitt , and Dale Oliver at Zoo Studio in Franklin , Tennessee ; the string instrument tracks were recorded by John Painter and Leslie Richter at Ocean Way in Nashville , Tennessee . Digital editing was handled by Michael Hewitt , while mixing was handled by Sam Hewitt . The song was mastered by Andrew Mendelson , Shelly Anderson , Natthaphol Abhigantaphand and Daniel Bacigalupi at Georgetown Masters in Nashville . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 " Joyful , Joyful " is a song with a length of four minutes and twenty @-@ eight seconds . According to the sheet music published by Musicnotes.com , " Joyful , Joyful " is a CCM and alternative CCM set in common time in the key of F major with a tempo of 120 beats per minute . Mark Hall 's vocal range in the song spans from the low note of B ♭ 3 to the high note of F5 . The song has regarded as a re @-@ invention of " Joyful , Joyful We Adore Thee " and Beethoven 's Symphony No. 9 , the song alters the format of the former , rearranging the song 's overall structure while adding a chorus . " Joyful , Joyful " is led by a " driving " and " pulsing " string section that has been compared to Coldplay 's " Viva la Vida " . Mark Hall felt that the band 's arrangement brought out the message of one of the song 's final verses ( " God our Father / Christ our brother / all who live in love are thine / teach us how to love each other / and fill us to the joy divine " ) ; Hall described the message by saying " God 's our father and Christ 's our brother , we have this connection with God . But if we can 't love each other , the joy isn 't completed . Its not real joy yet until we know how to love the people that are around us " . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Critical response = = = 
 
 " Joyful , Joyful " received positive reviews from music critics . Andrew Greer of CCM Magazine praised the song as a " fitting ode " to Beethoven 's Symphony No. 9 . Roger Ham of Christianity Today praised it as one of the best songs off of Until the Whole World Hears . Tony Cummings of Cross Rhythms praised the song as having " the same kind of string arrangement which made Coldplay 's ' Viva La Vida ' so enjoyable " . Debra Akins of Gospel Music Channel regarded the song as a highlight of the album . Roger Gelwicks of Jesus Freak Hideout , while describing the song as " interesting " , felt that it wasn 't much of an improvement over the rest of the album . 
 
 = = = Chart performance = = = 
 
 " Joyful , Joyful " received airplay over the 2010 Christmas season , debuting at number forty @-@ two on the Billboard Hot Christian Songs chart for the chart week of December 11 , 2010 . In its fifth week on the chart , the chart week of January 8 , 2011 , it reached its peak position of number three . 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits lifted from the album liner notes for Until the Whole World Hears . 
 Recording 
 Recorded Zoo Studio in Franklin , Tennessee . 
 Strings recorded at Ocean Way in Nashville , Tennessee . 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 
 = Hurricane Dot ( 1959 ) = 
 
 Hurricane Dot of August 1959 was at its time the costliest tropical cyclone in Hawaiian history . Dot was first identified as a strong tropical storm southeast of Hawaiʻi on August 1 . The storm was potentially a continuation of a previously unnamed tropical cyclone that was monitored west of the Baja California Peninsula from July 24 @-@ 27 , but was never confirmed due to a lack of ship reports . Dot was quick to intensify , reaching hurricane intensity six hours after naming . By August 3 , Dot reached its peak intensity , with maximum sustained winds reaching 150 mph ( 240 km / h ) . Intensity leveled off afterwards as Dot tracked westward before making a curve towards the northwest on August 5 , after which the hurricane weakened at a faster clip . Dot made landfall the next day on Kauai as a minimal hurricane before dissipating west of the Hawaiian Islands on August 8 . 
 Dot produced heavy rainfall and gusty winds as it passed south of the Big Island , Lanai , Maui , Molokai , and Oahu , resulting in minor damage . In Oahu , some homes along the coast were unroofed , and damage from wave action was also reported . Damage from these four islands totaled US $ 150 @,@ 000 , and two indirect deaths occurred in Lanai . Extensive damage occurred on Kauai as Dot made landfall , producing wind gusts as high as 103 mph ( 166 km / h ) and toppling trees and power lines . Widespread power outages affected the island , causing telecommunications and water systems to fail . Although infrastructure was damaged to an extent by floodwater and strong winds , crops suffered the most losses . Cane sugar crops sustained US $ 2 @.@ 7 million in losses . Overall , damage from Dot across Hawaii totaled US $ 6 million , and a disaster area declaration and state of emergency took effect for the archipelago after the hurricane 's passage . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 On July 24 , the SS Pacificus encountered a storm with maximum sustained winds meeting the threshold of tropical storm status roughly 1 @,@ 000 mi ( 1 @,@ 600 km ) west of the Baja California Peninsula . Despite reports that the location of the system remained vague , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) began issuing tropical cyclone advisories and warnings on the unnamed disturbance . Tracking west @-@ northwestward , the tropical storm peaked with winds reported at 65 mph ( 105 km / h ) shortly after its discovery ; however , the JTWC discontinued its monitoring of the cyclone on July 27 due to a lack of ship reports confirming the location of the tropical storm . 
 At 1800 UTC on August 1 , an unidentified ship roughly 950 mi ( 1 @,@ 550 km ) southeast of Hilo , Hawaii reported 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) winds within a storm , prompting the JTWC to initiate advisories on Tropical Storm Dot . Despite an apparent correlation between Dot and the preceding unnamed tropical cyclone , the lack of ship reports between July 27 and August 1 prevented the agency from confirming that the two systems were the same . Nonetheless , development upon designation was rapid as the system tracked westward , with reports from the SS Sonoma indicating that Dot had intensified to hurricane strength by August 2 . Rapid intensification continued , and at 0000 UTC on August 3 , reconnaissance aircraft found winds of 150 mph ( 240 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 952 mbar ( hPa ; 28 @.@ 11 inHg ) , making Dot a Category 4 hurricane on the modern @-@ day Saffir – Simpson hurricane wind scale . Later analysis indicated that these figures constituted the hurricane 's peak intensity . 
 After peaking , Dot slightly weakened , but maintained its Category 4 status for more than two days ; during that time it boasted an unusually large eye spanning as much as 40 mi ( 65 km ) in diameter . Late on August 4 , a fourth reconnaissance flight into the storm found surface winds of 160 mph ( 260 km / h ) , but this reading was discounted on the basis that pressures were unusually high for a storm of that intensity . On August 5 , Dot passed 90 mi ( 145 km ) south of Ka Lae before the storm curved sharply towards the northwest late that day . A more definite weakening phase began after this point , and during the night of August 6 , Dot made landfall on Kauai with winds estimated at 85 mph ( 140 km / h ) , making the storm a Category 1 @-@ equivalent at the time of landfall . After traversing the island , Dot was downgraded to tropical storm intensity and curved back to the west before eventually dissipating on August 8 . 
 
 = = Preparations , impact , and aftermath = = 
 
 On August 3 , the United States Weather Bureau issued a hurricane watch for coastal areas of the Big Island in Kau and Puna districts . As Dot swept by the Hawaiian islands , various gale warnings and small craft warnings shifted westward to reflect the hurricane 's predicted path . Due to the storm 's sudden northward shift in movement , hurricane warnings were issued for portions of Oahu and the Kauai channel before being issued for only the island of Kauai . All watches and warnings were discontinued on August 7 after Dot weakened below hurricane intensity . Disaster workers in Oahu and Kauai were warned by civil defense agencies and the American Red Cross to prepare for emergency . Roughly 400 people fled from the beaches of Kauai due to the threat of storm surge , with an additional 500 people being evacuated by authorities as the storm neared the island . After the storm caused flooding in Kauai , nearly 1 @,@ 000 people evacuated out of submerged areas into schools , armories , and public facilities repurposed as emergency shelters . 
 Passing well to the south of the Big Island , Lanai , Maui , Molokai , and Oahu , damage from Dot on these islands was minor . Rainfall on the Big Island peaking at 4 in ( 100 mm ) caused localized flooding in some areas , while wave damage occurred at Ka Lae and along the island 's Kona coast . Winds at a station on Ka Lae reached 85 mph ( 140 km / h ) . Flooding also occurred on Oahu , and along the coast homes were unroofed and cars were damaged by flying projectiles after being subjected to winds estimated at 60 mph ( 95 km / h ) . Off of Lanai , a tugboat captain was indirectly killed after he slipped between two boats in rough seas while attempting to board another ship , crushing him . Another indirect death occurred on Lanai in a traffic incident resulting from Dot 's rainfall . Damage on the Hawaiian islands outside of Kauai was estimated at $ 150 @,@ 000 . 
 Rough surf along the coasts of Kauai combined with torrential rainfall to produce widespread coastal flooding . Waves at Port Allen peaked at 35 ft ( 10 @.@ 7 m ) . Pineapple plantations were inundated , with losses exceeding US $ 200 @,@ 000 . Infrastructure damage as a result of wave action was spotty but nonetheless amounted to US $ 100 @,@ 000 . The August 1959 rainfall total in Lihue , largely attributed to Dot , measured 8 @.@ 13 in ( 207 mm ) , 6 in ( 150 mm ) in excess of normal . The heavy rainfall caused rivers and streams to swell and inundate adjacent areas . Despite making landfall as a weak Category 1 hurricane , Dot brought damaging winds inland , with a maximum wind gust of 103 mph ( 166 km / h ) reported at Kilauea Light . However , gusts as high as 125 mph ( 200 km / h ) were estimated given the snapping of palm trees . Strong winds damaged hundreds of buildings in the areas of Kilauea , Lihue , and Lawai , Hawaii . Extensive losses resulted from the damaging and toppling of macadamia trees . However , of the crops on Kauai , cane suffered the greatest impact with damage figures reaching US $ 2 @.@ 7 million . The toppling of power lines caused power outages across the island ; fallen lines also blocked roads . Water supply to some communities failed due to the lack of electricity . With the exception of emergency radio transmitters , telecommunications on Kauai failed . The damage toll from Dot for the entirety of Hawaiʻi totaled US $ 6 million , making the hurricane the costliest in Hawaiian history before it was surpassed by hurricanes Iwa , Iniki and Iselle in 1982 , 1992 and 2014 , respectively . Adjusted for inflation , Dot 's damage figure nears US $ 50 million . 
 Due to the damage wrought by Dot on Kauai , the island was declared a major disaster area . Stepping in for governor William F. Quinn , Hawaiian secretary Edward E. Johnston declared a state of emergency for Hawaii and allocated funds towards the repairing of roads and public property . The United States Weather Bureau awarded the SS Sonoma a public service award on October 7 , 1959 for serving as reconnaissance for Hurricane Dot throughout its existence . 
 
 
 = Jacob deGrom = 
 
 Jacob Anthony deGrom ( born June 19 , 1988 ) , is an American professional baseball pitcher for the New York Mets of Major League Baseball ( MLB ) . Prior to playing professionally , deGrom attended Stetson University and played college baseball for the Stetson Hatters . 
 DeGrom began playing baseball as a shortstop and was converted into a pitcher during his junior year at Stetson . The Mets selected him in the ninth round of the 2010 MLB Draft , and he made his MLB debut with the Mets on May 15 , 2014 . That year , deGrom was named the National League 's ( NL ) Rookie of the Month twice , and the NL Rookie of the Year . In 2015 , deGrom was selected as an MLB All @-@ Star . 
 
 = = Amateur career = = 
 
 DeGrom attended Calvary Christian Academy in Ormond Beach , Florida , where he played for the school 's baseball and basketball teams . As a senior , the Florida Sports Writers Association named deGrom to the All @-@ Florida second team . He also played American Legion baseball , where he was noticed by the coaches for the Stetson Hatters , the college baseball team of Stetson University . 
 DeGrom was not selected in the Major League Baseball ( MLB ) Draft out of high school . He enrolled at Stetson University and joined their baseball team where he played exclusively as a shortstop during his freshman and sophomore seasons . Though he was considered a good fielder with a strong throwing arm , deGrom was a light hitter , with a career .263 batting average . He made his first appearance as a pitcher in May 2009 . In the summer of 2009 , between his sophomore and junior years , deGrom received an invitation to play collegiate summer baseball for the DeLand Suns of the Florida Collegiate Summer League , which he declined after discovering that they wanted him to play as a pitcher . 
 When deGrom returned to Stetson that fall , the team used him as a relief pitcher , filling the role of their closer , in addition to playing shortstop . He quickly became one of Stetson 's best pitchers , so the team moved deGrom into their starting rotation midway through the season . In addition to a fastball , deGrom learned to throw a changeup and a slider . MLB scouts began to take notice of deGrom when he pitched against Chris Sale of Florida Gulf Coast University . In that game , deGrom hit his only home run of the season . He made 12 starts for the Hatters , pitching to a 4 – 5 win – loss record with a 4 @.@ 48 earned run average . 
 
 = = Professional career = = 
 
 
 = = = Minor League Baseball = = = 
 
 The New York Mets selected deGrom in the ninth round as a pitcher , with the 272nd overall selection , of the 2010 MLB Draft . He signed with the Mets , receiving a $ 95 @,@ 000 signing bonus . The Mets assigned deGrom to the Kingsport Mets of the Rookie @-@ level Appalachian League , where he made six starts before he was diagnosed with a partial tear of the ulnar collateral ligament ( UCL ) in his pitching elbow . He attempted to rehabilitate his arm for four months , but underwent Tommy John surgery to repair the UCL in October . He did not pitch in 2011 while he recovered from the surgery . While rehabilitating , deGrom worked on his changeup with Johan Santana . 
 DeGrom pitched for the Savannah Sand Gnats of the Class A South Atlantic League and the St. Lucie Mets of the Class A @-@ Advanced Florida State League in 2012 , finishing the year with a 2 @.@ 43 ERA in 19 games started . In 2013 , he began the season with St. Lucie , but was promoted to the Binghamton Mets of the Class AA Eastern League after two starts due to injuries to Binghamton 's Luis Mateo and Cory Mazzoni . He received a promotion to the Las Vegas 51s of the Class AAA Pacific Coast League in June after the Mets promoted Zack Wheeler and Carlos Torres to the major leagues and traded Collin McHugh . He had a combined 4 @.@ 51 ERA for the season , due to a broken finger suffered during the offseason , which altered the way he threw the ball . 
 The Mets added deGrom to their 40 @-@ man roster on November 20 , 2013 , to protect him from being eligible in the Rule 5 draft . During the offseason , deGrom improved his mechanics , and learned to throw a curveball . He began the 2014 season with Las Vegas , and had a 4 – 0 win – loss record and a 2 @.@ 58 ERA in his first seven games started . 
 
 = = = Major League Baseball = = = 
 
 
 = = = = 2014 = = = = 
 
 The Mets promoted deGrom to the major leagues on May 12 , 2014 , after Gonzalez Germen was placed on the disabled list . The Mets planned to use deGrom in relief , but an injury to Dillon Gee required the Mets to insert him into their starting rotation . DeGrom made his major league debut on May 15 against cross @-@ town rival New York Yankees in Citi Field . He faced fellow rookie Chase Whitley , also making his MLB debut . He pitched seven innings , allowing only one run and striking out six , but the Yankees shut out the Mets and won 1 – 0 . DeGrom also collected his first MLB hit in the game in his first career at bat . It was the first hit by a Mets pitcher in the 2014 season ending an 0 @-@ for @-@ 64 hitless streak , the worst collective mark by a pitching staff to begin a season in MLB history . 
 DeGrom compiled four quality starts in his first four MLB starts , but did not record a win in any of them . On July 8 , deGrom pitched seven scoreless innings and recorded 11 strikeouts in giving the Mets their 4,000th franchise victory . Along with Steve Cishek of the Miami Marlins , deGrom was named the National League 's ( NL ) Co @-@ Player of the Week for the period of July 21 to July 27 after allowing only one earned run in two starts that week . He was named the NL Rookie of the Month for July . On August 11 , deGrom went on the disabled list with rotator cuff tendinitis . Rafael Montero was called up on August 12 in deGrom 's place . On August 23 , Montero was re @-@ sent back to the 51s to make room for deGrom coming off the disabled list . 
 On September 15 , 2014 , deGrom faced the Marlins and struck out his first eight batters , tying the MLB record . Near the end of the season , deGrom was shut down for the year , ending his season with a 9 – 6 record , a 2 @.@ 69 ERA and 144 strikeouts . DeGrom won the 2014 Sporting News NL Rookie of the Year Award and was named the NL Rookie of the Year by the Baseball Writers ' Association of America , ( the first by a Met since Dwight Gooden in 1984 ) receiving first place votes on 26 of the 30 ballots . 
 
 = = = = 2015 = = = = 
 
 DeGrom and Clayton Kershaw of the Los Angeles Dodgers were selected as NL Co @-@ Players of the Week for the week ending June 7 , 2015 . He began the 2015 season with a 8 – 6 win @-@ loss record and a 2 @.@ 30 ERA through the end of June , and was named to the NL roster in the 2015 MLB All @-@ Star Game . During the All @-@ Star Game , deGrom struck out the three batters he faced on ten pitches , becoming the first person to do so since pitch counts were recorded . DeGrom pitched to a 14 – 8 record with a 2 @.@ 54 ERA and a 0 @.@ 99 walks plus hits per inning pitched ratio during the 2015 season . 
 Starting Game 1 of the 2015 NLDS , he allowed no runs and five hits over seven innings pitched and tied a Mets franchise postseason record with 13 strikeouts ( set by Tom Seaver , Game 1 of the 1973 NLCS ) . DeGrom won the deciding Game 5 with a six @-@ inning , two @-@ run effort . In Game 3 of the 2015 NLCS against the Chicago Cubs , deGrom pitched seven @-@ inning game , allowing just two runs on four hits , one walk and seven strikeouts , putting the Mets ahead 3 – 0 and within one game of their first World Series appearance since the 2000 Subway Series . DeGrom started Game 2 of the 2015 World Series on October 28 ; he allowed four runs on six hits and three walks over five innings and took the loss as the Royals went up , 2 – 0 , in the series . 
 Following the season , deGrom received a Wilson Defensive Player of the Year Award as the best defensive player statistically at his position in Major League Baseball . 
 
 = = = = 2016 = = = = 
 
 Not yet eligible for salary arbitration , the Mets renewed deGrom 's contract for the 2016 season with a $ 607 @,@ 000 salary , a raise from the $ 556 @,@ 875 they paid him for the previous season . DeGrom refused to sign the contract in protest , but stated that he was open to negotiating a contract extension . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 DeGrom is from DeLeon Springs , Florida . He was raised by his parents , Tony , an AT & T lineman , and Tammy , a customer service representative for a credit card rewards program . Tony built a batting cage in the backyard for his son to practice . He credits his father for his quiet intensity and humility . He has two sisters , Sarah and Jessica . 
 DeGrom met his wife , Stacey , shortly after high school . They were married in November 2014 , and live in DeLand , Florida . They have a Morkie , and welcomed their first son in April 2016 . 
 DeGrom is known for his long hair , which he began to grow out while at Stetson . His starts with the Mets led to the trending hashtag on Twitter of " # hairwego " . 
 
 
 = Battle of Merville Gun Battery = 
 
 The Battle of Merville Gun Battery occurred on 6 June 1944 , as part of Operation Tonga , part of the Normandy landings , during the Second World War . Allied intelligence believed the Merville Gun Battery was composed of heavy @-@ calibre guns that could threaten the British landings at Sword Beach , only 8 miles ( 13 km ) away . 
 The 9th Parachute Battalion , part of the 3rd Parachute Brigade attached to 6th Airborne Division , was given the objective of destroying the battery . However , when the battalion arrived over Normandy , their parachute descent was dispersed over a large area , so instead of over 600 men , only 150 with no heavy weapons or equipment arrived at the battalion assembly point . Regardless , they pressed home their attack and succeeded in capturing the battery , only to discover that the guns were of a lower caliber than expected [ Czech @-@ manufacture 100mm ] . However , these still had the range ( over 8000 metres ) to hit targets on Sword Beach and in Ouistreham . Using what explosives they had been able to recover , the surviving 75 men tried to disable the guns . 
 When the British paratroopers had withdrawn , two of the guns were put back into action by the Germans . Another attack the next day by British Commandos failed to recapture the battery , which remained under German control until 17 August , when the German Army started to withdraw from the area . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 On 6 June 1944 , the British 6th Airborne Division was given the task of securing the left flank of the Allied seaborne landings . One of their objectives was the destruction of the Merville Gun Battery . Allied planners had judged from the size of the concrete gun emplacements that the guns must be around 150 mm in calibre . If so , the guns would have a range of about 8 miles ( 13 km ) and could threaten Sword Beach , to the west of Ouistreham , where the 3rd British Infantry Division were due to land later that day . 
 
 = = = British forces = = = 
 
 The unit assigned to destroy the battery was the 9th Parachute Battalion , part of the 3rd Parachute Brigade , commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Terence Otway . The battalion 's normal complement of 600 men was supported by a section of sappers from the Royal Engineers , eight Airspeed Horsa glider loads transporting Jeeps and trailers , and stores including explosives , an anti @-@ tank gun and flamethrowers . Three of the gliders , transporting 50 volunteers , were to carry out a coup de main landing onto the position to coincide with the ground assault . In April 1944 , the force was taken to Walbury Hill in Berkshire , where over seven days the Royal Engineers had built a full @-@ scale replica of the battery , including obstacles and barbed wire fences . The following five days were spent holding briefings and getting acquainted with the layout of the battery . They carried out nine practice assaults , four of them at night . Due to the nature of the mission , the battalion was given additional medical support from No. 3 Section 224th ( Parachute ) Field Ambulance . Another unit that would be present during the attack but not directly involved was A Company of the 1st Canadian Parachute Battalion . This company was tasked to provide covering fire for the 9th Battalion 's approach to and withdrawal from the battery . The assault had to be completed and the battalion clear of the position by 05 : 00 , when the Royal Navy cruiser HMS Arethusa would open fire on the battery in an attempt to destroy it with naval gunfire . 
 
 = = = Battery = = = 
 
 The Merville Battery was composed of four 6 @-@ foot @-@ thick ( 1 @.@ 8 m ) steel @-@ reinforced concrete gun casemates , built by the Todt Organisation . Each was designed to protect First World War @-@ vintage Czech M.14 / 19 100 mm guns . Other buildings on the site included a command bunker , a building to accommodate the men , and ammunition magazines . During a visit on 6 March 1944 , to inspect the defences , Field Marshal Erwin Rommel ordered the builders to work faster , and by May 1944 , the last two casemates were completed . 
 The battery was defended by a 20 mm anti @-@ aircraft gun and several machine guns in 15 gun positions , all enclosed in an area 700 by 500 yards ( 640 by 460 m ) surrounded by two barbed wire obstacles 15 feet ( 4 @.@ 6 m ) thick by 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 5 m ) high , which also acted as the exterior border for a 100 @-@ yard @-@ deep ( 91 m ) minefield . Another obstacle was an anti @-@ tank ditch covering any approach from the nearby coast . The original commander of the battery , Hauptmann Wolter , was killed during a Royal Air Force bombing raid on 19 May 1944 . He was replaced by Oberleutnant Raimund Steiner , who commanded 50 engineers and 80 artillerymen from the 1st Battery , Artillery Regiment 1716 , part of the 716th Static Infantry Division . 
 The battery had a complement of some one hundred men in all . These were chiefly gunnery crews , of course , such as my team , but also included staff officers and their assistants , medical , cooks , observation teams , maintenance teams and guards with side arms . It was intended that the battery could remain under siege for up to three months , with sufficient rations and generator fuel kept on site for this event ; the water supply came from an aquifer and could not be interrupted . It was a remarkable structure , and it featured prominently in propaganda of the time … 
 
 = = Assault = = 
 
 Just after midnight on 6 June , the 9th Parachute Battalion 's advance party landed with the brigade 's pathfinders , and reached the battalion assembly area without any problems . While some men remained to mark out the company positions , the battalion 's second in command , Major George Smith , and a reconnaissance party left to scout the battery . At the same time , Royal Air Force Lancaster bombers started their bombing run , which completely missed the battery , their bombs landing further to the south . The pathfinders in the meantime were having problems . Those who had arrived at the correct drop zone found their Eureka beacons had been damaged when they landed , and in the smoke and debris left over from the bombing , their marker lights could not be seen by the pilots of the transport aircraft . The main body of the 9th Parachute Battalion and their gliders were to land at drop zone ' V ' , located between the battery and Varaville from 01 : 00 . However , the battalion was scattered , with a number of paratroopers landing a considerable distance from the designated drop zone . Lieutenant Colonel Otway landed with the rest of his " stick " 400 yards ( 370 m ) away from the drop zone at a farmhouse being used as a command post by a German battalion ; after a brief fire @-@ fight , they helped other scattered paratroopers , and reached the drop zone at 01 : 30 . By 02 : 50 , only 150 men had arrived at the battalion 's assembly point with 20 Bangalore torpedoes and a machine gun . The mortars , anti @-@ tank gun , mine detectors , jeeps , sappers and field ambulance section were all missing . 
 Aware of the time constraints , Otway decided he could wait no longer , and the reduced battalion headed for the battery and joined up with Major Smith 's reconnaissance party just outside the village of Gonneville en Auge . The reconnaissance party had cut a way through the barbed wire , and marked four routes through the minefield . Otway divided his men into four assault groups , and settled down to await the arrival of the three gliders . 
 In England , one of the gliders never left the ground , as its tow rope had snapped on taxiing . The other two gliders , unable to locate the battery , did not land where expected . On their run in , both gliders were hit by anti @-@ aircraft fire . One landed around 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) away , the other at the edge of the minefield . The troops from this glider became involved in a fire fight with German troops heading to reinforce the battery garrison . 
 Otway launched the assault as soon as the first glider overshot the battery , ordering the explosives to be detonated to form two paths through the outer perimeter through which the paratroopers attacked . The defenders were alerted by the explosions , and opened fire , inflicting heavy casualties ; only four attackers survived to reach Casemate Four , which they disabled by firing into apertures and throwing grenades into air vents . The other casemates were cleared with fragmentation and white phosphorus grenades , as the crews had neglected to lock the doors leading into the battery . During the bombing raid , the battery 's guns had been moved inside the casemates and the steel doors left open for ventilation . During the battle , 22 Germans were killed and a similar number made prisoners of war . The rest of the garrison escaped undetected by hiding in the underground bunkers . 
 Steiner was not present during the bombing , but at a command bunker in Franceville @-@ Plage . After the raid , he set out for the battery , but was unable to gain entry due to the volume of fire from the British paratroopers . At the same time , a reconnaissance patrol from an army Flak unit with a half @-@ track mounting a large anti @-@ aircraft gun arrived . The crew had intended to seek cover at the position , but instead used the gun to engage the paratroopers . 
 With the battery in their hands , but no sappers or explosives , the British gathered together what plastic explosives they had been issued for use with their Gammon bombs to try to destroy the guns . By this time , Steiner had returned to Franceville @-@ Plage , and directed his regiment 's 2nd and 3rd Batteries to fire onto the Merville Battery . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 Just before 05 : 00 , the battalion 's survivors , just 75 men of the 150 who had set out , left the battery and headed for their secondary objective , the village of La Plein . The battalion , being too weak , only managed to liberate around half of the village , and had to await the arrival of the 1st Commando Brigade later in the day to complete its capture . 
 After the British had withdrawn , the Germans reoccupied the battery position . Steiner was unable to see Sword Beach from his command bunker , so even though he was able to get two of his guns back in action , he was unable to direct accurate fire onto the landings . However , observers with the 736th Infantry Regiment , holding out at La Brèche , were able to direct his guns until that position was neutralised . 
 On 7 June , the battery was assaulted again by two troops of commandos from No. 3 Commando , part of the 1st Special Service Brigade . The attack in daylight was repulsed with heavy losses to the commandos . As they withdrew , they were engaged by the battery 's guns firing over open sights . The British never succeeded in completely destroying the battery , and it remained under German control until 17 August , when the German Army started to withdraw from France . 
 
 
 = St Caffo 's Church , Llangaffo = 
 
 St Caffo 's Church , Llangaffo is a 19th @-@ century church , in the south of Anglesey , north Wales , about 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) from the county town , Llangefni . It was constructed in 1846 to replace the previous medieval church in the village of Llangaffo . The new building includes a number of monuments from the old church , and has a spire which is a prominent local landmark . The churchyard has part of a stone cross dating from the 9th or 10th century , and some gravestones from the 9th to 11th centuries . It is dedicated to St Caffo , a 6th @-@ century martyr who was killed in the vicinity . 
 The church is still in use as part of the Church in Wales , one of four churches in a combined parish . It is a Grade II listed building , a designation given to " buildings of special interest , which warrant every effort being made to preserve them " , in particular because it is regarded as " a mid 19th @-@ century rural church , consistently articulated and detailed in an Early English style " . 
 
 = = History and location = = 
 
 The date of first construction of a church in Llangaffo ( a village in Anglesey about 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) south of the county town of Llangefni ) is uncertain . The village takes its name from the church : the Welsh word llan originally meant " enclosure " and then " church " , and " -gaffo " is a modified form of the saint 's name . St Caffo , a 6th @-@ century Christian , was a companion of St Cybi and was martyred by shepherds in the vicinity of what is now Llangaffo , perhaps in revenge for his brother Gildas insulting Maelgwn Gwynedd , the local ruler . It is thought that there may have at one point been a monastery in this location , known as " Merthyr Caffo " : merthyr is the Welsh word for " martyr " , and in place names means a building erected near a saint 's grave . 
 The present building , which is in the north @-@ eastern part of the village on the south @-@ eastern side of the B4419 road , was erected in 1846 alongside the churchyard to a design by the Sheffield @-@ based architects Weightman and Hadfield . It replaced an older church , which had stood on an adjoining outcrop of rock until it was demolished . It was described by the clergyman and antiquarian Harry Longueville Jones ( writing in 1846 , as the new church was being constructed ) as a " very small and unimportant edifice " ; he also noted that it was the only medieval building remaining in the parish . 
 The 19th @-@ century church is still in use and belongs to the Church in Wales . It is one of four churches in the combined benefice of Llanfihangel Ysgeifiog ( St Michael 's Church , Gaerwen ) with Llangristiolus ( St Cristiolus 's Church ) with Llanffinan ( St Ffinan 's Church ) with Llangaffo . It is within the deanery of Malltraeth , the archdeaconry of Bangor and the Diocese of Bangor . As of 2012 , the vicar of the four churches is Emlyn Williams , assisted by a curate ( E. R. Roberts ) . Williams was appointed in 2007 ; before that , the position had been vacant for 20 years despite many attempts by the Church in Wales to fill it . Services in Welsh are held every Sunday , either Holy Communion or Morning Prayer ; there are no midweek services . 
 Edward Wynn ( 1618 – 1669 ) was rector here from 1658 ; he later became Chancellor of Bangor Cathedral , and is buried at the church . James Williams ( 1790 – 1872 ) was the son of John Williams , rector of St Caffo 's . He succeeded his father when he resigned in 1821 , and later became Chancellor of Bangor Cathedral . 
 
 = = Architecture and fittings = = 
 
 St Caffo 's is built of rubble masonry dressed with limestone , in an early English style ( a style of architecture used between about 1180 and 1275 , typically using narrow pointed windows and arches ) . The roof is made of slate . The tower , at the west end , has buttresses at the corners and is topped with a broach spire , which is a prominent local landmark . Entrance is through an arched doorway in the north side of the tower . The chancel , at the east end of the church , is smaller than the nave in both height and width ; there is a transept on the north side of the chancel . The nave has lancet windows , and there is a further lancet window on the south side of the chancel . The church 's east window is set in a pointed arch and has three lights ( sections of window separated by mullions ) . 
 Inside the church , the sanctuary at the east end is raised above the chancel by one step ; the floor of the sanctuary and the reredos behind the altar are made from encaustic tiles . Fittings include a circular decorated 12th @-@ century font and a 17th @-@ century pulpit with carved decorative panels . A 1937 survey by the Royal Commission on Ancient and Historical Monuments in Wales and Monmouthshire recorded that the church owned a silver cup and a paten dated 1736 . The transept has a number of memorials dating from the 17th century ( including one to Edward Wynn ) , and a stone from the early 7th century inscribed with .. VI / RNIN / FILIUS / CUURIS / CINI / ERE / XIT / HUNC / LAPI / DEM . The stone , which is set in the wall , originally came from Newborough , Anglesey . The church porch houses part of a cross head in the shape of a wheel , dating from the 9th or 10th century ; part of the rest of the cross is in the churchyard , but it has suffered significant weather damage with most of the patterns worn away . 
 The oldest graves are to the north of the church , which is unusual : ordinarily the southern part of the churchyard would be used first for burials , with the northern part remaining unconsecrated unless and until extra space for graves was required . The path between the road and the church has sunken , which may partly be explained by the medieval custom of burying the dead on top of each other . One author has suggested that the mound alongside the path might indicate that the church is located in the site of a Bronze Age settlement . 
 The churchyard has seven gravestones that were discovered in the walls of the previous church . Six of them date from between the 9th and 11th centuries , and the seventh is from the 12th or 13th century . The doorway from the old church , dating from the 15th century , has been reused as an entrance to the churchyard . A carved stone human head , from the 12th century , has been inserted into the north wall of the churchyard . A war memorial in the shape of a Celtic cross remembers those who died during the First and Second World Wars . 
 
 = = Assessment = = 
 
 The church is a Grade II listed building – the lowest of the three grades of listing , designating " buildings of special interest , which warrant every effort being made to preserve them " . It was given this status on 30 January 1968 and Cadw ( the Welsh Assembly Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales ) states that it has been listed because it is " a mid 19th @-@ century rural church , consistently articulated and detailed in an Early English style . " 
 The 19th @-@ century writer Samuel Lewis said that the rebuilt church " forms a very good specimen of the early English style of architecture " , adding that it was " effective from its simplicity and the absence of pretension . " He added that the interior had been " fitted up in a neat and appropriate manner , and the details throughout appear to have been carefully studied " . A 2006 guide to the churches of Anglesey says that the " impressive " tower and steeple " form " a landmark visible for many miles . " It also comments that rendering on part of the tower and the south wall makes them less attractive than the north wall . 
 A 2009 guide to the buildings of the region notes the " exceptional number of inscribed fragments " , showing it to be a place of early Christian worship , but considers that the church is " unlovely " . Similarly , a 2005 guide to Wales describes St Caffo 's as " an uninspiring nineteenth @-@ century church from the outside " but says that it has " a remarkable collection " of memorial stones . 
 
 
 = George N. Briggs = 
 
 George Nixon Briggs ( April 12 , 1796 – September 12 , 1861 ) was an American lawyer and politician from Massachusetts . A Whig , Briggs served for twelve years in the United States House of Representatives , and served seven one @-@ year terms as the 19th Governor of Massachusetts , from 1844 to 1851 . 
 Raised in rural Upstate New York , Briggs studied law in western Massachusetts , where his civic involvement and successful legal practice preceded statewide political activity . He was elected to Congress in 1830 , where he supported the conservative Whig agenda , serving on the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads . He was also a regular advocate of temperance , abstaining from all alcohol consumption . 
 He was nominated by the Whigs in 1843 to run against Democratic Governor Marcus Morton as part of a Whig bid for more rural votes , and easily won election until 1849 . Although he sought to avoid the contentious issue of slavery , he protested South Carolina policy allowing the imprisonment of free African Americans . He supported capital punishment , notably refusing to commute the death sentence of John White Webster for the murder of George Parkman . Briggs died of an accidental gunshot wound at his home in Pittsfield , Massachusetts . 
 
 = = Early life and education = = 
 
 George Nixon Briggs was born in Adams , Massachusetts on April 12 , 1796 . He was the eleventh of twelve children of Allen Briggs , a blacksmith originally from Cranston , Rhode Island , and Nancy ( Brown ) Briggs , of Huguenot descent . His parents moved the family to Manchester , Vermont when he was seven , and , two years later , to White Creek , New York . The household was religious : his father was a Baptist and his mother was a Quaker , and they gave their children religious instruction from the Bible . 
 At the age of 14 , during the Second Great Awakening , which was especially strong in Upstate New York , Briggs experienced a conversion experience and joined the Baptist faith . He spoke at revival meetings of his experience , drawing appreciative applause from the crowds , according to Hiland Hall , who came to know Briggs at that time and who became a lifelong friend and political associate . His faith informed his personal behavior : he remained committed to religious ideals , for instance objecting to Congressional sessions that stretched into Sunday and abstaining from alcohol consumption . 
 Briggs sporadically attended the public schools in White Creek , and was apprenticed for three years to a Quaker hatter . With support from his older brothers he embarked on the study of law in Pittsfield and Lanesboro in 1813 , and was admitted to the Massachusetts bar in 1818 . He first opened a practice in Adams , moved it to Lanesboro in 1823 , and Pittsfield in 1842 . His trial work was characterized by a contemporary as clear , brief , and methodical , even though he was fond of telling stories in less formal settings . 
 In 1817 Briggs helped to establish a Baptist church in Lanesboro ; in this congregation he met Harriet Hall , whom he married in 1818 ; their children were Harriet , George , and Henry . Briggs was also called upon to raise the four orphaned children of his brother Rufus , one of the brothers who supported him in his law studies . Rufus died in 1816 , followed by his wife not long afterward . 
 Briggs ' involvement in civic life began at the local level . From 1824 to 1831 Briggs was the register of deeds for the Northern district of Berkshire County , Massachusetts . He was elected town clerk in 1824 , was appointed chairman of the board of commissioners of highways in 1826 . His interest in politics was sparked by his acquaintance with Henry Shaw , who served in the United States House of Representatives from 1817 to 1821 . 
 A criminal case tried in 1826 brought Briggs wider notice . An Oneida Indian living in Stockbridge was accused of murder . Briggs was appointed by the court to defend him ; convinced by the evidence that the man was innocent , Briggs made what was described by a contemporary as a plea that was " a model of jury eloquence " . The jury , unfortunately , disagreed with Briggs , and convicted the man , who was hanged . In 1830 the true murderer confessed to commission of the crime . 
 
 = = U.S. House of Representatives = = 
 
 Despite his rise in prominence , Briggs was at first ineligible for state offices because he did not own property . In 1830 he decided to run for Congress , for which there was no such requirement . He was elected to the twenty @-@ second through the twenty @-@ fourth Congresses as an Anti @-@ Jacksonian , and as a Whig to the twenty @-@ fifth through twenty @-@ seventh Congresses , serving from March 4 , 1831 to March 3 , 1843 . He decided not to run for reelection in 1842 . 
 Briggs was what became known in later years as a " Cotton Whig " . He was in favor of protectionist tariffs , and opposed the expansion of slavery into western territories , but did not seek to threaten the unity of the nation with a strong stance against slavery . He served on the Committee on Public Expenditures and the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads , serving for a time as the chairman of each . The Post Office committee was a regular recipient of complaints from southern states concerning the transmission of abolitionist mailings , which were seen there as incendiary ; the matter was of some controversy because southern legislators sought to have these types of mailings banned . Briggs ' friend Hiland Hall , who also sat on the committee , drafted a report in 1836 rebutting the rationales used in such legislative proposals , but the committee as a whole , and then the House , refused to accept the report . Although the authorship of the report appears to be entirely Hall 's , Briggs may have contributed to it , and was a signatory to Hall 's publication of the report in the National Intelligencer , a major political journal . The document was influential in driving later Congressional debate on legislative proposals concerning abolitionist mailings , none of which were ever adopted . Briggs and Hall were both instrumental in drafting and gaining passage of the Post Office Act of 1836 , which included substantive accounting reforms in the wake of financial mismanagement by Postmaster General William Taylor Barry . 
 During his time in Congress , Briggs was a vocal advocate for temperance . He formed the Congressional Temperance Society in 1833 , sitting on its executive committee ; at an 1836 temperance convention at Saratoga Springs , New York he advocated the taking of total abstinence pledges as a way to bring more people away from the evils of alcohol , and notably prepared such a pledge for Kentucky Representative Thomas F. Marshall on the floor of the House of Representatives . His moves to organize the temperance movement in Congress died out when he left the body , but it was a cause he would continue to espouse for the rest of his life . In 1860 he was chosen president of the American Temperance Union . 
 
 = = Governor of Massachusetts = = 
 
 Briggs was nominated to run for the governorship on the Whig ticket against the incumbent Democrat Marcus Morton in 1843 . Former Governor John Davis had been nominated first , but refused the nomination , possibly because Daniel Webster promised him party support for a future vice presidential bid . Briggs was apparently recommended as a compromise candidate acceptable to different factions within the party ( one controlled by Webster , the other by Abbott Lawrence ) . He was also probably chosen to appeal more directly to the state 's rural voters , a constituency that normally supported Morton . The abolitionist Liberty Party also fielded a candidate , with the result that none of the candidates won the needed majority . The legislature decided the election in those cases ; with a Whig majority there , Briggs ' election was assured . Briggs was reelected annually until 1850 against a succession of Democratic opponents . He won popular majorities until the 1849 election , even though third parties ( including the Liberty Party and its successor , the Free Soil Party ) were often involved . Although Whigs had a reputation for aristocratic bearing , Briggs was much more a man of the people than the preceding Whig governors , John Davis and Edward Everett . 
 In 1844 Briggs , alarmed at a recently enacted policy by South Carolina authorizing the imprisonment of free blacks arriving there from Massachusetts and other northern states , sent representatives to protest the policy . Samuel Hoar and his daughter Elizabeth were unsuccessful in changing South Carolina policy , and after protests against what was perceived as Yankee interference in Southern affairs , were advised to leave the state for their own safety . 
 Capital punishment was a major issue that was debated in the state during Brigg 's tenure , with social reformers calling for its abolition . Briggs personally favored capital punishment , but for political reasons called for moderation in its use , seeking , for example , to limit its application in murder cases to those involving first degree murder . After an acquittal in an 1846 murder case where anti @-@ death penalty sentiment was thought to have a role , Briggs , seeking to undercut the anti @-@ death penalty lobby , proposed eliminating the penalty for all crimes except murder , but expressed concern that more such acquittals by sympathetic juries would undermine the connection between crime and punishment . 
 Briggs ' argument was used in the 1849 trial of Washington Goode , a black mariner accused of killing a rival for the affections of a lady . The case against Goode was essentially circumstantial , but the jury heeded the district attorney 's call for assertive punishment of " crimes of violence " and convicted him . There were calls for Briggs to commute Goode 's capital sentence , but he refused , writing " A pardon here would tend toward the utter subversion of the law . " 
 Not long after the Goode case came the sensational trial of Professor John White Webster in the murder of George Parkman , a crime that took place at the Harvard Medical School in November 1849 . The trial received nationwide coverage , and the prosecution case was based on evidence that was either circumstantial ( complicated by the fact that a complete corpse was not found ) , or founded on new types of evidence ( forensic dentistry was used for the first time in this trial ) . Furthermore , Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court Chief Justice Lemuel Shaw was widely criticized for bias in the instructions he gave to the jury . Briggs was petitioned to commute Webster 's sentence by death penalty opponents , and even threatened with physical harm if he did not . He refused however , stating that the evidence in the case was clear ( especially after Webster gave a confession ) , and that there was no reason to doubt that the court had acted with due and proper diligence . 
 During Briggs ' time as governor , abolitionist activists continued to make inroads against both the Whigs and Democrats , primarily making common cause with the Democrats against the dominant Whigs . Briggs ' stance as a Cotton Whig put him in opposition to these forces . He opposed the Mexican @-@ American War , but acceded to federal demands that the states assist in raising troops for the war , earning the wrath of activist Wendell Phillips . He did promote other types of reform , supporting Horace Mann in his activities to improve education in the state . 
 In 1849 , Briggs failed to secure a majority in the popular vote because of the rise in power of the Free Soil Party , but the Whig legislature returned him to office . In the 1850 election , anger over the Compromise of 1850 ( a series of federal acts designed to preserve the unity of the nation which included the Fugitive Slave Act ) prompted the Democrats and Free Soilers to form a coalition to gain control over the Massachusetts legislature , and divided the Whigs along pro- and antiabolition lines . With the gubernatorial election again sent to the legislature , Democrat George S. Boutwell was chosen over Briggs . 
 
 = = Later years = = 
 
 Briggs resumed the practice of law in Pittsfield . He was a member of the state constitutional convention in 1853 , and sat as a judge of the Court of Common Pleas from 1853 to 1858 . In 1859 he was nominated for governor by the fading Know @-@ Nothing movement , but trailed far behind other candidates . 
 In 1861 Briggs was appointed by President Abraham Lincoln to a diplomatic mission to the South American Republic of New Granada ( roughly present @-@ day Colombia and Panama ) . However , he died before he could take up the position . On September 4 , 1861 Briggs was getting an overcoat out of his closet at his home in Pittsfield , when a gun fell . As Briggs was picking it up , the gun discharged and Briggs was shot . Briggs died early in the morning of September 12 , 1861 , and was buried in the Pittsfield Cemetery . 
 
 
 = Simon Bradstreet = 
 
 Simon Bradstreet ( baptized March 18 , 1603 / 4 – March 27 , 1697 ) was a colonial magistrate , businessman , diplomat , and the last governor of the Massachusetts Bay Colony . Arriving in Massachusetts on the Winthrop Fleet in 1630 , Bradstreet was almost constantly involved in the politics of the colony but became its governor only in 1679 . He served on diplomatic missions and as agent to the crown in London , and also served as a commissioner to the New England Confederation . He was politically comparatively moderate , arguing minority positions in favor of freedom of speech and for accommodation of the demands of King Charles II following his restoration to the throne . 
 Bradstreet was married to Anne , the daughter of Massachusetts co @-@ founder Thomas Dudley and New England 's first published poet . He was a businessman , investing in land and shipping interests . Due to his advanced age ( he died at 93 ) Cotton Mather referred to him as the " Nestor of New England " . His descendants include the famous jurists Oliver Wendell Holmes , Jr. and David Souter . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Simon Bradstreet was baptized on March 18 , 1603 / 4 in Horbling , Lincolnshire , the second of three sons of Simon and Margaret Bradstreet . His father was the rector of the parish church , and was descended from minor Irish nobility . With his father a vocal Nonconformist , the young Simon acquired his Puritan religious views early in life . At the age of 16 , Bradstreet entered Emmanuel College , Cambridge . He studied there for two years , before entering the service of the Earl of Lincoln as an assistant to Thomas Dudley in 1622 . There is some uncertainty about whether Bradstreet returned to Emmanuel College in 1623 – 1624 . According to Venn , a Simon Bradstreet attended Emmanuel during this time , receiving an M.A. degree , but genealogist Robert Anderson is of the opinion that this was not the same individual . During one of Bradstreet 's stints at Emmanuel he was recommended by John Preston as a tutor or governor to Lord Rich , son of the Earl of Warwick . Rich would have been 12 in 1623 , and Preston was named Emmanuel 's master in 1622 . 
 Bradstreet took over Dudley 's position when the latter moved temporarily to Boston in 1624 . On Dudley 's return several years later , Bradstreet then briefly served as a steward to the Dowager Countess of Warwick . In 1628 he married Dudley 's daughter Anne , when she was 16 . 
 In 1628 , Dudley and others from the Earl of Lincoln 's circle formed the Massachusetts Bay Company , with a view toward establishing a Puritan colony in North America . Bradstreet became involved with the company in 1629 , and in April 1630 , the Bradstreets joined the Dudleys and colonial Governor John Winthrop on the fleet of ships that carried them to Massachusetts Bay . There they founded Boston , the capital of the Massachusetts Bay Colony . 
 
 = = Massachusetts Bay Colony = = 
 
 After a brief stay in Boston , Bradstreet made his first residence in Newtowne ( later renamed Cambridge ) , near the Dudleys in what is now Harvard Square . In 1637 , during the Antinomian Controversy , he was one of the magistrates that sat at the trial of Anne Hutchinson , and voted for her banishment from the colony . In 1639 he was granted land in Salem , near that of John Endecott . He lived there for a time , moving in 1634 to Ipswich before becoming one of the founding settlers of Andover in 1648 . In 1666 his Andover home was destroyed by fire , supposedly because of " the carelessness of the maid " . He had varied business interests , speculating in land , and investing with other colonists in a ship involved in the coasting trade . In 1660 he purchased shares in the Atherton Company , a land development company with interests in the " Narragansett Country " ( present @-@ day southern Rhode Island ) . He became one of its leading figures , serving on the management committee , and publishing handbills advertising its lands . When he died he owned more than 1 @,@ 500 acres ( 610 ha ) of land in five communities spread across the colony . He was known to own two slaves , a woman named Hannah and her daughter Billah . 
 Bradstreet was heavily involved in colonial politics . When the council met for the first time in Boston , Bradstreet was selected to serve as colonial secretary , a post he would hold until 1644 . He was politically moderate , arguing against legislation and judicial decisions punishing people for speaking out against the governing magistrates . Bradstreet was also outspoken in opposition to the witch hysteria that infested his home town of Salem , culminating in numerous trials in 1692 . 
 He served for many years as a commissioner representing Massachusetts to the New England Confederation , an organization that coordinated matters of common interest ( principally defense ) among most of the New England colonies . He was regularly chosen as an assistant , serving on the council that dominated the public affairs of the colony , but did not reach higher office until 1678 , when he was first elected deputy governor under John Leverett . He was against military actions against some of the colony 's foreign neighbors , opposing official intervention in a French Acadian dispute in the 1640s , and also spoke against attacking the New Netherland during the First Anglo @-@ Dutch War ( 1652 – 1654 ) . 
 Bradstreet was sent on a number of diplomatic missions , dealing with settlers , other English colonies , and the Dutch in New Amsterdam . In 1650 he was sent to Hartford , Connecticut , where the Treaty of Hartford was negotiated to determine the boundary between the English colonies and New Amsterdam . In the following years he negotiated an agreement with settlers in York and Kittery to bring them under Massachusetts jurisdiction . 
 Following the 1660 restoration of Charles II to the throne of England , colonial authorities again became concerned about preserving their charter rights . Bradstreet in 1661 headed a legislative committee to " consider and debate such matters touching their patent rights , and privileges , and duty to his Majesty , as should to them seem proper . " The letter the committee drafted reiterated the colony 's charter rights , and also included declarations of allegiance and loyalty to the crown . Bradstreet and John Norton were chosen as agents to deliver the letter to London . Charles renewed the charter , but sent the agents back to Massachusetts with a letter attaching conditions to his assent . The colony was expected , among other things , to expand religious tolerance to include the Church of England and religious minorities like the Quakers . The agents were harshly criticized by hardline factions of the legislature , but Bradstreet defended the need to accommodate the king 's wishes as the safest course to take . How to respond to the king 's demands divided the colony ; Bradstreet was part of the moderate " accommodationist " faction arguing that the colony should obey the king 's wishes . This faction lost the debate to the hardline " commonwealth " faction , who were in favor of aggressively maintaining the colony 's charter rights , led through the 1660s by governors John Endecott and Richard Bellingham . With Charles distracted by war with the Dutch and domestic politics in the late 1660s , the issue lay dormant until the mid @-@ 1670s . Relations between colony and crown deteriorated when the king then renewed demands for legislative and religious reforms , which hardline magistrates again resisted . 
 
 = = Governor = = 
 
 In early 1679 Governor John Leverett died , and Bradstreet as deputy succeeded him . Leverett had opposed accommodation of the king 's demands , and the change to an accommodationist leadership was too late . Bradstreet would turn out to be the last governor under its original charter . His deputy , Thomas Danforth was from the commonwealth faction . During his tenure , crown agent Edward Randolph was in the colony , attempting to enforce the Navigation Acts , under which certain types of trade involving the colony were illegal . Randolph 's enforcement attempts were vigorously resisted by both the merchant classes and sympathetic magistrates despite Bradstreet 's attempts to accommodate Randolph . Juries frequently refused to condemn ships accused of violating the acts ; in one instance Bradstreet tried three times to get a jury to change its verdict . Randolph 's attempts to enforce the navigation laws eventually convinced the colony 's general court that it needed to create its own mechanisms for their enforcement . A bill to establish a naval office was vigorously debated in 1681 , with the house of deputies , dominated by the commonwealth party , opposing the idea , and the moderate magistrates supporting it . The bill that finally passed was a victory for the commonwealth party , making enforcement difficult and subject to reprisal lawsuits . Bradstreet refused to actually implement the law , and Randolph published open challenges to it . Bradstreet was in some degree vindicated when he won re @-@ election in 1682 , and he then used his judicial authority to further undermine the law 's effects . 
 Randolph 's threats to report the colonial legislature 's intransigence prompted it to dispatch agents to England to argue the colony 's case ; however , their powers were limited . Shortly after their arrival in late 1682 , the Lords of Trade issued an ultimatum to the colony : either grant its agents wider powers , including the ability to negotiate modifications to the charter , or risk having the charter voided . The general court responded by issuing the agents instructions to take a hard line . Following legal processes begun in 1683 , the charter was formally annulled on October 23 , 1684 . 
 
 = = Dominion , and temporary return as governor = = 
 
 King Charles II in 1684 established the Dominion of New England . Bradstreet 's brother @-@ in @-@ law Joseph Dudley , who had served as one of the colonial agents , was commissioned by James as President of the Council for New England in 1685 by King James II , and took control of the colony in May 1686 . Bradstreet was offered a position on Dudley 's council , but refused . Dudley was replaced in December 1686 by Sir Edmund Andros , who came to be greatly detested in Massachusetts for vacating existing land titles , and seizing Congregational church properties for Church of England religious services . Andros ' high @-@ handed rule was also unpopular in the other colonies of the dominion . 
 The idea of revolt against Andros arose as early as January 1689 , before news of the December 1688 Glorious Revolution reached Boston . After William and Mary took the throne , Increase Mather and Sir William Phips , Massachusetts agents in London , petitioned them and the Lords of Trade for restoration of the Massachusetts charter . Mather furthermore convinced the Lords of Trade to delay notifying Andros of the revolution . He had already dispatched to Bradstreet a letter containing news that a report ( prepared before the revolution ) stating that the charter had been illegally annulled , and that the magistrates should " prepare the minds of the people for a change . " News of the revolution apparently reached some individuals as early as late March , and Bradstreet is one of several possible organizers of the mob that formed in Boston in April 18 , 1689 . He , along with other pre @-@ Dominion magistrates and some members of Andros ' council , addressed an open letter to Andros on that day calling for his surrender in order to quiet the mob . Andros , who had fled to the safety of Castle Island , surrendered , and was eventually returned to England after several months in confinement . 
 In the wake of Andros ' arrest , a council of safety was formed , with Bradstreet as its president . The council drafted a letter to William and Mary , justifying the colony 's acts in language similar to that used by William in his proclamations when he invaded England . The council fairly quickly decided to revert to the government as it had been under the old charter . In this form Bradstreet resumed the governorship , and was annually re @-@ elected governor until 1692 . He had to defend the colony against those who were opposed to the reintroduction of the old rule , who he characterized in reports to London as malcontents and strangers stirring up trouble . The colony 's northern frontier was also engulfed in King William 's War , where there was frequent Indian raiding . Bradstreet approved the expeditions of Sir William Phips in 1690 against Acadia and Quebec . 
 In 1691 William and Mary issued a charter establishing the Province of Massachusetts Bay , and appointed Phips its first governor . Bradstreet was offered a position on Phips ' council when the new governor arrived in 1692 , but declined . Bradstreet died at his home in Salem on 27 March 1697 at the age of 93 ; due to his advanced age he was called the " Nestor of New England " by Cotton Mather . 
 
 = = Family and legacy = = 
 
 Bradstreet was buried in the Charter Street Burying Ground in Salem . Poetry by his first wife Anne was published in England in 1650 , including verses containing expressions of enduring love for her husband . Anne Bradstreet died in 1672 ; the couple had eight children , of whom seven survived infancy . In 1676 Bradstreet married Ann Gardner , the widow of Captain Joseph Gardner , son of Thomas Gardner of Salem . His many descendants include jurists Oliver Wendell Holmes , Jr. and David Souter , U.S. President Herbert Hoover , and actor Humphrey Bogart . 
 
 
 = Etymology of Wicca = 
 
 In Modern English , the term Wicca ( / ˈwɪkə / ) refers to Wicca , the religion of contemporary Pagan Witchcraft . It is used within the Pagan community under competing definitions . One refers to the entirety of the Pagan Witchcraft movement , while the other refers explicitly to traditions included in what is now called British Traditional Wicca . 
 Although pronounced differently , Wicca is related to the Old English word wicca , which referred to sorcerers in Anglo @-@ Saxon England . In the early 1950s , English Wiccan Gerald Gardner , founder of the Gardnerian tradition , referred to the Pagan Witchcraft community as the Wica . He claimed to have learned the term during his initiation into the New Forest coven in 1939 . By the late 1950s , Gardner 's rival Charles Cardell , founder of his own tradition , had begun referring to the religion 's followers as Wiccens , and possibly used Wicca in reference to the religion itself . 
 The inclusive use of the term Wicca — referring to the entirety of Pagan Witchcraft religion — has been traced to Britain in the early 1960s , when it was used by various groups and publicised through use in adverts , magazines , and other literary sources . It was later adopted by figures like Alex Sanders and Gavin and Yvonne Frost , who took it to the United States . There , practitioners of British Traditional Wicca adopted it exclusively for themselves as a means to differentiate their practices from those of other Pagan Witches . This exclusive meaning was countered by its popularisation as a generic term by prolific authors such as Raymond Buckland , Scott Cunningham and Silver RavenWolf . As it entered popular culture , it gained an increasingly eclectic character in its usage . During the 1990s , some attempted to distance themselves from it by utilising the term Traditional Witchcraft . 
 
 = = Definitions = = 
 
 There are two separate definitions of the term Wicca that have been used in Paganism and Pagan studies since circa 1980 . The first developed in England during the 1960s . Broad and inclusive , it covers most , if not all , forms of modern Pagan Witchcraft , especially if they share sufficient theological beliefs and ritual practices to be considered denominations within a common religious movement . In contrast , the second developed in the United States during the late 1970s . It refers specifically to the Gardnerian tradition of Witchcraft and those descended from it with little variation , namely Alexandrian and Algard Witchcraft , which are together known as British Traditional Wicca . 
 
 = = = Usage within Pagan studies = = = 
 
 The development and use of the term Wicca within contemporary Paganism has been a recurring topic of discussion in the field of Pagan studies . The majority of academics and independent scholars use the first , more inclusive definition . Given its historical status and prevalent usage within Paganism , Pagan studies scholar Ethan Doyle White thought it the logical and easier choice for academia , although there is still some disagreement and confusion among researchers as to what defines Wicca . Among those who have used the former definition are American sociologist Margot Adler , literary scholar Chas S. Clifton , and religious studies scholar Aidan A. Kelly , while others such as the Britons Graham Harvey and Ronald Hutton failed to make their usage clear . To deal with this problem in future , Doyle White urged scholars to specify which definition they used in their work . 
 
 = = Origins = = 
 
 
 = = = Old English wicca and wicce = = = 
 
 In the Early Medieval language of Old English , the term wicca ( / ˈwɪttʃɑː / ) was a masculine noun for sorcerer ; wicce was its feminine counterpart . They are ancestral to Modern English witch . The Modern English term Wicca took the Old English wicca as its basis , although the two are fundamentally two distinct words with differing meanings , pronunciation , and grammatical usage , with nearly a millennium between their respective floruits . 
 In 1932 Lewis Spence writes in The Weekly Scotsman , in response to the popularisation of Margaret Murray 's witch @-@ cult hypothesis in Scotland , that " the Saxon word ' wicca ' , a witch " was " of immemorial usage " in the Scottish Lowlands . 
 Doyle White suggests that the early Wiccans adopted the term wicca as the basis for the name of their burgeoning faith because theirs was a new religious movement that took " iconography and inspiration " from the polytheistic cults of pre @-@ Christian Britain . 
 
 = = = Gerald Gardner 's Wica : 1939 – 1966 = = = 
 
 Gerald Gardner ( 1884 – 1964 ) , the man largely responsible for propagating the Wiccan religion in Britain during the 1950s and 1960s and the founder of the Gardnerian tradition , never used the term Wicca in either sense that it is used today . He referred to the religion as the " cult of witchcraft " or " the witch @-@ cult " , the latter likely being a term borrowed from Margaret Murray , who wrote a book entitled The Witch @-@ Cult in Western Europe ( 1921 ) . Gardner did use the term Wica , which he always spelled with only one c in his writings , but this did not refer to the religion itself , instead referring to the religion 's practitioners in a plural sense . 
 What are [ the witches ] then ? They are the people who call themselves the Wica , the " wise people " , who practise the age ‑ old rites and who have , along with much superstition and herbal knowledge , preserved an occult teaching and working processes which they themselves think to be magic or witchcraft . 
 In contrast with this plural use of the word , in a 1954 article written by Arnold Field , a reporter for the Daily Dispatch , Gardner had apparently explained to him that " there are man and woman witches . Each is called a wica . " This quote offers the only piece of evidence that Gardner also referred to Pagan Witches individually as a wica . It is possible that Field misunderstood what Gardner was saying by not capitalising Wica , and that therefore Gardner might have never used Wica in a singular sense . 
 In his book The Meaning of Witchcraft ( 1959 ) Gardner states that he first heard the term Wica while being initiated into the New Forest coven in September 1939 , stating that " I realised I had stumbled on something interesting ; but I was half @-@ initiated before the word Wica which they used hit me like a thunderbolt , and I knew where I was , and that the Old Religion still existed . " This account was repeated in his biography , Gerald Gardner : Witch ( 1960 ) , written by Idries Shah but attributed to Jack L. Bracelin , in which he is quoted as saying that " it was halfway through when the word Wica was first mentioned ; and I knew that that which I had thought burnt out hundreds of years ago still survived . " If Gardner 's account was accurate and the New Forest coven had really existed , then the fact that Gardner spelled the word as Wica would not necessarily indicate that the coven members had spelled it the same way . As he relates , from Gardner 's account , " it seems that he had heard rather than read the word in the midst of his initiatory rite " and that , " suffering from a poor grasp of spelling , punctuation , and grammar , something caused by the fact that he was self @-@ educated and possibly also influenced by dyslexia " , he would have therefore spelled the word phonetically as Wica . 
 In The Meaning of Witchcraft , Gardner also notes the term Wica 's resemblance to the Old English word wicca , stating that " It is a curious fact that when the witches became English @-@ speaking they adopted their Saxon name ' Wica ' . " In his published writings , Gardner propounds the idea that his Pagan Witchcraft religion dated back at least to the Anglo @-@ Saxon period , when Old English was the dominant language . 
 Wica soon became an accepted term among the early Gardnerians , as Gardner 's followers and initiates became known . Patricia and Arnold Crowther , a Gardnerian High Priestess and High Priest who operated a coven in Sheffield , use the term in their book The Witches Speak ( 1959 ) , writing that " [ T ] he Red Queen told Alice that she made words mean what [ she ] wanted them to mean . She might very well have been talking about witchcraft , for today it is used to describe anything that one wishes to use it for . From the simple meaning ' the craft of the Wica ' , it is used in connection with Black Magic , Satanism , Black Masses ... " 
 
 = = = Charles Cardell 's Wiccen : 1958 – 1960 = = = 
 
 Charles Cardell ( 1892 – 1977 ) was the founder of a Pagan Witchcraft tradition that rivalled that of Gerald Gardner 's in southern England during the 1950s . A psychologist and stage conjurer , Cardell ran a company named Dumblecott Magick Productions from his home in Charlwood , Surrey , from where he also controlled a local coven that was spied on by the press , leading to a well @-@ publicised court case . Having been involved with Spiritualism as well as Pagan Witchcraft , Cardell initially befriended Gardner , but in 1958 they had an argument , and in 1964 Cardell tried to discredit him by publishing much of the then @-@ secret Gardnerian Book of Shadows . 
 Cardell used the term Wiccen to refer not just to members of his own tradition , but to all followers of the Pagan Witchcraft religion , placing an advert in Light magazine , the journal of the College of Psychic Science , entitled " The Craft of the Wiccens " in 1958 . The advert asked fellow Wiccens to get in contact with him . This advert shows that Cardell was responsible for the propagation and possibly invention of the term Wiccen . 
 It is possible Cardell had also used the term Wicca , evidenced by the fact that Margaret Bruce , the owner of a mail @-@ order business selling occult titles , wrote a letter to her friend Gerald Gardner on 23 February 1960 , in which she consoled him on the attacks made against him by Cardell and included a poem in which she referred to " the ' Wicca ' " . In Melissa Seims ' opinion , this use of Wicca was explicitly in reference to the Cardellian Craft , and therefore meant " that this spelling , along with ' Wiccan ' , was used by Cardell . " However , it is also possible that Bruce was referring to " the Wicca " as " a community of Pagan Witches " , in which case it would be a misspelling of Gardner 's " the Wica " . 
 
 = = = The emergence of Wicca : 1962 – 1970 = = = 
 
 The term Wicca appears to have developed within the Pagan Witchcraft community during the early 1960s , as increasing numbers of Pagan Witches learned of the Old English term wicca , the etymological origin of the Modern term witch . This etymological fact had been referred to five times in Gerald Gardner 's book The Meaning of Witchcraft ( 1959 ) , as well as in other early texts propagating Pagan Witchcraft , such as Doreen Valiente 's Where Witchcraft Lives ( 1962 ) and Justine Glass ' Witchcraft , The Sixth Sense – and Us ( 1965 ) . None of these specifically referred to the Pagan Witchcraft religion as Wicca . 
 The earliest known published reference for the word Wicca is within an advertisement published in a 1962 issue of Fate magazine ; in this , a Cardiff @-@ based group of Pagan Witches advertised a tradition as " Wicca – Dianic and Aradian " . The advert may have been linked to Charles and Mary Cardell because Mary was allegedly born in Wales and Cardellian Witchcraft had apparently venerated a goddess under the name of Diana . However , many Pagan Witchcraft groups would have adopted the deity name Diana and Aradia , these being the goddesses featured in the American folklorist Charles Leland 's supposed account of a Tuscan witch tradition , Aradia , or the Gospel of the Witches ( 1899 ) . Another early use could be found from December 1965 , in the penultimate issue of Pentagram , the newsletter of the Witchcraft Research Association . Here , a small column on Halloween made reference to " the Craft of the Wiccan " , apparently referring to the entire Pagan Witchcraft community . The author 's name was not printed , although it had probably been produced by one of the figures involved in editing Pentagram , such as Gerard Noel or Doreen Valiente . In July 1968 , a group of British Gardnerians began publishing a magazine titled The Wiccan , while Welshman Gavin Frost founded the Church of Wicca in the United States that same year . 
 In the 1960s , the Gardnerian initiate Alex Sanders founded his own tradition , which became known as Alexandrian Wicca ; he used the terms Wicca and the Wicca in reference to the entire Pagan Witchcraft religion . One of Sanders ' initiates , Stewart Farrar , describes Wicca as " the witches ' name for their Craft " in his book What Witches Do ( 1971 ) . The widespread adoption of Wicca in reference to Pagan Witchcraft would have brought benefits to its practitioners , who were widely maligned and faced persecution for their practice of witchcraft ; an emotive term often associated with Satanism that had negative connotations in the Western imagination . Doyle White argued that the practitioners ' presentation of themselves as Wiccans rather than witches removed some of the social stigma that they faced . 
 
 = = Popularisation = = 
 
 
 = = = Developments in North America : 1970 – 1990 = = = 
 
 From 1970 onward , increasing numbers of books teaching readers how to become Pagan Witches were published ; the earliest was Paul Huson 's Mastering Witchcraft ( 1970 ) , which made no reference to Wicca . This was followed by Raymond Buckland 's The Tree : The Complete Book of Saxon Witchcraft , in which he propagated his newly developed tradition of Seax @-@ Wica ; utilising Wica as the name of the tradition , he also referenced the Wicca as the name of the religion as a whole . Contrastingly , during the 1970s the term Wicca was rejected by feminist Pagan Witchcraft groups in the United States , in particular the Dianic tradition ; the term does not appear in the early works of Zsuzsanna Budapest and Starhawk , although the latter would adopt it by the 21st century . 
 This was part of a phenomenon that took place during the 1970s and 1980s , as the term Wicca became increasingly associated purely with Gardnerianism and Alexandrianism ( together known as British Traditional Wicca in North America ) , rather than with other variants of Pagan Witchcraft . This was encouraged by elements within the Gardnerian and Alexandrian communities who wished to emphasise what they perceived as their special position within the Pagan community . The word Wicca first appeared in a book title in 1981 as Wicca : The Ancient Way ; written by Janus @-@ Mithras , Nuit @-@ Hilaria and Mer @-@ Amun and published in Canada . It discussed a Gardnerian @-@ based tradition . 
 
 = = = Increasing popularisation and reaction : 1990 – 2010 = = = 
 
 In ensuing years , many other authors would publish books containing Wicca in their titles which advocated solitary practice of Pagan Witchcraft ; best known were Scott Cunningham 's Wicca : A Guide for the Solitary Practitioner ( 1988 ) and Silver RavenWolf 's Teen Witch : Wicca for a New Generation ( 1998 ) , but other examples included Gerina Dunwich 's The Wicca Garden ( 1996 ) , D. J. Conway 's Wicca : The Complete Craft ( 2001 ) , Raymond Buckland 's Wicca for Life ( 2004 ) and Wicca for One ( 2004 ) , Arin Murphy @-@ Hiscock 's Solitary Wicca for Life ( 2005 ) and Ann @-@ Marie Gallagher 's The Wicca Bible ( 2005 ) . It was also adopted by American novelist Cate Tiernan as the title of her series of young adult novels . 
 The term Wicca was employed in an increasingly eclectic manner by authors like RavenWolf , who considered it to be a synonym for witchcraft . In turn it began to be adopted on a wider scale , being popularised in India by Ipsita Roy Chakraverti and being adopted by a French Luciferian group , Le Wicca Française . Becoming widely known in western popular culture , it was utilised by the script writers of two popular American television shows , Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Charmed ; the first episode of the latter was titled " Something Wicca This Way Comes " while the tenth was titled " Wicca Envy " . 
 Reacting against the increasingly inclusive use of the term were Pagan Witches who instead characterised their practices as forms of Traditional Witchcraft . Many Pagan Witches who considered themselves to be Traditional Witches exhibited an us @-@ and @-@ them mentality against Gardnerianism and allied traditions , for whom they reserved the term Wicca . Doyle White suggests that they had done so in order to distance themselves from the increasing influence of the New Age movement over the Wiccan mainstream with its " iconographical emphasis on white light " , instead embracing the traditional European view that associated witchcraft with darkness . Historian Ronald Hutton states that he knew of three Wiccan covens founded in the 1980s who began to describe themselves as Traditional Witches in the 1990s . 
 
 = = = Etymologies = = = 
 
 
 
 = Bob Dylan = 
 
 Bob Dylan ( / ˈdɪlən / ; born Robert Allen Zimmerman , May 24 , 1941 ) is an American singer @-@ songwriter , artist and writer . He has been influential in popular music and culture for more than five decades . Much of his most celebrated work dates from the 1960s when his songs chronicled social unrest , although Dylan repudiated suggestions from journalists that he was a spokesman for his generation . Nevertheless , early songs such as " Blowin ' in the Wind " and " The Times They Are a @-@ Changin ' " became anthems for the American civil rights and anti @-@ war movements . After he left his initial base in the American folk music revival , his six @-@ minute single " Like a Rolling Stone " altered the range of popular music in 1965 . His mid @-@ 1960s recordings , backed by rock musicians , reached the top end of the United States music charts while also attracting denunciation and criticism from others in the folk movement . 
 Dylan 's lyrics have incorporated various political , social , philosophical , and literary influences . They defied existing pop music conventions and appealed to the burgeoning counterculture . Initially inspired by the performances of Little Richard and the songwriting of Woody Guthrie , Robert Johnson , and Hank Williams , Dylan has amplified and personalized musical genres . His recording career , spanning more than 50 years , has explored the traditions in American song — from folk , blues , and country to gospel , rock and roll , and rockabilly to English , Scottish , and Irish folk music , embracing even jazz and the Great American Songbook . Dylan performs with guitar , keyboards , and harmonica . Backed by a changing lineup of musicians , he has toured steadily since the late 1980s on what has been dubbed the Never Ending Tour . His accomplishments as a recording artist and performer have been central to his career , but songwriting is considered his greatest contribution . 
 Since 1994 , Dylan has published six books of drawings and paintings , and his work has been exhibited in major art galleries . As a musician , Dylan has sold more than 100 million records , making him one of the best @-@ selling artists of all time . He has also received numerous awards including eleven Grammy Awards , a Golden Globe Award , and an Academy Award . Dylan has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Minnesota Music Hall of Fame , Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame , and Songwriters Hall of Fame . The Pulitzer Prize jury in 2008 awarded him a special citation for " his profound impact on popular music and American culture , marked by lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power . " In May 2012 , Dylan received the Presidential Medal of Freedom from President Barack Obama . 
 
 = = Life and career = = 
 
 
 = = = Origins and musical beginnings = = = 
 
 Bob Dylan was born Robert Allen Zimmerman ( Hebrew name שבתאי זיסל בן אברהם [ Shabtai Zisl ben Avraham ] ) in St Mary 's Hospital on May 24 , 1941 , in Duluth , Minnesota , and raised in Hibbing , Minnesota , on the Mesabi Range west of Lake Superior . He has a younger brother , David . Dylan 's paternal grandparents , Zigman and Anna Zimmerman , emigrated from Odessa , in the Russian Empire ( now Ukraine ) , to the United States following the anti @-@ Semitic pogroms of 1905 . His maternal grandparents , Ben and Florence Stone , were Lithuanian Jews who arrived in the United States in 1902 . In his autobiography , Chronicles : Volume One , Dylan wrote that his paternal grandmother 's maiden name was Kirghiz and her family originated from Kağızman district of Kars Province in northeastern Turkey . 
 Dylan 's parents , Abram Zimmerman and Beatrice " Beatty " Stone , were part of a small but close @-@ knit Jewish community . They lived in Duluth until Robert was six , when his father had polio and the family returned to his mother 's hometown , Hibbing , where they lived for the rest of Robert 's childhood . In his early years he listened to the radio — first to blues and country stations from Shreveport , Louisiana and later , when he was a teenager , to rock and roll . He formed several bands while attending Hibbing High School . In the Golden Chords , he performed covers of songs by Little Richard and Elvis Presley . Their performance of Danny & the Juniors ' " Rock and Roll Is Here to Stay " at their high school talent show was so loud that the principal cut the microphone . In 1959 , his high school yearbook carried the caption " Robert Zimmerman : to join ' Little Richard ' . " The same year , as Elston Gunnn [ sic ] , he performed two dates with Bobby Vee , playing piano and clapping . 
 Zimmerman moved to Minneapolis in September 1959 and enrolled at the University of Minnesota . His focus on rock and roll gave way to American folk music . In 1985 , he said : 
 The thing about rock 'n'roll is that for me anyway it wasn 't enough ... There were great catch @-@ phrases and driving pulse rhythms ... but the songs weren 't serious or didn 't reflect life in a realistic way . I knew that when I got into folk music , it was more of a serious type of thing . The songs are filled with more despair , more sadness , more triumph , more faith in the supernatural , much deeper feelings . 
 He began to perform at the Ten O 'Clock Scholar , a coffeehouse a few blocks from campus , and became involved in the Dinkytown folk music circuit . 
 During his Dinkytown days , Zimmerman began introducing himself as " Bob Dylan " . In his memoir , Dylan acknowledged that he had been influenced by the poetry of Dylan Thomas . Explaining his change of name in a 2004 interview , Dylan remarked , " You 're born , you know , the wrong names , wrong parents . I mean , that happens . You call yourself what you want to call yourself . This is the land of the free . " 
 
 = = = 1960s = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Relocation to New York and record deal = = = = 
 
 In May 1960 , Dylan dropped out of college at the end of his first year . In January 1961 , he traveled to New York City , to perform there and visit his musical idol Woody Guthrie , who was seriously ill with Huntington 's disease in Greystone Park Psychiatric Hospital . Guthrie had been a revelation to Dylan and influenced his early performances . Describing Guthrie 's impact , he wrote : " The songs themselves had the infinite sweep of humanity in them ... [ He ] was the true voice of the American spirit . I said to myself I was going to be Guthrie 's greatest disciple . " As well as visiting Guthrie in hospital , Dylan befriended Guthrie 's acolyte Ramblin ' Jack Elliott . Much of Guthrie 's repertoire was channeled through Elliott , and Dylan paid tribute to Elliott in Chronicles : Volume One . 
 From February 1961 , Dylan played at clubs around Greenwich Village . He befriended and picked up material from folk singers there , including Dave Van Ronk , Fred Neil , Odetta , the New Lost City Ramblers , and Irish musicians the Clancy Brothers and Tommy Makem . In September , Dylan gained public recognition when Robert Shelton wrote a review in The New York Times of a show at Gerde 's Folk City . The same month Dylan played harmonica on folk singer Carolyn Hester 's third album , which brought his talents to the attention of the album 's producer , John Hammond . Hammond signed Dylan to Columbia Records in October . The performances on his first Columbia album — Bob Dylan — in March 1962 , consisted of familiar folk , blues and gospel with two original compositions . The album sold only 5 @,@ 000 in its first year , just enough to break even . Within Columbia Records , some referred to the singer as " Hammond 's Folly " and suggested dropping his contract , but Hammond defended Dylan and was supported by Johnny Cash . In March 1962 , Dylan contributed harmonica and back @-@ up vocals to the album Three Kings and the Queen , accompanying Victoria Spivey and Big Joe Williams on a recording for Spivey Records . While working for Columbia , Dylan recorded under the pseudonym Blind Boy Grunt , for Broadside , a folk magazine and record label . Dylan used the pseudonym Bob Landy to record as a piano player on The Blues Project , a 1964 anthology album by Elektra Records . As Tedham Porterhouse , Dylan played harmonica on Ramblin ' Jack Elliott 's 1964 album , Jack Elliott . 
 Dylan made two important career moves in August 1962 : he legally changed his name to Robert Dylan , and he signed a management contract with Albert Grossman . ( In June 1961 , Dylan had signed an agreement with Roy Silver . In 1962 , Grossman paid Silver $ 10 @,@ 000 to become sole manager . ) Grossman remained Dylan 's manager until 1970 , and was notable for his sometimes confrontational personality and for protective loyalty . Dylan said , " He was kind of like a Colonel Tom Parker figure ... you could smell him coming . " Tensions between Grossman and John Hammond led to Hammond 's being replaced as producer of Dylan 's second album by the young African @-@ American jazz producer , Tom Wilson . 
 Dylan made his first trip to the United Kingdom from December 1962 to January 1963 . He had been invited by TV director Philip Saville to appear in a drama , Madhouse on Castle Street , which Saville was directing for BBC Television . At the end of the play , Dylan performed " Blowin ' in the Wind " , one of its first public performances . The film recording of Madhouse on Castle Street was destroyed by the BBC in 1968 . While in London , Dylan performed at London folk clubs , including the Troubadour , Les Cousins , and Bunjies . He also learned material from UK performers , including Martin Carthy . 
 By the time of Dylan 's second album , The Freewheelin ' Bob Dylan , in May 1963 , he had begun to make his name as a singer and a songwriter . Many songs on this album were labeled protest songs , inspired partly by Guthrie and influenced by Pete Seeger 's passion for topical songs . " Oxford Town " , for example , was an account of James Meredith 's ordeal as the first black student to risk enrollment at the University of Mississippi . 
 The first song on the Freewheelin ' album , " Blowin ' in the Wind " , partly derived its melody from the traditional slave song , " No More Auction Block " , while its lyrics questioned the social and political status quo . The song was widely recorded by other artists and became a hit for Peter , Paul and Mary . Another Freewheelin ' song , " A Hard Rain 's a @-@ Gonna Fall " was based on the folk ballad " Lord Randall " . With veiled references to an impending apocalypse , the song gained more resonance when the Cuban Missile Crisis developed a few weeks after Dylan began performing it . Like " Blowin ' in the Wind " , " A Hard Rain 's a @-@ Gonna Fall " marked a new direction in songwriting , blending a stream @-@ of @-@ consciousness , imagist lyrical attack with traditional folk form . 
 Dylan 's topical songs enhanced his early reputation , and he came to be seen as more than just a songwriter . Janet Maslin wrote of Freewheelin ' : " These were the songs that established [ Dylan ] as the voice of his generation — someone who implicitly understood how concerned young Americans felt about nuclear disarmament and the growing movement for civil rights : his mixture of moral authority and nonconformity was perhaps the most timely of his attributes . " Freewheelin ' also included love songs and surreal talking blues . Humor was an important part of Dylan 's persona , and the range of material on the album impressed listeners , including The Beatles . George Harrison said of the album , " We just played it , just wore it out . The content of the song lyrics and just the attitude — it was incredibly original and wonderful . " 
 The rough edge of Dylan 's singing was unsettling to some but an attraction to others . Joyce Carol Oates wrote : " When we first heard this raw , very young , and seemingly untrained voice , frankly nasal , as if sandpaper could sing , the effect was dramatic and electrifying . " Many early songs reached the public through more palatable versions by other performers , such as Joan Baez , who became Dylan 's advocate as well as his lover . Baez was influential in bringing Dylan to prominence by recording several of his early songs and inviting him on stage during her concerts . 
 Others who had hits with Dylan 's songs in the early 1960s included the Byrds , Sonny & Cher , the Hollies , Peter , Paul and Mary , the Association , Manfred Mann and the Turtles . Most attempted a pop feel and rhythm , while Dylan and Baez performed them mostly as sparse folk songs . The covers became so ubiquitous that CBS promoted him with the slogan " Nobody Sings Dylan Like Dylan . " 
 " Mixed @-@ Up Confusion " , recorded during the Freewheelin ' sessions with a backing band , was released as a single and then quickly withdrawn . In contrast to the mostly solo acoustic performances on the album , the single showed a willingness to experiment with a rockabilly sound . Cameron Crowe described it as " a fascinating look at a folk artist with his mind wandering towards Elvis Presley and Sun Records . " 
 
 = = = = Protest and Another Side = = = = 
 
 In May 1963 , Dylan 's political profile rose when he walked out of The Ed Sullivan Show . During rehearsals , Dylan had been told by CBS television 's head of program practices that " Talkin ' John Birch Paranoid Blues " was potentially libelous to the John Birch Society . Rather than comply with censorship , Dylan refused to appear . 
 By this time , Dylan and Baez were prominent in the civil rights movement , singing together at the March on Washington on August 28 , 1963 . Dylan 's third album , The Times They Are a @-@ Changin ' , reflected a more politicized and cynical Dylan . The songs often took as their subject matter contemporary stories , with " Only A Pawn In Their Game " addressing the murder of civil rights worker Medgar Evers ; and the Brechtian " The Lonesome Death of Hattie Carroll " the death of black hotel barmaid Hattie Carroll , at the hands of young white socialite William Zantzinger . On a more general theme , " Ballad of Hollis Brown " and " North Country Blues " addressed despair engendered by the breakdown of farming and mining communities . This political material was accompanied by two personal love songs , " Boots of Spanish Leather " and " One Too Many Mornings " . 
 By the end of 1963 , Dylan felt both manipulated and constrained by the folk and protest movements . Accepting the " Tom Paine Award " from the National Emergency Civil Liberties Committee shortly after the assassination of John F. Kennedy , an intoxicated Dylan questioned the role of the committee , characterized the members as old and balding , and claimed to see something of himself and of every man in Kennedy 's assassin , Lee Harvey Oswald . 
 Another Side of Bob Dylan , recorded on a single evening in June 1964 , had a lighter mood . The humorous Dylan reemerged on " I Shall Be Free No. 10 " and " Motorpsycho Nightmare " . " Spanish Harlem Incident " and " To Ramona " are passionate love songs , while " Black Crow Blues " and " I Don 't Believe You ( She Acts Like We Never Have Met ) " suggest the rock and roll soon to dominate Dylan 's music . " It Ain 't Me Babe " , on the surface a song about spurned love , has been described as a rejection of the role of political spokesman thrust upon him . His newest direction was signaled by two lengthy songs : the impressionistic " Chimes of Freedom " , which sets social commentary against a metaphorical landscape in a style characterized by Allen Ginsberg as " chains of flashing images , " and " My Back Pages " , which attacks the simplistic and arch seriousness of his own earlier topical songs and seems to predict the backlash he was about to encounter from his former champions as he took a new direction . 
 In the latter half of 1964 and 1965 , Dylan moved from folk songwriter to folk @-@ rock pop @-@ music star . His jeans and work shirts were replaced by a Carnaby Street wardrobe , sunglasses day or night , and pointed " Beatle boots " . A London reporter wrote : " Hair that would set the teeth of a comb on edge . A loud shirt that would dim the neon lights of Leicester Square . He looks like an undernourished cockatoo . " Dylan began to spar with interviewers . Appearing on the Les Crane television show and asked about a movie he planned , he told Crane it would be a cowboy horror movie . Asked if he played the cowboy , Dylan replied , " No , I play my mother . " 
 
 = = = = Going electric = = = = 
 
 Dylan 's late March 1965 album Bringing It All Back Home was another leap , featuring his first recordings with electric instruments . The first single , " Subterranean Homesick Blues " , owed much to Chuck Berry 's " Too Much Monkey Business " ; its free association lyrics described as harkening back to the energy of beat poetry and as a forerunner of rap and hip @-@ hop . The song was provided with an early video , which opened D. A. Pennebaker 's cinéma vérité presentation of Dylan 's 1965 tour of Great Britain , Dont Look Back . Instead of miming , Dylan illustrated the lyrics by throwing cue cards containing key words from the song on the ground . Pennebaker said the sequence was Dylan 's idea , and it has been imitated in music videos and advertisements . 
 The second side of Bringing It All Back Home contained four long songs on which Dylan accompanied himself on acoustic guitar and harmonica . " Mr. Tambourine Man " became one of his best known songs when The Byrds recorded an electric version that reached number one in the US and UK . " It 's All Over Now , Baby Blue " and " It 's Alright Ma ( I 'm Only Bleeding ) " were two of Dylan 's most important compositions . 
 In 1965 , heading the Newport Folk Festival , Dylan performed his first electric set since high school with a pickup group mostly from the Paul Butterfield Blues Band , featuring Mike Bloomfield ( guitar ) , Sam Lay ( drums ) and Jerome Arnold ( bass ) , plus Al Kooper ( organ ) and Barry Goldberg ( piano ) . Dylan had appeared at Newport in 1963 and 1964 , but in 1965 met with cheering and booing and left the stage after three songs . One version has it that the boos were from folk fans whom Dylan had alienated by appearing , unexpectedly , with an electric guitar . Murray Lerner , who filmed the performance , said : " I absolutely think that they were booing Dylan going electric . " An alternative account claims audience members were upset by poor sound and a short set . This account is supported by Kooper and one of the directors of the festival , who reports his recording proves the only boos were in reaction to the MC 's announcement that there was only enough time for a short set . 
 Nevertheless , Dylan 's performance provoked a hostile response from the folk music establishment . In the September issue of Sing Out ! , Ewan MacColl wrote : " Our traditional songs and ballads are the creations of extraordinarily talented artists working inside disciplines formulated over time ... ' But what of Bobby Dylan ? ' scream the outraged teenagers ... Only a completely non @-@ critical audience , nourished on the watery pap of pop music , could have fallen for such tenth @-@ rate drivel . " On July 29 , four days after Newport , Dylan was back in the studio in New York , recording " Positively 4th Street " . The lyrics contained images of vengeance and paranoia , and it has been interpreted as Dylan 's put @-@ down of former friends from the folk community — friends he had known in clubs along West 4th Street . 
 
 = = = = Highway 61 Revisited and Blonde on Blonde = = = = 
 
 In July 1965 , the single " Like a Rolling Stone " peaked at two in the U.S. and at four in the UK charts . At over six minutes , the song altered what a pop single could convey . Bruce Springsteen , in his speech for Dylan 's inauguration into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , said that on first hearing the single , " that snare shot sounded like somebody 'd kicked open the door to your mind " . In 2004 and in 2011 , Rolling Stone listed it as number one of " The 500 Greatest Songs of All Time " . The song opened Dylan 's next album , Highway 61 Revisited , named after the road that led from Dylan 's Minnesota to the musical hotbed of New Orleans . The songs were in the same vein as the hit single , flavored by Mike Bloomfield 's blues guitar and Al Kooper 's organ riffs . " Desolation Row " , backed by acoustic guitar and understated bass , offers the sole exception , with Dylan alluding to figures in Western culture in a song described by Andy Gill as " an 11 @-@ minute epic of entropy , which takes the form of a Fellini @-@ esque parade of grotesques and oddities featuring a huge cast of celebrated characters , some historical ( Einstein , Nero ) , some biblical ( Noah , Cain and Abel ) , some fictional ( Ophelia , Romeo , Cinderella ) , some literary ( T.S. Eliot and Ezra Pound ) , and some who fit into none of the above categories , notably Dr. Filth and his dubious nurse . " 
 In support of the album , Dylan was booked for two U.S. concerts with Al Kooper and Harvey Brooks from his studio crew and Robbie Robertson and Levon Helm , former members of Ronnie Hawkins 's backing band the Hawks . On August 28 at Forest Hills Tennis Stadium , the group was heckled by an audience still annoyed by Dylan 's electric sound . The band 's reception on September 3 at the Hollywood Bowl was more favorable . 
 From September 24 , 1965 , in Austin , Texas , Dylan toured the U.S. and Canada for six months , backed by the five musicians from the Hawks who became known as the Band . While Dylan and the Hawks met increasingly receptive audiences , their studio efforts floundered . Producer Bob Johnston persuaded Dylan to record in Nashville in February 1966 , and surrounded him with top @-@ notch session men . At Dylan 's insistence , Robertson and Kooper came from New York City to play on the sessions . The Nashville sessions produced the double album Blonde on Blonde ( 1966 ) , featuring what Dylan called " that thin wild mercury sound " . Kooper described it as " taking two cultures and smashing them together with a huge explosion " : the musical world of Nashville and the world of the " quintessential New York hipster " Bob Dylan . 
 On November 22 , 1965 , Dylan secretly married 25 @-@ year @-@ old former model Sara Lownds . Some of Dylan 's friends , including Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , say that , immediately after the event , Dylan denied he was married . Journalist Nora Ephron made the news public in the New York Post in February 1966 with the headline " Hush ! Bob Dylan is wed . " 
 Dylan toured Australia and Europe in April and May 1966 . Each show was split in two . Dylan performed solo during the first half , accompanying himself on acoustic guitar and harmonica . In the second , backed by the Hawks , he played electrically amplified music . This contrast provoked many fans , who jeered and slow handclapped . The tour culminated in a raucous confrontation between Dylan and his audience at the Manchester Free Trade Hall in England on May 17 , 1966 . A recording of this concert was released in 1998 : The Bootleg Series Vol . 4 : Bob Dylan Live 1966 . At the climax of the evening , a member of the audience , angered by Dylan 's electric backing , shouted : " Judas ! " to which Dylan responded , " I don 't believe you ... You 're a liar ! " Dylan turned to his band and said , " Play it fucking loud ! " as they launched into the final song of the night — " Like a Rolling Stone " . 
 During his 1966 tour , Dylan was described as exhausted and acting " as if on a death trip " . D. A. Pennebaker , the film maker accompanying the tour , described Dylan as " taking a lot of amphetamine and who @-@ knows @-@ what @-@ else . " In a 1969 interview with Jann Wenner , Dylan said , " I was on the road for almost five years . It wore me down . I was on drugs , a lot of things ... just to keep going , you know ? " In 2011 , BBC Radio 4 reported that , in an interview that Robert Shelton taped in 1966 , Dylan said he had kicked heroin in New York City : " I got very , very strung out for a while ... I had about a $ 25 @-@ a @-@ day habit and I kicked it . " Some journalists questioned the validity of this confession , pointing out that Dylan had " been telling journalists wild lies about his past since the earliest days of his career . " 
 
 = = = = Motorcycle accident and reclusion = = = = 
 
 After his tour , Dylan returned to New York , but the pressures increased . ABC Television had paid an advance for a TV show . His publisher , Macmillan , was demanding a manuscript of the poem / novel Tarantula . Manager Albert Grossman had scheduled a concert tour for the latter part of the year . 
 On July 29 , 1966 , Dylan crashed his 500cc Triumph Tiger 100 motorcycle near his home in Woodstock , New York and was thrown to the ground . Though the extent of his injuries was never disclosed , Dylan said that he broke several vertebrae in his neck . Mystery still surrounds the circumstances of the accident since no ambulance was called to the scene and Dylan was not hospitalized . Dylan 's biographers have written that the crash offered Dylan the chance to escape the pressures around him . Dylan confirmed this interpretation in his autobiography : " I had been in a motorcycle accident and I 'd been hurt , but I recovered . Truth was that I wanted to get out of the rat race . " Dylan withdrew from public and , apart from a few appearances , did not tour again for almost eight years . 
 Once Dylan was well enough to resume creative work , he began to edit D. A. Pennebaker 's film of his 1966 tour . A rough cut was shown to ABC Television and rejected as incomprehensible to a mainstream audience . The film was subsequently titled Eat the Document on bootleg copies , and it has been screened at a handful of film festivals . In 1967 he began recording with the Hawks at his home and in the basement of the Hawks ' nearby house , " Big Pink " . These songs , initially demos for other artists to record , provided hits for Julie Driscoll and the Brian Auger Trinity ( " This Wheel 's on Fire " ) , The Byrds ( " You Ain 't Goin ' Nowhere " , " Nothing Was Delivered " ) , and Manfred Mann ( " Mighty Quinn " ) . Columbia released selections in 1975 as The Basement Tapes . Over the years , more songs recorded by Dylan and his band in 1967 appeared on bootleg recordings , culminating in a five @-@ CD set titled The Genuine Basement Tapes , containing 107 songs and alternative takes . In the coming months , the Hawks recorded the album Music from Big Pink using songs they worked on in their basement in Woodstock , and renamed themselves the Band , beginning a long recording and performing career of their own . 
 In October and November 1967 , Dylan returned to Nashville . Back in the studio after 19 months , he was accompanied by Charlie McCoy on bass , Kenny Buttrey on drums , and Pete Drake on steel guitar . The result was John Wesley Harding , a contemplative record of shorter songs , set in a landscape that drew on the American West and the Bible . The sparse structure and instrumentation , with lyrics that took the Judeo @-@ Christian tradition seriously , departed from Dylan 's own work and from the psychedelic fervor of the 1960s . It included " All Along the Watchtower " , with lyrics derived from the Book of Isaiah ( 21 : 5 – 9 ) . The song was later recorded by Jimi Hendrix , whose version Dylan acknowledged as definitive . Woody Guthrie died on October 3 , 1967 , and Dylan made his first live appearance in twenty months at a Guthrie memorial concert held at Carnegie Hall on January 20 , 1968 , where he was backed by the Band . 
 Dylan 's next release , Nashville Skyline ( 1969 ) , was mainstream country featuring Nashville musicians , a mellow @-@ voiced Dylan , a duet with Johnny Cash , and the hit single " Lay Lady Lay " . Variety wrote , " Dylan is definitely doing something that can be called singing . Somehow he has managed to add an octave to his range . " Dylan and Cash also recorded a series of duets , but only their recording of Dylan 's " Girl from the North Country " was used on the album . 
 In May 1969 , Dylan appeared on the first episode of Johnny Cash 's television show , duetting with Cash on " Girl from the North Country " , " I Threw It All Away " , and " Living the Blues " . Dylan next traveled to England to top the bill at the Isle of Wight festival on August 31 , 1969 , after rejecting overtures to appear at the Woodstock Festival closer to his home . 
 
 = = = 1970s = = = 
 
 In the early 1970s , critics charged that Dylan 's output was varied and unpredictable . Rolling Stone writer Greil Marcus asked " What is this shit ? " on first listening to Self Portrait , released in June 1970 . Self Portrait , a double LP including few original songs , was poorly received . In October 1970 , Dylan released New Morning , considered a return to form . This album included " Day of the Locusts " , a song in which Dylan gave an account of receiving an honorary degree from Princeton University on June 9 , 1970 . In November 1968 , Dylan had co @-@ written " I 'd Have You Anytime " with George Harrison ; Harrison recorded " I 'd Have You Anytime " and Dylan 's " If Not for You " for his 1970 solo triple album All Things Must Pass . Dylan 's surprise appearance at Harrison 's 1971 Concert for Bangladesh attracted media coverage , reflecting that Dylan 's live appearances had become rare . 
 Between March 16 and 19 , 1971 , Dylan reserved three days at Blue Rock , a small studio in Greenwich Village to record with Leon Russell . These sessions resulted in " Watching the River Flow " and a new recording of " When I Paint My Masterpiece " . On November 4 , 1971 , Dylan recorded " George Jackson " , which he released a week later . For many , the single was a surprising return to protest material , mourning the killing of Black Panther George Jackson in San Quentin State Prison that year . Dylan contributed piano and harmony to Steve Goodman 's album , Somebody Else 's Troubles , under the pseudonym Robert Milkwood Thomas in September 1972 . 
 In 1972 , Dylan signed to Sam Peckinpah 's film Pat Garrett and Billy the Kid , providing songs and backing music for the movie , and playing " Alias " , a member of Billy 's gang with some historical basis . Despite the film 's failure at the box office , the song " Knockin ' on Heaven 's Door " became one of Dylan 's most covered songs . 
 
 = = = = Return to touring = = = = 
 
 Dylan began 1973 by signing with a new label , David Geffen 's Asylum Records , when his contract with Columbia Records expired . On his next album , Planet Waves , he used the Band as backing group , while rehearsing for a tour . The album included two versions of " Forever Young " , which became one of his most popular songs . As one critic described it , the song projected " something hymnal and heartfelt that spoke of the father in Dylan " , and Dylan himself commented : " I wrote it thinking about one of my boys and not wanting to be too sentimental . " 
 Columbia Records simultaneously released Dylan , a collection of studio outtakes ( almost exclusively covers ) , widely interpreted as a churlish response to Dylan 's signing with a rival record label . In January 1974 , Dylan returned to touring after seven years ; backed by the Band , he embarked on a North American tour of 40 concerts . A live double album , Before the Flood , was on Asylum Records . Soon , according to Clive Davis , Columbia Records sent word they " will spare nothing to bring Dylan back into the fold " . Dylan had second thoughts about Asylum , miffed that while there had been millions of unfulfilled ticket requests for the 1974 tour , Geffen had sold only 700 @,@ 000 copies of Planet Waves . Dylan returned to Columbia Records , which reissued his two Asylum albums . 
 After the tour , Dylan and his wife became estranged . He filled a small red notebook with songs about relationships and ruptures , and recorded an album entitled Blood on the Tracks in September 1974 . Dylan delayed the release and re @-@ recorded half the songs at Sound 80 Studios in Minneapolis with production assistance from his brother , David Zimmerman . 
 Released in early 1975 , Blood on the Tracks received mixed reviews . In the NME , Nick Kent described " the accompaniments [ as ] often so trashy they sound like mere practice takes . " In Rolling Stone , Jon Landau wrote that " the record has been made with typical shoddiness . " Over the years critics came to see it as one of Dylan 's greatest achievements . In Salon.com , Bill Wyman wrote : " Blood on the Tracks is his only flawless album and his best produced ; the songs , each of them , are constructed in disciplined fashion . It is his kindest album and most dismayed , and seems in hindsight to have achieved a sublime balance between the logorrhea @-@ plagued excesses of his mid @-@ 1960s output and the self @-@ consciously simple compositions of his post @-@ accident years . " Novelist Rick Moody called it " the truest , most honest account of a love affair from tip to stern ever put down on magnetic tape . " 
 In the middle of that year , Dylan wrote a ballad championing boxer Rubin " Hurricane " Carter , imprisoned for a triple murder in Paterson , New Jersey , in 1966 . After visiting Carter in jail , Dylan wrote " Hurricane " , presenting the case for Carter 's innocence . Despite its length — over eight minutes — the song was released as a single , peaking at 33 on the U.S. Billboard chart , and performed at every 1975 date of Dylan 's next tour , the Rolling Thunder Revue . The tour featured about one hundred performers and supporters from the Greenwich Village folk scene , including T @-@ Bone Burnett , Ramblin ' Jack Elliott , Joni Mitchell , David Mansfield , Roger McGuinn , Mick Ronson , Joan Baez , and Scarlet Rivera , whom Dylan discovered walking down the street , her violin case on her back . Allen Ginsberg accompanied the troupe , staging scenes for the film Dylan was shooting . Sam Shepard was hired to write the screenplay , but ended up accompanying the tour as informal chronicler . 
 Running through late 1975 and again through early 1976 , the tour encompassed the release of the album Desire , with many of Dylan 's new songs featuring a travelogue @-@ like narrative style , showing the influence of his new collaborator , playwright Jacques Levy . The 1976 half of the tour was documented by a TV concert special , Hard Rain , and the LP Hard Rain ; no concert album from the better @-@ received and better @-@ known opening half of the tour was released until 2002 's Live 1975 . 
 The 1975 tour with the Revue provided the backdrop to Dylan 's nearly four @-@ hour film Renaldo and Clara , a sprawling narrative mixed with concert footage and reminiscences . Released in 1978 , the movie received poor , sometimes scathing , reviews . Later in that year , a two @-@ hour edit , dominated by the concert performances , was more widely released . 
 In November 1976 , Dylan appeared at the Band 's " farewell " concert , with Eric Clapton , Joni Mitchell , Muddy Waters , Van Morrison and Neil Young . Martin Scorsese 's cinematic chronicle , The Last Waltz , in 1978 included about half of Dylan 's set . In 1976 , Dylan wrote and duetted on " Sign Language " for Eric Clapton 's No Reason To Cry . 
 In 1978 , Dylan embarked on a year @-@ long world tour , performing 114 shows in Japan , the Far East , Europe and the US , to a total audience of two million . Dylan assembled an eight piece band and three backing singers . Concerts in Tokyo in February and March were released as the live double album , Bob Dylan At Budokan . Reviews were mixed . Robert Christgau awarded the album a C + rating , giving the album a derisory review , while Janet Maslin defended it in Rolling Stone , writing : " These latest live versions of his old songs have the effect of liberating Bob Dylan from the originals . " When Dylan brought the tour to the U.S. in September 1978 , the press described the look and sound as a ' Las Vegas Tour ' . The 1978 tour grossed more than $ 20 million , and Dylan told the Los Angeles Times that he had debts because " I had a couple of bad years . I put a lot of money into the movie , built a big house ... and it costs a lot to get divorced in California . " 
 In April and May 1978 , Dylan took the same band and vocalists into Rundown Studios in Santa Monica , California , to record an album of new material : Street @-@ Legal . It was described by Michael Gray as , " after Blood On The Tracks , arguably Dylan 's best record of the 1970s : a crucial album documenting a crucial period in Dylan 's own life " . However , it had poor sound and mixing ( attributed to Dylan 's studio practices ) , muddying the instrumental detail until a remastered CD release in 1999 restored some of the songs ' strengths . 
 
 = = = = Christian period = = = = 
 
 In the late 1970s , Dylan became a born again Christian and released two albums of contemporary gospel music . Slow Train Coming ( 1979 ) featured the guitar accompaniment of Mark Knopfler ( of Dire Straits ) and was produced by veteran R & B producer Jerry Wexler . Wexler said that Dylan had tried to evangelize him during the recording . He replied : " Bob , you 're dealing with a 62 @-@ year @-@ old Jewish atheist . Let 's just make an album . " Dylan won the Grammy Award for Best Male Rock Vocal Performance for the song " Gotta Serve Somebody " . His second Christian @-@ themed album , Saved ( 1980 ) , received mixed reviews , described by Michael Gray as " the nearest thing to a follow @-@ up album Dylan has ever made , Slow Train Coming II and inferior " When touring in late 1979 and early 1980 , Dylan would not play his older , secular works , and he delivered declarations of his faith from the stage , such as : 
 Years ago they ... said I was a prophet . I used to say , " No I 'm not a prophet " they say " Yes you are , you 're a prophet . " I said , " No it 's not me . " They used to say " You sure are a prophet . " They used to convince me I was a prophet . Now I come out and say Jesus Christ is the answer . They say , " Bob Dylan 's no prophet . " They just can 't handle it . 
 Dylan 's Christianity was unpopular with some fans and musicians . Shortly before his murder , John Lennon recorded " Serve Yourself " in response to Dylan 's " Gotta Serve Somebody " . By 1981 , Stephen Holden wrote in the New York Times that " neither age ( he 's now 40 ) nor his much @-@ publicized conversion to born @-@ again Christianity has altered his essentially iconoclastic temperament . " 
 
 = = = 1980s = = = 
 
 In late 1980 , Dylan briefly played concerts billed as " A Musical Retrospective " , restoring popular 1960s songs to the repertoire . Shot of Love , recorded early the next year , featured his first secular compositions in more than two years , mixed with Christian songs . " Every Grain of Sand " reminded some of William Blake 's verses . 
 In the 1980s , reception of Dylan 's recordings varied , from the well @-@ regarded Infidels in 1983 to the panned Down in the Groove in 1988 . Michael Gray condemned Dylan 's 1980s albums for carelessness in the studio and for failing to release his best songs . As an example of the latter , the Infidels recording sessions , which again employed Knopfler on lead guitar and also as the album 's producer , resulted in several notable songs that Dylan left off the album . Best regarded of these were " Blind Willie McTell " , a tribute to the dead blues musician and an evocation of African American history , " Foot of Pride " and " Lord Protect My Child " . These three songs were released on The Bootleg Series Volumes 1 – 3 ( Rare & Unreleased ) 1961 – 1991 . 
 Between July 1984 and March 1985 , Dylan recorded Empire Burlesque . Arthur Baker , who had remixed hits for Bruce Springsteen and Cyndi Lauper , was asked to engineer and mix the album . Baker said he felt he was hired to make Dylan 's album sound " a little bit more contemporary " . 
 Dylan sang on USA for Africa 's famine relief single " We Are the World " . On July 13 , 1985 , he appeared at the climax at the Live Aid concert at JFK Stadium , Philadelphia . Backed by Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood , he performed a ragged version of " Hollis Brown " , his ballad of rural poverty , and then said to the worldwide audience exceeding one billion people : " I hope that some of the money ... maybe they can just take a little bit of it , maybe ... one or two million , maybe ... and use it to pay the mortgages on some of the farms and , the farmers here , owe to the banks . " His remarks were widely criticized as inappropriate , but they did inspire Willie Nelson to organize a series of events , Farm Aid , to benefit debt @-@ ridden American farmers . 
 In April 1986 , Dylan made a foray into rap music when he added vocals to the opening verse of " Street Rock " , featured on Kurtis Blow 's album Kingdom Blow . Dylan 's next studio album , Knocked Out Loaded , in July 1986 contained three covers ( by Little Junior Parker , Kris Kristofferson and the gospel hymn " Precious Memories " ) , plus three collaborations with ( Tom Petty , Sam Shepard and Carole Bayer Sager ) , and two solo compositions by Dylan . One reviewer commented that " the record follows too many detours to be consistently compelling , and some of those detours wind down roads that are indisputably dead ends . By 1986 , such uneven records weren 't entirely unexpected by Dylan , but that didn 't make them any less frustrating . " It was the first Dylan album since Freewheelin ' ( 1963 ) to fail to make the Top 50 . Since then , some critics have called the 11 @-@ minute epic that Dylan co @-@ wrote with Sam Shepard , " Brownsville Girl " , a work of genius . 
 In 1986 and 1987 , Dylan toured with Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers , sharing vocals with Petty on several songs each night . Dylan also toured with the Grateful Dead in 1987 , resulting in a live album Dylan & The Dead . This received negative reviews : Allmusic said , " Quite possibly the worst album by either Bob Dylan or the Grateful Dead . " Dylan then initiated what came to be called the Never Ending Tour on June 7 , 1988 , performing with a back @-@ up band featuring guitarist G. E. Smith . Dylan continued to tour with a small , evolving band for the next 20 years . 
 In 1987 , Dylan starred in Richard Marquand 's movie Hearts of Fire , in which he played Billy Parker , a washed @-@ up rock star turned chicken farmer whose teenage lover , ( Fiona ) , leaves him for a jaded English synth @-@ pop sensation played by Rupert Everett . Dylan also contributed two original songs to the soundtrack — " Night After Night " , and " I Had a Dream About You , Baby " , as well as a cover of John Hiatt 's " The Usual " . The film was a critical and commercial flop . Dylan was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in January 1988 , with Bruce Springsteen 's introduction declaring , " Bob freed your mind the way Elvis freed your body . He showed us that just because music was innately physical did not mean that it was anti @-@ intellectual . 
 The album Down in the Groove in May 1988 sold even more unsuccessfully than his previous studio album . Michael Gray wrote : " The very title undercuts any idea that inspired work may lie within . Here was a further devaluing of the notion of a new Bob Dylan album as something significant . " The critical and commercial disappointment of that album was swiftly followed by the success of the Traveling Wilburys . Dylan co @-@ founded the band with George Harrison , Jeff Lynne , Roy Orbison , and Tom Petty , and in late 1988 their multi @-@ platinum Traveling Wilburys Vol . 1 reached three on the US album chart , featuring songs that were described as Dylan 's most accessible compositions in years . Despite Orbison 's death in December 1988 , the remaining four recorded a second album in May 1990 with the title Traveling Wilburys Vol . 3 . 
 Dylan finished the decade on a critical high note with Oh Mercy produced by Daniel Lanois . Michael Gray wrote that the album was : " Attentively written , vocally distinctive , musically warm , and uncompromisingly professional , this cohesive whole is the nearest thing to a great Bob Dylan album in the 1980s . " The track " Most of the Time " , a lost love composition , was later prominently featured in the film High Fidelity , while " What Was It You Wanted ? " has been interpreted both as a catechism and a wry comment on the expectations of critics and fans . The religious imagery of " Ring Them Bells " struck some critics as a re @-@ affirmation of faith . 
 
 = = = 1990s = = = 
 
 Dylan 's 1990s began with Under the Red Sky ( 1990 ) , an about @-@ face from the serious Oh Mercy . The album contained several apparently simple songs , including " Under the Red Sky " and " Wiggle Wiggle " . The album was dedicated to " Gabby Goo Goo " , a nickname for the daughter of Dylan and Carolyn Dennis , Desiree Gabrielle Dennis @-@ Dylan , who was four . Sidemen on the album included George Harrison , Slash from Guns N ' Roses , David Crosby , Bruce Hornsby , Stevie Ray Vaughan , and Elton John . Despite the line @-@ up , the record received bad reviews and sold poorly . 
 In 1991 , Dylan received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award from American actor Jack Nicholson . The event coincided with the start of the Gulf War against Saddam Hussein , and Dylan performed " Masters of War " . Dylan then made a short speech , saying " My daddy once said to me , he said , ' Son , it is possible for you to become so defiled in this world that your own mother and father will abandon you . If that happens , God will believe in your ability to mend your own ways . ' " This sentiment was subsequently revealed to be a quote from 19th @-@ century German Jewish intellectual , Rabbi Samson Raphael Hirsch . 
 The next few years saw Dylan returning to his roots with two albums covering folk and blues numbers : Good as I Been to You ( 1992 ) and World Gone Wrong ( 1993 ) , featuring interpretations and acoustic guitar work . Many critics and fans commented on the quiet beauty of the song " Lone Pilgrim " , written by a 19th @-@ century teacher . In November 1994 Dylan recorded two live shows for MTV Unplugged . He said his wish to perform traditional songs was overruled by Sony executives who insisted on hits . The album from it , MTV Unplugged , included " John Brown " , an unreleased 1962 song of how enthusiasm for war ends in mutilation and disillusionment . 
 Dylan 's longtime road manager Victor Maymudes has claimed that the singer quit drinking alcohol in 1994 . Maymudes felt that Dylan sobering up made him " more introverted and a little less social . " 
 With a collection of songs reportedly written while snowed @-@ in on his Minnesota ranch , Dylan booked recording time with Daniel Lanois at Miami 's Criteria Studios in January 1997 . The subsequent recording sessions were , by some accounts , fraught with musical tension . Before the album 's release Dylan was hospitalized with a life @-@ threatening heart infection , pericarditis , brought on by histoplasmosis . His scheduled European tour was cancelled , but Dylan made a speedy recovery and left the hospital saying , " I really thought I 'd be seeing Elvis soon . " He was back on the road by mid @-@ year , and performed before Pope John Paul II at the World Eucharistic Conference in Bologna , Italy . The Pope treated the audience of 200 @,@ 000 people to a homily based on Dylan 's lyric " Blowin ' in the Wind " . 
 September saw the release of the new Lanois @-@ produced album , Time Out of Mind . With its bitter assessment of love and morbid ruminations , Dylan 's first collection of original songs in seven years was highly acclaimed . One critic wrote : " the songs themselves are uniformly powerful , adding up to Dylan 's best overall collection in years . " This collection of complex songs won him his first solo " Album of the Year " Grammy Award . 
 In December 1997 , U.S. President Bill Clinton presented Dylan with a Kennedy Center Honor in the East Room of the White House , paying this tribute : " He probably had more impact on people of my generation than any other creative artist . His voice and lyrics haven 't always been easy on the ear , but throughout his career Bob Dylan has never aimed to please . He 's disturbed the peace and discomforted the powerful . " 
 In 1999 , Dylan embarked on a North American tour with Paul Simon , where each alternated as headline act with a " middle " section where they performed together , starting on the first of June and ending September 18 . The collaboration was generally well @-@ received , with just one critic , Seth Rogovoy , from the Berkshire Eagle , questioning the collaboration . 
 
 = = = 2000s = = = 
 
 Dylan commenced the new millennium by winning the Polar Music Prize in May 2000 and his first Oscar ; his song " Things Have Changed " , written for the film Wonder Boys , won an Academy Award in March 2001 . The Oscar , by some reports a facsimile , tours with him , presiding over shows perched atop an amplifier . 
 " Love and Theft " was released on September 11 , 2001 . Recorded with his touring band , Dylan produced the album himself under the pseudonym Jack Frost . The album was critically well received and earned nominations for several Grammy awards . Critics noted that Dylan was widening his musical palette to include rockabilly , Western swing , jazz , and even lounge ballads . " Love and Theft " generated controversy when The Wall Street Journal pointed out similarities between the album 's lyrics and Japanese author Junichi Saga 's book Confessions of a Yakuza . 
 In 2003 , Dylan revisited the evangelical songs from his " born again " period and participated in the CD project Gotta Serve Somebody : The Gospel Songs of Bob Dylan . That year also saw the release of the film Masked & Anonymous , which Dylan co @-@ wrote with director Larry Charles under the alias Sergei Petrov . Dylan played the central character in the film , Jack Fate , alongside a cast that included Jeff Bridges , Penélope Cruz and John Goodman . The film polarised critics : many dismissed it as an " incoherent mess " ; a few treated it as a serious work of art . 
 In October 2004 , Dylan published the first part of his autobiography , Chronicles : Volume One . Confounding expectations , Dylan devoted three chapters to his first year in New York City in 1961 – 1962 , virtually ignoring the mid @-@ 1960s when his fame was at its height . He also devoted chapters to the albums New Morning ( 1970 ) and Oh Mercy ( 1989 ) . The book reached number two on The New York Times ' Hardcover Non @-@ Fiction best seller list in December 2004 and was nominated for a National Book Award . 
 No Direction Home , Martin Scorsese 's acclaimed film biography of Dylan , was first broadcast on September 26 – 27 , 2005 , on BBC Two in the UK and PBS in the US . The documentary focuses on the period from Dylan 's arrival in New York in 1961 to his motorcycle crash in 1966 , featuring interviews with Suze Rotolo , Liam Clancy , Joan Baez , Allen Ginsberg , Pete Seeger , Mavis Staples , and Dylan himself . The film received a Peabody Award in April 2006 and a Columbia @-@ duPont Award in January 2007 . The accompanying soundtrack featured unreleased songs from Dylan 's early career . 
 Dylan earned yet another distinction in a 2007 study of US legal opinions and briefs that found his lyrics were quoted by judges and lawyers more than those of any other songwriter , 186 times versus 74 by the Beatles , who were second . Among those quoting Dylan were US Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Antonin Scalia , both conservatives . The most widely cited lines included " you don 't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows " from " Subterranean Homesick Blues " and " when you ain 't got nothing , you got nothing to lose " from " Like a Rolling Stone " . 
 
 = = = = Modern Times = = = = 
 
 May 3 , 2006 , was the premiere of Dylan 's radio presenting career , hosting a weekly radio program , Theme Time Radio Hour , for XM Satellite Radio , with song selections revolving around a chosen theme . Dylan played classic and obscure records from the 1930s to the present day , including contemporary artists as diverse as Blur , Prince , L.L. Cool J and the Streets . The show was praised by fans and critics as " great radio , " as Dylan told stories and made eclectic references with his sardonic humor , while achieving a thematic beauty with his musical choices . In April 2009 , Dylan broadcast the 100th show in his radio series ; the theme was " Goodbye " and the final record played was Woody Guthrie 's " So Long , It 's Been Good to Know Yuh " . This has led to speculation that Dylan 's radio series may have ended . 
 On August 29 , 2006 , Dylan released his Modern Times album . Despite some coarsening of Dylan 's voice ( a critic for The Guardian characterised his singing on the album as " a catarrhal death rattle " ) most reviewers praised the album , and many described it as the final installment of a successful trilogy , embracing Time Out of Mind and " Love and Theft " . Modern Times entered the U.S. charts at number one , making it Dylan 's first album to reach that position since 1976 's Desire . The New York Times published an article exploring similarities between some of Dylan 's lyrics in Modern Times and the work of the Civil War poet Henry Timrod . 
 Nominated for three Grammy Awards , Modern Times won Best Contemporary Folk / Americana Album and Bob Dylan also won Best Solo Rock Vocal Performance for " Someday Baby " . Modern Times was named Album of the Year , 2006 , by Rolling Stone magazine , and by Uncut in the UK . On the same day that Modern Times was released the iTunes Music Store released Bob Dylan : The Collection , a digital box set containing all of his albums ( 773 tracks in total ) , along with 42 rare and unreleased tracks . 
 In August 2007 , the award @-@ winning film biography of Dylan I 'm Not There , written and directed by Todd Haynes , was released — bearing the tagline " inspired by the music and many lives of Bob Dylan " . The movie used six different actors to represent different aspects of Dylan 's life : Christian Bale , Cate Blanchett , Marcus Carl Franklin , Richard Gere , Heath Ledger and Ben Whishaw . Dylan 's previously unreleased 1967 recording from which the film takes its name was released for the first time on the film 's original soundtrack ; all other tracks are covers of Dylan songs , specially recorded for the movie by a diverse range of artists , including Sonic Youth , Eddie Vedder , Mason Jennings , Stephen Malkmus , Jeff Tweedy , Karen O , Willie Nelson , Cat Power , Richie Havens , and Tom Verlaine . 
 On October 1 , 2007 , Columbia Records released the triple CD retrospective album Dylan , anthologising his entire career under the Dylan 07 logo . As part of this campaign , Mark Ronson produced a re @-@ mix of Dylan 's 1966 tune " Most Likely You Go Your Way and I 'll Go Mine " , which was released as a maxi @-@ single . This was the first time Dylan had sanctioned a re @-@ mix of one of his classic recordings . 
 The sophistication of the Dylan 07 marketing campaign was a reminder that Dylan 's commercial profile had risen considerably since the 1990s . This first became evident in 2004 , when Dylan appeared in a TV advertisement for Victoria 's Secret lingerie . Three years later , in October 2007 , he participated in a multi @-@ media campaign for the 2008 Cadillac Escalade . Then , in 2009 , he gave the highest profile endorsement of his career , appearing with rapper will.i.am in a Pepsi ad that debuted during the telecast of Super Bowl XLIII . The ad , broadcast to a record audience of 98 million viewers , opened with Dylan singing the first verse of " Forever Young " followed by will.i.am doing a hip hop version of the song 's third and final verse . 
 In October 2008 , Columbia released The Bootleg Series Vol . 8 – Tell Tale Signs as both a two @-@ CD set and a three @-@ CD version with a 150 @-@ page hardcover book . The set contains live performances and outtakes from selected studio albums from Oh Mercy to Modern Times , as well as soundtrack contributions and collaborations with David Bromberg and Ralph Stanley . The pricing of the album — the two @-@ CD set went on sale for $ 18 @.@ 99 and the three @-@ CD version for $ 129 @.@ 99 — led to complaints about " rip @-@ off packaging " from some fans and commentators . The release was widely acclaimed by critics . The abundance of alternative takes and unreleased material suggested to one reviewer that this volume of old outtakes " feels like a new Bob Dylan record , not only for the astonishing freshness of the material , but also for the incredible sound quality and organic feeling of everything here . " 
 
 = = = = Together Through Life and Christmas in the Heart = = = = 
 
 Bob Dylan released his album Together Through Life on April 28 , 2009 . In a conversation with music journalist Bill Flanagan , published on Dylan 's website , Dylan explained that the genesis of the record was when French film director Olivier Dahan asked him to supply a song for his new road movie , My Own Love Song ; initially only intending to record a single track , " Life Is Hard , " " the record sort of took its own direction " . Nine of the ten songs on the album are credited as co @-@ written by Bob Dylan and Robert Hunter . 
 The album received largely favorable reviews , although several critics described it as a minor addition to Dylan 's canon of work . Andy Gill wrote in The Independent that the record " features Dylan in fairly relaxed , spontaneous mood , content to grab such grooves and sentiments as flit momentarily across his radar . So while it may not contain too many landmark tracks , it 's one of the most naturally enjoyable albums you 'll hear all year . " 
 In its first week of release , the album reached number one in the Billboard 200 chart in the U.S. , making Bob Dylan ( 67 years of age ) the oldest artist to ever debut at number one on that chart . It also reached number one on the UK album chart , 39 years after Dylan 's previous UK album chart topper New Morning . This meant that Dylan currently holds the record for the longest gap between solo number one albums in the UK chart . 
 On October 13 , 2009 , Dylan released a Christmas album , Christmas in the Heart , comprising such Christmas standards as " Little Drummer Boy " , " Winter Wonderland " and " Here Comes Santa Claus " . Dylan 's royalties from the sale of this album will benefit the charities Feeding America in the USA , Crisis in the UK , and the World Food Programme . 
 The album received generally favorable reviews . The New Yorker commented that Dylan had welded a pre @-@ rock musical sound to " some of his croakiest vocals in a while " , and speculated that Dylan 's intentions might be ironic : " Dylan has a long and highly publicized history with Christianity ; to claim there 's not a wink in the childish optimism of ' Here Comes Santa Claus ' or ' Winter Wonderland ' is to ignore a half @-@ century of biting satire . " In USA Today , Edna Gundersen pointed out that Dylan was " revisiting yuletide styles popularized by Nat King Cole , Mel Tormé , and the Ray Conniff Singers . " Gundersen concluded that Dylan " couldn 't sound more sentimental or sincere " . 
 In an interview published in The Big Issue , journalist Bill Flanagan asked Dylan why he had performed the songs in a straightforward style , and Dylan responded : " There wasn 't any other way to play it . These songs are part of my life , just like folk songs . You have to play them straight too . " 
 
 = = = 2010s = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Tempest = = = = 
 
 On October 18 , 2010 , Dylan released Volume 9 of his Bootleg Series , The Witmark Demos . This comprised 47 demo recordings of songs taped between 1962 and 1964 for Dylan 's earliest music publishers : Leeds Music in 1962 , and Witmark Music from 1962 to 1964 . One reviewer described the set as " a hearty glimpse of young Bob Dylan changing the music business , and the world , one note at a time . " The critical aggregator website Metacritic awarded the album a Metascore of 86 , indicating " universal acclaim " . In the same week , Sony Legacy released Bob Dylan : The Original Mono Recordings , a box set that for the first time presented Dylan 's eight earliest albums , from Bob Dylan ( 1962 ) to John Wesley Harding ( 1967 ) , in their original mono mix in the CD format . The CDs were housed in miniature facsimiles of the original album covers , replete with original liner notes . The set was accompanied by a booklet featuring an essay by music critic Greil Marcus . 
 On April 12 , 2011 , Legacy Recordings released Bob Dylan in Concert – Brandeis University 1963 , taped at Brandeis University on May 10 , 1963 , two weeks prior to the release of The Freewheelin ' Bob Dylan . The tape was discovered in the archive of music writer Ralph J. Gleason , and the recording carries liner notes by Michael Gray , who writes the recording captures Dylan " from way back when Kennedy was President and the Beatles hadn 't yet reached America . It reveals him not at any Big Moment but giving a performance like his folk club sets of the period ... This is the last live performance we have of Bob Dylan before he becomes a star . " 
 The extent to which his work was studied at an academic level was demonstrated on Dylan 's 70th birthday on May 24 , 2011 , when three universities organized symposia on his work . The University of Mainz , the University of Vienna , and the University of Bristol invited literary critics and cultural historians to give papers on aspects of Dylan 's work . Other events , including tribute bands , discussions and simple singalongs , took place around the world , as reported in The Guardian : " From Moscow to Madrid , Norway to Northampton and Malaysia to his home state of Minnesota , self @-@ confessed ' Bobcats ' will gather today to celebrate the 70th birthday of a giant of popular music . " 
 On October 4 , 2011 , Dylan 's label , Egyptian Records , released an album of previously unheard Hank Williams songs , The Lost Notebooks of Hank Williams . Dylan had helped to curate this project , in which songs unfinished when Williams died in 1953 were completed and recorded by a variety of artists , including Dylan himself , his son Jakob Dylan , Levon Helm , Norah Jones , Jack White , and others . 
 On May 29 , 2012 , U.S. President Barack Obama awarded Dylan a Presidential Medal of Freedom in the White House . At the ceremony , Obama praised Dylan 's voice for its " unique gravelly power that redefined not just what music sounded like but the message it carried and how it made people feel " . 
 On September 11 , 2012 , Dylan released his 35th studio album , Tempest . The album features a tribute to John Lennon , " Roll On John " , and the title track is a 14 minute song about the sinking of the Titanic . Reviewing Tempest for Rolling Stone , Will Hermes gave the album five out of five stars , writing : " Lyrically , Dylan is at the top of his game , joking around , dropping wordplay and allegories that evade pat readings and quoting other folks ' words like a freestyle rapper on fire . " Hermes called Tempest " one of [ Dylan 's ] weirdest albums ever " , and opined , " It may also be the single darkest record in Dylan 's catalog . " The critical aggregator website Metacritic awarded the album a score of 83 out of 100 , indicating " universal acclaim " . 
 On August 27 , 2013 , Columbia Records released Volume 10 of Dylan 's Bootleg Series , Another Self Portrait ( 1969 – 1971 ) . The album contained 35 previously unreleased tracks , including alternate takes and demos from Dylan 's 1969 – 1971 recording sessions during the making of the Self Portrait and New Morning albums . The box set also included a live recording of Dylan 's performance with the Band at the Isle of Wight Festival in 1969 . Another Self Portrait received favorable reviews , earning a score of 81 on the critical aggregator , Metacritic , indicating " universal acclaim " . AllMusic critic Thom Jurek wrote , " For fans , this is more than a curiosity , it 's an indispensable addition to the catalog . " 
 On November 4 , 2013 , Columbia Records released Bob Dylan : Complete Album Collection : Vol . One , a boxed set containing all 35 of Dylan 's studio albums , six albums of live recordings , and a collection , entitled Sidetracks , of singles , songs from films and non @-@ album material . The box includes new album @-@ by @-@ album liner notes written by Clinton Heylin with an introduction by Bill Flanagan . On the same date , Columbia released a compilation , The Very Best of Bob Dylan , which is available in both single CD and double CD formats . To publicize the 35 album box set , an innovative video of the song " Like a Rolling Stone " was released on Dylan 's website . The interactive video , created by director Vania Heymann , allowed viewers to switch between 16 simulated TV channels , all featuring characters who are lip @-@ synching the lyrics of the 48 @-@ year @-@ old song . 
 On February 2 , 2014 , Dylan appeared in a commercial for the Chrysler 200 car which was screened during the 2014 Super Bowl American football game . At the end of the commercial , Dylan says : " So let Germany brew your beer , let Switzerland make your watch , let Asia assemble your phone . We will build your car . " Dylan 's Super Bowl commercial generated controversy and op @-@ ed pieces discussing the protectionist implications of his words , and whether the singer had " sold out " to corporate interests . 
 In 2013 and 2014 , auction house sales demonstrated the high cultural value attached to Dylan 's mid @-@ 1960s work , and the record prices that collectors were willing to pay for artefacts from this period . In December 2013 , the Fender Stratocaster which Dylan had played at the 1965 Newport Folk Festival fetched $ 965 @,@ 000 , the second highest price paid for a guitar . In June 2014 , Dylan 's hand @-@ written lyrics of " Like a Rolling Stone " , his 1965 hit single , fetched $ 2 million dollars at auction , a record for a popular music manuscript . 
 On October 28 , 2014 , Simon & Schuster published a massive 960 page , thirteen and a half pound edition of Dylan 's lyrics , Lyrics : Since 1962 . The book was edited by literary critic Christopher Ricks , Julie Nemrow and Lisa Nemrow , to offer variant versions of Dylan 's songs , sourced from out @-@ takes and live performances . A limited edition of 50 books , signed by Dylan , was priced at $ 5 @,@ 000 . " It ’ s the biggest , most expensive book we ’ ve ever published , as far as I know , " said Jonathan Karp , Simon & Schuster ’ s president and publisher . 
 On November 4 , 2014 , Columbia Records / Legacy Recordings released The Basement Tapes Complete by Bob Dylan and The Band . These 138 tracks in a six @-@ CD box form Volume 11 of Dylan 's Bootleg Series . The 1975 album , The Basement Tapes , contained some of the songs which Dylan and the Band recorded in their homes in Woodstock , New York , in 1967 . Subsequently , over 100 recordings and alternate takes have circulated on bootleg records . The sleeve notes for the new box set are by Sid Griffin , American musician and author of Million Dollar Bash : Bob Dylan , The Band , and The Basement Tapes . 
 
 = = = = Shadows in the Night and Fallen Angels = = = = 
 
 On February 3 , 2015 , Dylan released Shadows in the Night , featuring ten songs written between 1923 and 1963 , which have been described as part of the Great American Songbook . All the songs on the album were recorded by Frank Sinatra but both critics and Dylan himself cautioned against seeing the record as a collection of " Sinatra covers " . Dylan explained , " I don 't see myself as covering these songs in any way . They 've been covered enough . Buried , as a matter a fact . What me and my band are basically doing is uncovering them . Lifting them out of the grave and bringing them into the light of day . " In an interview , Dylan said he had been thinking about making this record since hearing Willie Nelson 's 1978 album Stardust . 
 Shadows In the Night received favorable reviews , scoring 82 on the critical aggregator Metacritic , which indicates " universal acclaim " . Critics praised the restrained instrumental backings and Dylan 's singing , saying that the material had elicited his best vocal performances in recent years . Bill Prince in GQ commented : " A performer who 's had to hear his influence in virtually every white pop recording made since he debuted his own self @-@ titled album back in 1962 imagines himself into the songs of his pre @-@ rock 'n'roll early youth . " In The Independent , Andy Gill wrote that the recordings " have a lingering , languid charm , which ... help to liberate the material from the rusting manacles of big @-@ band and cabaret mannerisms . " The album debuted at number one in the UK albums chart in its first week of release . 
 On October 5 , 2015 , IBM launched a marketing campaign for its Watson computer system which featured Dylan . Dylan is seen conversing with the computer which says it has read all his lyrics and reports : " My analysis shows that your major themes are that time passes and love fades . " Dylan replies : " That sounds about right . " 
 On November 6 , 2015 , Sony Music released The Bootleg Series Vol . 12 : The Cutting Edge 1965 – 1966 . This work consists of previously unreleased material from the three albums Dylan recorded Between January 1965 and March 1966 : Bringing It All Back Home , Highway 61 Revisited and Blonde on Blonde . The records have been released in three formats : a 2 @-@ CD " Best Of " version , a 6 @-@ CD " Deluxe edition " , and an 18 @-@ CD " Collector 's Edition " in a limited edition of 5 @,@ 000 units . On Dylan 's website the " Collector 's Edition " was described as containing " every single note recorded by Bob Dylan in the studio in 1965 / 1966 " . The critical aggregator website Metacritic awarded Cutting Edge a score of 99 , indicating universal acclaim . The Best of the Cutting Edge entered the Billboard Top Rock Albums chart at number one on November 18 , based on its first @-@ week sales . 
 On March 2 , 2016 , it was announced that Dylan had sold an extensive archive of about 6 @,@ 000 items to the George Kaiser Family Foundation and the University of Tulsa . It was reported that the sale price was " an estimated $ 15 million to $ 20 million " , and the archive comprises notebooks , drafts of Dylan lyrics , recordings , and correspondence . Filmed material in the collection includes 30 hours of outtakes from the 1965 tour documentary Dont Look Back , 30 hours of footage shot on Dylan 's legendary 1966 electric tour , and 50 hours shot on the 1975 Rolling Thunder Revue . The archive will be housed at Helmerich Center for American Research , a facility at the Gilcrease Museum . 
 On May 20 , 2016 , Dylan released his 37th studio album , Fallen Angels , which was described as " a direct continuation of the work of ' uncovering ' the Great Songbook that he began on last year ’ s Shadows In the Night . " The album contained twelve songs by classic songwriters such as Harold Arlen , Sammy Cahn and Johnny Mercer , eleven of which had been recorded by Sinatra . Jim Farber wrote in Entertainment Weekly : " Tellingly , [ Dylan ] delivers these songs of love lost and cherished not with a burning passion but with the wistfulness of experience . They ’ re memory songs now , intoned with a present sense of commitment . Released just four days ahead of his 75th birthday , they couldn ’ t be more age @-@ appropriate . " The album received a score of 79 on critical aggregator website Metacritic , denoting " generally favorable reviews " . 
 
 = = Never Ending Tour = = 
 
 The Never Ending Tour commenced on June 7 , 1988 , and Dylan has played roughly 100 dates a year for the entirety of the 1990s and 2000s — a heavier schedule than most performers who started out in the 1960s . By May 2013 , Dylan and his band had played more than 2 @,@ 500 shows , anchored by long @-@ time bassist Tony Garnier , drummer George Recile , multi @-@ instrumentalist Donnie Herron , and guitarist Charlie Sexton . To the dismay of some of his audience , Dylan 's performances remain unpredictable as he alters his arrangements and changes his vocal approach night after night . Critical opinion about Dylan 's shows remains divided . Critics such as Richard Williams and Andy Gill have argued that Dylan has found a successful way to present his rich legacy of material . Others have criticized his live performances for mangling and spitting out " the greatest lyrics ever written so that they are effectively unrecognisable " , and giving so little to the audience that " it is difficult to understand what he is doing on stage at all . " 
 Dylan 's performances in China in April 2011 generated controversy . Some criticised him for not making any explicit comment on the political situation in China , and for , allegedly , allowing the Chinese authorities to censor his set list . Others defended Dylan 's performances , arguing that such criticism represented a misunderstanding of Dylan 's art , and that no evidence for the censorship of Dylan 's set list existed . In response to these allegations , Dylan posted a statement on his website : " As far as censorship goes , the Chinese government had asked for the names of the songs that I would be playing . There 's no logical answer to that , so we sent them the set lists from the previous 3 months . If there were any songs , verses or lines censored , nobody ever told me about it and we played all the songs that we intended to play . " 
 Dylan commenced a tour of Japan in Tokyo on April 4 , 2016 , which concluded in Yokohama on April 28 . Dylan announced a tour of the US starting in Woodinville WA on June 4 , 2016 , and finishing in Gilford NH on July 17 . Dylan has also announced his participation in a so @-@ called " Mega @-@ Fest " titled Desert Trip , in California on October 7 , when he will perform at the same event as the Rolling Stones , Neil Young , Paul McCartney , the Who and Roger Waters . 
 
 = = Visual artist = = 
 
 The cover of Dylan 's album Self Portrait ( 1970 ) is a reproduction of a painting of a face by Dylan . Another of his paintings is reproduced on the cover of the 1974 album Planet Waves . In 1994 Random House published Drawn Blank , a book of Dylan 's drawings . In 2007 , the first public exhibition of Dylan 's paintings , The Drawn Blank Series , opened at the Kunstsammlungen in Chemnitz , Germany ; it showcased more than 200 watercolors and gouaches made from the original drawings . The exhibition coincided with the publication of Bob Dylan : The Drawn Blank Series , which includes 170 reproductions from the series . From September 2010 until April 2011 , the National Gallery of Denmark exhibited 40 large @-@ scale acrylic paintings by Dylan , The Brazil Series . 
 In July 2011 , a leading contemporary art gallery , Gagosian Gallery , announced their representation of Dylan 's paintings . An exhibition of Dylan 's art , The Asia Series , opened at the Gagosian Madison Avenue Gallery on September 20 , displaying Dylan 's paintings of scenes in China and the Far East . The New York Times reported that " some fans and Dylanologists have raised questions about whether some of these paintings are based on the singer 's own experiences and observations , or on photographs that are widely available and were not taken by Mr. Dylan . " The Times pointed to close resemblances between Dylan 's paintings and historic photos of Japan and China , and photos taken by Dmitri Kessel and Henri Cartier @-@ Bresson . The Magnum photo agency confirmed that Dylan had licensed the reproduction rights of these photographs . 
 Dylan 's second show at the Gagosian Gallery , Revisionist Art , opened in November 2012 . The show consisted of thirty paintings , transforming and satirizing popular magazines , including Playboy and Babytalk . In February 2013 , Dylan exhibited the New Orleans Series of paintings at the Palazzo Reale in Milan . In August 2013 , Britain 's National Portrait Gallery in London hosted Dylan 's first major UK exhibition , Face Value , featuring twelve pastel portraits . 
 In November 2013 , the Halcyon Gallery , in London , exhibited seven wrought iron gates created by Dylan ( the exhibition was entitled Mood Swings ) . In a statement released by the gallery , Dylan said , " I 've been around iron all my life ever since I was a kid . I was born and raised in iron ore country , where you could breathe it and smell it every day . Gates appeal to me because of the negative space they allow . They can be closed but at the same time they allow the seasons and breezes to enter and flow . They can shut you out or shut you in . And in some ways there is no difference . " 
 Since 1994 , Dylan has published six books of paintings and drawings . 
 
 = = Discography = = 
 
 
 = = Accolades = = 
 
 Dylan has won many awards throughout his career including eleven Grammy Awards , one Academy Award and one Golden Globe Award . He has been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , Nashville Songwriters Hall of Fame , and Songwriters Hall of Fame . In May 2000 , Dylan was awarded the Polar Music Prize . He received the Presidential Medal of Freedom in May 2012 . In February 2015 , Dylan accepted the MusiCares Person of the Year award from the National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences , in recognition of his philanthropic and artistic contributions to society . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 
 = = = Family = = = 
 
 Dylan married Sara Lownds on November 22 , 1965 . Their first child , Jesse Byron Dylan , was born on January 6 , 1966 , and they had three more children : Anna Lea ( born July 11 , 1967 ) , Samuel Isaac Abram ( born July 30 , 1968 ) , and Jakob Luke ( born December 9 , 1969 ) . Dylan also adopted Sara 's daughter from a prior marriage , Maria Lownds ( later Dylan , born October 21 , 1961 ) . Bob and Sara Dylan were divorced on June 29 , 1977 . Maria married musician Peter Himmelman in 1988 . In the 1990s , Dylan 's son Jakob became well known as the lead singer of the band The Wallflowers . Jesse Dylan is a film director and a successful businessman . 
 Desiree Gabrielle Dennis @-@ Dylan , Dylan 's daughter with his backup singer Carolyn Dennis ( often professionally known as Carol Dennis ) , was born on January 31 , 1986 , and Dylan married Carolyn Dennis on June 4 , 1986 . The couple divorced in October 1992 . Their marriage and child remained a closely guarded secret until the publication of Howard Sounes ' Dylan biography , Down the Highway : The Life Of Bob Dylan in 2001 . 
 When not touring , Dylan is believed to live primarily in Point Dume , a promontory on the coast of Malibu , California , though he also owns property around the world . 
 
 = = = Religious beliefs = = = 
 
 Growing up in Hibbing , Minnesota , Dylan and his family were part of the area 's small but close @-@ knit Jewish community , and in May 1954 Dylan had his Bar Mitzvah . Around the time of his 30th birthday , in 1971 , Dylan visited Israel , and also met Rabbi Meir Kahane , founder of the New York @-@ based Jewish Defense League . Time magazine quoted him saying about Kahane , " He 's a really sincere guy . He 's really put it all together . " Subsequently , Dylan downplayed the extent of his contact with Kahane . 
 During the late 1970s and early 1980s , Dylan converted to Christianity . From January to April 1979 , he participated in Bible study classes at the Vineyard School of Discipleship in Reseda , California . Pastor Kenn Gulliksen has recalled : " Larry Myers and Paul Emond went over to Bob 's house and ministered to him . He responded by saying , ' Yes he did in fact want Christ in his life . ' And he prayed that day and received the Lord . " 
 By 1984 , Dylan was distancing himself from the " born again " label . He told Kurt Loder of Rolling Stone magazine : " I 've never said I 'm born again . That 's just a media term . I don 't think I 've been an agnostic . I 've always thought there 's a superior power , that this is not the real world and that there 's a world to come . " In response to Loder 's asking whether he belonged to any church or synagogue , Dylan laughingly replied , " Not really . Uh , the Church of the Poison Mind . " In 1997 he told David Gates of Newsweek : 
 Here 's the thing with me and the religious thing . This is the flat @-@ out truth : I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music . I don 't find it anywhere else . Songs like " Let Me Rest on a Peaceful Mountain " or " I Saw the Light " — that 's my religion . I don 't adhere to rabbis , preachers , evangelists , all of that . I 've learned more from the songs than I 've learned from any of this kind of entity . The songs are my lexicon . I believe the songs . 
 In an interview published in The New York Times on September 28 , 1997 , journalist Jon Pareles reported that " Dylan says he now subscribes to no organized religion . " 
 Dylan has been a supporter of the Chabad Lubavitch movement in the last 20 years , and has privately participated in Jewish religious events , including the Bar Mitzvahs of his sons and attending Hadar Hatorah , a Chabad Lubavitch yeshiva . In September 1989 and September 1991 , he appeared on the Chabad telethon . Dylan reportedly visits Chabad synagogues ; on Yom Kippur in 2007 he attended Congregation Beth Tefillah , in Atlanta , Georgia , where he was called to the Torah for the sixth aliyah . 
 Dylan has continued to perform songs from his gospel albums in concert , occasionally covering traditional religious songs . He has also made passing references to his religious faith — such as in a 2004 interview with 60 Minutes , when he told Ed Bradley that " the only person you have to think twice about lying to is either yourself or to God . " He also explained his constant touring schedule as part of a bargain he made a long time ago with the " chief commander — in this earth and in the world we can 't see . " 
 In a 2009 interview with Bill Flanagan promoting Dylan 's Christmas LP , Christmas in the Heart , Flanagan commented on the " heroic performance " Dylan gave of " O Little Town of Bethlehem " and that he " delivered the song like a true believer " . Dylan replied : " Well , I am a true believer . " 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Dylan has been described as one of the most influential figures of the 20th century , musically and culturally . He was included in the Time 100 : The Most Important People of the Century where he was called " master poet , caustic social critic and intrepid , guiding spirit of the counterculture generation " . In 2008 , The Pulitzer Prize jury awarded him a special citation for " his profound impact on popular music and American culture , marked by lyrical compositions of extraordinary poetic power . " President Barack Obama said of Dylan in 2012 , " There is not a bigger giant in the history of American music . " In their 2008 assessment of the " 100 Greatest Singers " , Rolling Stone magazine ranked him at number seven . Rolling Stone then ranked Dylan at number two in its 2011 list of " 100 Greatest Artists " of all time , while " Like A Rolling Stone " was listed as the " Greatest Song of all Time . " In 2008 , it was estimated that Dylan had sold about 120 million albums worldwide . 
 Initially modeling his writing style on the songs of Woody Guthrie , the blues of Robert Johnson , and what he termed the " architectural forms " of Hank Williams songs , Dylan added increasingly sophisticated lyrical techniques to the folk music of the early 1960s , infusing it " with the intellectualism of classic literature and poetry " . Paul Simon suggested that Dylan 's early compositions virtually took over the folk genre : " [ Dylan 's ] early songs were very rich ... with strong melodies . ' Blowin ' in the Wind ' has a really strong melody . He so enlarged himself through the folk background that he incorporated it for a while . He defined the genre for a while . " 
 When Dylan made his move from acoustic folk and blues music to a rock backing , the mix became more complex . For many critics , his greatest achievement was the cultural synthesis exemplified by his mid @-@ 1960s trilogy of albums — Bringing It All Back Home , Highway 61 Revisited and Blonde on Blonde . In Mike Marqusee 's words : 
 Between late 1964 and the middle of 1966 , Dylan created a body of work that remains unique . Drawing on folk , blues , country , R & B , rock 'n'roll , gospel , British beat , symbolist , modernist and Beat poetry , surrealism and Dada , advertising jargon and social commentary , Fellini and Mad magazine , he forged a coherent and original artistic voice and vision . The beauty of these albums retains the power to shock and console . " 
 Dylan 's lyrics began to receive detailed scrutiny from academics and poets . Literary critic Christopher Ricks published a 500 @-@ page analysis of Dylan 's work , placing him in the context of Eliot , Keats and Tennyson , claiming that Dylan was a poet worthy of the same close analysis . Former British poet laureate Sir Andrew Motion argued that his lyrics should be studied in schools . Since 1996 , academics have lobbied the Swedish Academy to award Dylan the Nobel Prize in Literature . 
 Dylan 's voice also received critical attention . New York Times critic Robert Shelton described his early vocal style as " a rusty voice suggesting Guthrie 's old performances , etched in gravel like Dave Van Ronk 's . " David Bowie , in his tribute , " Song for Bob Dylan " , described Dylan 's singing as " a voice like sand and glue " . His voice continued to develop as he began to work with rock 'n'roll backing bands ; critic Michael Gray described the sound of Dylan 's vocal work on " Like a Rolling Stone " as " at once young and jeeringly cynical " . As Dylan 's voice aged during the 1980s , for some critics , it became more expressive . Christophe Lebold writes in the journal Oral Tradition , " Dylan 's more recent broken voice enables him to present a world view at the sonic surface of the songs — this voice carries us across the landscape of a broken , fallen world . The anatomy of a broken world in " Everything is Broken " ( on the album Oh Mercy ) is but an example of how the thematic concern with all things broken is grounded in a concrete sonic reality . " 
 Dylan is considered a seminal influence on several musical genres , especially folk rock , country rock and Christian rock . As Edna Gundersen stated in USA Today : " Dylan 's musical DNA has informed nearly every simple twist of pop since 1962 . " Punk musician Joe Strummer praised Dylan for having " laid down the template for lyric , tune , seriousness , spirituality , depth of rock music . " Other major musicians who acknowledged Dylan 's importance include Johnny Cash , Jerry Garcia , John Lennon , Paul McCartney , Pete Townshend , Neil Young , Bruce Springsteen , David Bowie , Bryan Ferry , Nick Cave , Patti Smith , Syd Barrett Joni Mitchell , and Tom Waits . Dylan significantly contributed to the initial success of both the Byrds and the Band : the Byrds achieved chart success with their version of " Mr. Tambourine Man " and the subsequent album , while the Band were Dylan 's backing band on his 1966 tour , recorded The Basement Tapes with him in 1967 , and featured three previously unreleased Dylan songs on their debut album . 
 Some critics have dissented from the view of Dylan as a visionary figure in popular music . In his book Awopbopaloobop Alopbamboom , Nik Cohn objected : " I can 't take the vision of Dylan as seer , as teenage messiah , as everything else he 's been worshipped as . The way I see him , he 's a minor talent with a major gift for self @-@ hype . " Australian critic Jack Marx credited Dylan with changing the persona of the rock star : " What cannot be disputed is that Dylan invented the arrogant , faux @-@ cerebral posturing that has been the dominant style in rock since , with everyone from Mick Jagger to Eminem educating themselves from the Dylan handbook . " 
 Fellow musicians also presented dissenting views . Joni Mitchell described Dylan as a " plagiarist " and his voice as " fake " in a 2010 interview in the Los Angeles Times , in response to a suggestion that she and Dylan were similar since they had both created personas . Mitchell 's comment led to discussions of Dylan 's use of other people 's material , both supporting and criticizing him . In 2013 Mitchell told the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation ( CBC ) in an interview that her remarks in the Los Angeles Times had been taken " completely out of context " , and that the interviewer was a " moron " . Mitchell added : " I like a lot of Bob 's songs . Musically he 's not very gifted . He 's borrowed his voice from old hillbillies . He 's got a lot of borrowed things . He 's not a great guitar player . He 's invented a character to deliver his songs . " 
 Talking to Mikal Gilmore in Rolling Stone in 2012 , Dylan responded to the allegation of plagiarism , including his use of Henry Timrod 's verse in his album Modern Times , by saying that it was " part of the tradition " . 
 If Dylan 's work in the 1960s was seen as bringing intellectual ambition to popular music , critics in the 21st century described him as a figure who had greatly expanded the folk culture from which he initially emerged . Following the release of Todd Haynes ' Dylan biopic I 'm Not There , J. Hoberman wrote in his 2007 Village Voice review : 
 Elvis might never have been born , but someone else would surely have brought the world rock ' n ' roll . No such logic accounts for Bob Dylan . No iron law of history demanded that a would @-@ be Elvis from Hibbing , Minnesota , would swerve through the Greenwich Village folk revival to become the world 's first and greatest rock ' n ' roll beatnik bard and then — having achieved fame and adoration beyond reckoning — vanish into a folk tradition of his own making . 
 Prior to the June 2014 sale of the original lyrics of " Like a Rolling Stone " , written on four sheets of hotel stationery by Dylan in 1965 , Richard Austin , of Sotheby 's , New York , said : " Before the release of Like a Rolling Stone , music charts were overrun with short and sweet love songs , many clocking in at three minutes or less . By defying convention with six and a half minutes of dark , brooding poetry , Dylan rewrote the rules for pop music . " 
 
 
 = Stephanolepis cirrhifer = 
 
 Stephanolepis cirrhifer , commonly known as the thread @-@ sail filefish , is a species of marine fish in the family Monacanthidae . It is found in the western Pacific , in an area that ranges from northern Japan to the East China Sea , to Korea . Other common names for the fish include " Kawahagi " ( Japanese ) and " Jwi @-@ chi " ( Korean ) . The fish grows to a maximum length of about 12 inches ( 30 centimetres ) , and consumes both plant material and small marine organisms like skeleton shrimp . S. cirrhifer is host of the parasite Peniculus minuticaudae . Some minor genetic differentiation between S. cirrhifer born in the wild and those bred in a hatchery for consumer use has been shown . The fish is edible and sold commercially for culinary purposes in many Asian countries . 
 
 = = Taxonomy = = 
 
 The fish was first described in 1850 by Coenraad Jacob Temminck and Hermann Schlegel , when it was observed along with other fauna off the coasts of Japan . They initially placed it in the genus Monacanthus , as Monacanthus cirrhifer ; however , it was transferred to the genus Stephanolepis by David Starr Jordan and Henry Weed Fowler in 1903 . The species name derives from the Latin word cirrhifer , which means " bearing fringes of hair " . 
 Other common names : 
 Japanese - Kawahagi 
 Korean - Jwi @-@ chi 
 English - File fish , Fool fish , Porky 
 Russian - Small striped triggerfish ( Спинорог малый полосатый ) 
 
 = = Description and habitat = = 
 
 Thread @-@ sail filefish grow to a maximum adult length of about 30 centimetres ( 12 inches ) . The first dorsal fin is a strong retractable ( folding backwards ) spine . The second dorsal fin and anal fin are soft . They have comparatively small pectoral fins and truncated , fan @-@ shaped tail fins . The dorsal and anal fins are colorless . Their second dorsal , anal and caudal fins rounded . In males , 1 @-@ 3 soft dorsal fin rays extended as filaments ; the first ray has a particularly long thread . The fish have a small abdominal spike . The fish are colored from light brown , to grayish- to light greenish @-@ beige , and are slightly patterned with irregular , broken stripes that range from medium brown to blackish . 
 Juveniles of the species usually seek shelter and safety from predators within clusters of drifting seaweed . The adult thread @-@ sail filefish usually reside near the seabed , where the depth is around 10 metres ( 33 feet ) . The fish migrate wholly in ocean waters ( " oceanodromous " ) between their feeding and spawning grounds , which can cover a range of over 100 kilometres ( 62 miles ) . The spawning season lasts from May to August . Juveniles under 5 centimetres ( 2 @.@ 0 inches ) inhabit shallow water and feed on small crustaceans , mollusks and algae . Adult fish are mostly solitary and live among the coral and seaweeds . 
 
 = = Ecology = = 
 
 The thread @-@ sail filefish is an omnivore , and can feed on plant or animal matter . Its diet includes kelp , but consists mainly of amphipods such as gammarids and skeleton shrimp , as well as the seagrass species Zostera marina . The fish also feeds upon smaller organisms , including bryozoans and some species of serpulid tube worms . 
 Thread @-@ sail filefish feed on fish , amphipods , isopods , cirripeds , polychaetes , pelecypods , seaweeds such as those of the genus Sargassum ; and gelatinous plankton , such as the moon jellyfish Aurelia sp. and the giant jellyfish Nemopilema nomurai . 
 S. cirrhifer is host of the pennellid copepod parasite Peniculus minuticaudae , which mostly infects the fins of the female fish . 
 
 = = Uses = = 
 
 The thread @-@ sail filefish is cultured and sold commercially as food in Asian countries , including Korea and Japan . The demand for the fish in Korea is very high , and fisheries often employ the services of fish hatcheries for breeding more of the fish to supplement and enhance the supply of stock . This has been done to such a degree that some . As many as 95 alleles have been found to be unique to one of the populations , resulting from minor variations in certain genes that occur exclusively within either population ; genetic differentiation between S. cirrhifer born in the wild and those bred in a hatchery has apparently occurred . 
 
 
 = Mogadishu = 
 
 Mogadishu ( / ˌmɔːɡəˈdiːʃuː / ; Somali : Muqdisho ; Arabic : مقديشو Maqadīshū ) , known locally as Hamar , is the capital and most populous city of Somalia . Located in the coastal Banaadir region on the Indian Ocean , the city has served as an important port for millennia . As of 2015 , it had a population of 2 @,@ 120 @,@ 000 residents . 
 Tradition and old records assert that southern Somalia , including the Mogadishu area , was historically inhabited by hunter @-@ gatherers . These were later joined by Cushitic agro @-@ pastoralists , who would go on to establish local aristocracies . During its medieval Golden Age , Mogadishu was ruled by the Muzaffar dynasty , a vassal of the Ajuran Sultanate . It subsequently fell under the control of an assortment of local Sultanates and polities , most notably the Geledi Sultanate . The city later became the capital of Italian Somaliland ( 1889 @-@ 1936 ) in the colonial period . After the Somali Republic became independent in 1960 , Mogadishu became known and promoted as the White Pearl of the Indian Ocean . After the ousting of the Siad Barre regime in 1991 and the ensuing civil war , various militias fought for control of the city , later to be replaced by the Islamic Courts Union in the mid @-@ 2000s . The ICU thereafter splintered into more radical groups , notably Al @-@ Shabaab , which fought the Transitional Federal Government ( 2004 @-@ 2012 ) and its AMISOM allies . With a change in administration in late 2010 , government troops and their military partners had succeeded in forcing out Al @-@ Shabaab by August 2011 . Mogadishu has subsequently experienced a period of intense reconstruction . 
 As Somalia 's capital city , many important national institutions are based in Mogadishu . It is the seat of the Federal Government of Somalia established in August 2012 , with the Somalia Federal Parliament serving as the government 's legislative branch . Yusuf Hussein Jimaale has been the Mayor of Mogadishu since October 2015 . Villa Somalia is the official residential palace and principal workplace of the President of Somalia , Hassan Sheikh Mohamud . In May 2012 , the First Somali Bank was established in the capital , which organized Mogadishu 's first ever Technology , Entertainment , Design ( TEDx ) conference . The establishment of a local construction yard has also galvanized the city 's real @-@ estate sector . Arba 'a Rukun Mosque is one of the oldest Islamic places of worship in the capital , built circa 667 ( 1268 / 9 AD ) . The Mosque of Islamic Solidarity in Mogadishu is the largest masjid in the Horn region . Mogadishu Cathedral was built in 1928 by the colonial authorities in Italian Somaliland in a Norman Gothic style , and served as the traditional seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio . The National Museum of Somalia is based in Mogadishu and holds many culturally important artefacts . The National Library of Somalia is undergoing a $ 1 million Somali federal government funded renovation , including a new library complex . 
 Mogadishu is home to a number of scholastic and media institutions . As part of the municipality 's urban renewal program , 100 schools across the capital are scheduled to be refurbished and reopened . The Somali National University ( SNU ) was established in the 1950s , and professors from the university later founded the non @-@ governmental Mogadishu University ( MU ) . Benadir University ( BU ) was established in 2002 with the intention of training doctors . Various national sporting bodies have their headquarters in Mogadishu , including the Somali Football Federation and the Somali Olympic Committee . Mogadishu Stadium was constructed in 1978 during the Siad Barre administration , with the assistance of Chinese engineers . It hosts football matches with teams from the Somalia League and the Somalia Cup . Additionally , the Port of Mogadishu serves as a major national seaport and is the largest harbour in Somalia . Mogadishu International Airport , the capital 's main airport , is the hub of the relaunched national carrier Somali Airlines . 
 
 = = Etymology = = 
 
 The origins of the name Mogadishu ( Muqdisho ) has many theories but it is most likely derived from a morphology of the Persian words Maq 'ad @-@ i @-@ Shah For a long time , it was thought to be derived from the Persian Maq 'ad @-@ i @-@ Shah ( مقعد شاه ) , which means " the seat of the Shah " ( a reflection of the city 's early Persian influence ) . It is known locally as Xamar ( English : Hamar ) . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Early history = = = 
 
 Tradition and old records assert that southern Somalia , including the Mogadishu area , was inhabited very early by hunter @-@ gatherers of Khoisan descent . Although most of these early inhabitants are believed to have been either overwhelmed , driven away or , in some cases , assimilated by later migrants to the area , physical traces of their occupation survive in certain ethnic minority groups inhabiting modern @-@ day Jubaland and other parts of the south . The latter descendants include relict populations such as the Eile , Aweer , the Wa @-@ Ribi , and especially the Wa @-@ Boni . By the time of the arrival of peoples from the Cushitic Rahanweyn ( Digil and Mirifle ) clan confederacy , who would go on to establish a local aristocracy , other Cushitic groups affiliated with the Oromo ( Wardai ) and Ajuuraan ( Ma 'adanle ) had already formed settlements of their own in the sub @-@ region . 
 The ancient city of Sarapion is believed to have been the predecessor state of Mogadishu . It is mentioned in the Periplus of the Erythraean Sea , a Greek travel document dating from the first century AD , as one of a series of commercial ports on the Somali littoral . According to the Periplus , maritime trade already connected peoples in the Mogadishu area with other communities along the Indian Ocean coast . 
 The Sultanate of Mogadishu later developed with the immigration of Emozeidi Arabs , a community whose earliest presence dates back to the 9th or 10th century . This evolved into the Muzaffar dynasty , a joint Somali @-@ Arab federation of rulers , and Mogadishu became closely linked with the powerful Somali Ajuran Sultanate . Following his visit to the city , the 12th century Syrian historian Yaqut al @-@ Hamawi wrote that it was inhabited by dark @-@ skinned Berbers , the ancestors of the modern Somalis . 
 For many years , Mogadishu stood as the pre @-@ eminent city in the Bilad @-@ ul @-@ Barbar ( بلاد البربر ) , meaning " Land of the Berbers , " which was the medieval Arabic term for the Somali coast . By the time of the Moroccan traveller Ibn Battuta 's appearance on the Somali coast in 1331 , the city was at the zenith of its prosperity . He described Mogadishu as " an exceedingly large city " with many rich merchants , which was famous for the high quality fabric that it exported to destinations including Egypt . Batutta added that the city was ruled by a Somali Sultan , Abu Bakr ibn Sayx ' Umar , who was originally from Barbara in northern Somalia and spoke both Somali ( referred to by Battuta as Mogadishan , the Benadir dialect of Somali ) and Arabic with equal fluency . The Sultan also had a retinue of wazirs ( ministers ) , legal experts , commanders , royal eunuchs , and other officials at his service . 
 Additionally , there appears to have been a strong Persian presence in both Mogadishu and Zeila for a time . A Shi 'a influence can still be seen in some areas , as in the southern Somalia veneration of Fatimah , the Prophet Muhammad 's daughter . This fact is also reflected in the etymology of the city 's name , which derives from the Persian Maq 'ad @-@ i @-@ Shah ( مقعد شاه ) and means " the seat of the Shah . " 
 The Portuguese would subsequently attempt to occupy the city , but never managed to take it . In his journal of an expedition to the region in 1497 @-@ 1499 , the explorer João de Sá , who accompanied Vasco da Gama on the voyage , wrote that Magadoxo ( Mogadishu ) was controlled by Moors . A big town surrounded by four towers , it had houses several storeys high and large palaces in its center . De Sá and his men bombarded the city before continuing southwards along the seaboard . The Hawiye Somali , however , were later successful in defeating the Ajuran State and bringing about the end of Muzaffar rule . 
 
 = = = Sultanates ( 1800s – 1900s ) = = = 
 
 By 1892 , Mogadishu was under the joint control of the Somali Sultanate of the Geledi and the Omani Sultanate of Zanzibar . The Geledi Sultans were at the height of their power . They dominated the southern ivory trade , and also held sway over the Jubba and Shebelle valleys in the hinterland . The Omani Sultans ' authority in Mogadishu , however , was largely nominal . When Imam Azzan bin Qais of Oman sought to build a fort in the city , he was thus obligated to request permission from Sultan Ahmed Yusuf of Geledi . This Fort of Garessa was eventually constructed in 1870 . The Sultan of Zanzibar later leased and then sold the infrastructure that he had built to the Italians , but not the land itself , which was Somali owned . 
 
 = = = Italian Somaliland ( late 1800s @-@ 1960 ) = = = 
 
 In 1905 , Italy made Mogadishu the capital of the newly established Italian Somaliland . The Italians subsequently referred to the city as Mogadiscio . After World War I , the surrounding territory came under Italian control with some resistance . 
 Thousands of Italians settled in Mogadishu and founded small manufacturing companies . They also developed some agricultural areas in the south near the capital , such as Janale and the Villaggio duca degli Abruzzi ( present @-@ day Jowhar ) . In the 1930s , new buildings and avenues were built . A 114 km ( 71 mi ) narrow @-@ gauge railway was laid from Mogadishu to Jowhar . An asphalted road , the Strada Imperiale , was also constructed and intended to link Mogadishu to Addis Ababa . 
 In 1940 , the Italo @-@ Somali population numbered 22 @,@ 000 , accounting for over 44 % of the city 's population of 50 @,@ 000 residents . Mogadishu remained the capital of Italian Somaliland throughout the latter polity 's existence . In World War II it was captured by British forces in February 1941 . 
 After World War II Mogadishu was made the capital of the Trust Territory of Somaliland , an Italian administered fiduciary political entity under the ONU mandate , for ten years ( 1950 – 1960 ) . 
 
 = = = Somali Republic ( 1960 – 1990 ) = = = 
 
 British Somaliland became independent on 26 June 1960 as the State of Somaliland , and the Trust Territory of Somalia ( the former Italian Somaliland ) followed suit five days later . On 1 July 1960 , the two territories united to form the Somali Republic , with Mogadishu serving as the nation 's capital . A government was formed by Abdullahi Issa and other members of the trusteeship and protectorate governments , with Haji Bashir Ismail Yusuf as President of the Somali National Assembly , Aden Abdullah Osman Daar as President of the Somali Republic , and Abdirashid Ali Shermarke as Prime Minister ( later to become President from 1967 to 1969 ) . On 20 July 1961 and through a popular referendum , the people of Somalia ratified a new constitution , which was first drafted in 1960 . In 1967 , Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal became Prime Minister , a position to which he was appointed by Shermarke . 
 On 15 October 1969 , while paying a visit to the northern town of Las Anod , Somalia 's then President Abdirashid Ali Shermarke was assassinated by one of his own bodyguards . His assassination was quickly followed by a military coup d 'état on 21 October 1969 ( the day after his funeral ) , in which the Somali Army seized power without encountering armed opposition — essentially a bloodless takeover . The putsch was spearheaded by Major General Mohamed Siad Barre , who at the time commanded the army . 
 Alongside Barre , the Supreme Revolutionary Council ( SRC ) that assumed power after President Sharmarke 's assassination was led by Lieutenant Colonel Salaad Gabeyre Kediye and Chief of Police Jama Korshel . Kediye officially held the title of " Father of the Revolution , " and Barre shortly afterwards became the head of the SRC . The SRC subsequently renamed the country the Somali Democratic Republic , arrested members of the former civilian government , banned political parties , dissolved the parliament and the Supreme Court , and suspended the constitution . 
 The revolutionary army established various large @-@ scale public works programmes , including the Mogadishu Stadium . In addition to a nationalization programme of industry and land , the Mogadishu @-@ based new regime 's foreign policy placed an emphasis on Somalia 's traditional and religious links with the Arab world , eventually joining the Arab League in 1974 . 
 After fallout from the unsuccessful Ogaden campaign of the late 1970s , the Barre administration began arresting government and military officials under suspicion of participation in the abortive 1978 coup d 'état . Most of the people who had allegedly helped plot the putsch were summarily executed . However , several officials managed to escape abroad and started to form the first of various dissident groups dedicated to ousting Barre 's regime by force . 
 
 = = = Civil war = = = 
 
 By the late 1980s , Barre 's regime had become increasingly unpopular . The authorities became ever more totalitarian , and resistance movements , encouraged by Ethiopia 's communist Derg administration , sprang up across the country . This eventually led in 1991 to the outbreak of the civil war , the toppling of Barre 's government , and the disbandment of the Somali National Army . Many of the opposition groups subsequently began competing for influence in the power vacuum that followed the ouster of Barre 's regime . Armed factions led by United Somali Congress commanders General Mohamed Farah Aidid and Ali Mahdi Mohamed , in particular , clashed as each sought to exert authority over the capital . 
 UN Security Council Resolution 733 and UN Security Council Resolution 746 led to the creation of UNOSOM I , the first stabilization mission in Somalia after the dissolution of the central government . United Nations Security Council Resolution 794 was unanimously passed on 3 December 1992 , which approved a coalition of United Nations peacekeepers led by the United States . Forming the Unified Task Force ( UNITAF ) , the alliance was tasked with assuring security until humanitarian efforts were transferred to the UN . Landing in 1993 , the UN peacekeeping coalition started the two @-@ year United Nations Operation in Somalia II ( UNOSOM II ) primarily in the south . 
 Some of the militias that were then competing for power interpreted the UN troops ' presence as a threat to their hegemony . Consequently , several gun battles took place in Mogadishu between local gunmen and peacekeepers . Among these was the Battle of Mogadishu of 1993 , a successful attempt by US troops to apprehend two high @-@ ranking lieutenants of faction leader Aidid . The UN soldiers eventually withdrew altogether from the country on 3 March 1995 , having incurred more significant casualties . 
 In 2006 , the Islamic Courts Union ( ICU ) , an Islamist organization , assumed control of much of the southern part of the country and promptly imposed Shari 'a law . The new Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) , established two years earlier , sought to re @-@ establish its authority . With the assistance of Ethiopian troops , AMISOM peacekeepers and air support by the United States , it managed to drive out the rival ICU and solidify its rule . On 8 January 2007 , as the Battle of Ras Kamboni raged , TFG President and founder Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmed , a former colonel in the Somali Army , entered Mogadishu for the first time since being elected to office . The government then relocated to Villa Somalia in Mogadishu from its interim location in Baidoa , marking the first time since the fall of the Barre regime in 1991 that the federal government controlled most of the country . 
 Following this defeat , the Islamic Courts Union splintered into several different factions . Some of the more radical elements , including Al @-@ Shabaab , regrouped to continue their insurgency against the TFG and oppose the Ethiopian military 's presence in Somalia . Throughout 2007 and 2008 , Al @-@ Shabaab scored military victories , seizing control of key towns and ports in both central and southern Somalia . At the end of 2008 , the group had captured Baidoa but not Mogadishu . By January 2009 , Al @-@ Shabaab and other militias had managed to force the Ethiopian troops to retreat , leaving behind an under @-@ equipped African Union peacekeeping force to assist the Transitional Federal Government 's troops . 
 Between 31 May and 9 June 2008 , representatives of Somalia 's federal government and the moderate Alliance for the Re @-@ liberation of Somalia ( ARS ) group of Islamist rebels participated in peace talks in Djibouti brokered by the UN . The conference ended with a signed agreement calling for the withdrawal of Ethiopian troops in exchange for the cessation of armed confrontation . Parliament was subsequently expanded to 550 seats to accommodate ARS members , which then elected a new president . With the help of a small team of African Union troops , the coalition government also began a counteroffensive in February 2009 to retake control of the southern half of the country . To solidify its control of southern Somalia , the TFG formed an alliance with the Islamic Courts Union , other members of the Alliance for the Re @-@ liberation of Somalia , and Ahlu Sunna Waljama 'a , a moderate Sufi militia . 
 In November 2010 , a new technocratic government was elected to office , which enacted numerous reforms , especially in the security sector . By August 2011 , the new administration and its AMISOM allies had managed to capture all of Mogadishu from the Al @-@ Shabaab militants . Mogadishu has subsequently experienced a period of intense reconstruction spearheaded by the Somali diaspora , the municipal authorities , and Turkey , a historic ally of Somalia . 
 
 = = = Reconstruction = = = 
 
 In August 2011 , militant group al Shabaab made a strategic withdrawal from Mogadishu to return to hit @-@ and @-@ run tactics . Mayor Mohamed Nur recognized the opportunity as critical to stabilizing and rebuilding the city by any means necessary . Working closely with the UN , USAID , and DRC , Nur 's administration also started large @-@ scale rehabilitation of roads and general infrastructure , with residents closely cooperating with the civil and police authorities to tighten up on security . Nur recognized the opportunity to transform Mogadishu although resources were limited . Working closely with urban strategist Mitchell Sipus , the Benadir government sought to design and deploy a data @-@ driven approach to post @-@ war reconstruction . 
 With the passing of a new Constitution in 2012 and the subsequent election of an inaugural President in the new Federal Government , the mayorship continued to oversee Mogadishu 's ongoing post @-@ conflict reconstruction . Building off the initial pilot , the Benadir administration launched a city @-@ wide street naming , house numbering and postal codes project . Officially called the House Numbering and Post Code System , it is a joint initiative of the municipal authorities and Somali business community representatives . According to Nur , the initiative also aims to help the authorities firm up on security and resolve housing ownership disputes . As of 2016 , there are postal codes for 176 localities and sub @-@ localities , including the Mogadishu metropolitan area . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 Mogadishu is situated on the Indian Ocean coast of the Horn of Africa , in the Banaadir administrative region ( gobol ) in southeastern Somalia . The region itself is coextensive with the city and is much smaller than the historical province of Benadir . The city is administratively divided into the districts of Abdiaziz , Bondhere , Daynile , Dharkenley , Hamar @-@ Jajab , Hamar @-@ Weyne , Heliwa , Hodan , Howl @-@ Wadag , Karan , Shangani , Shibis , Waberi , Wadajir , Wardhigley and Yaqshid . Features of the city include the Hamarwein old town , the Bakaara Market , and Gezira Beach . The sandy beaches of Mogadishu have vibrant coral reefs , and are prime real estate for the first tourist resorts in many years . 
 The Shebelle River ( Webiga Shabelle ) rises in central Ethiopia and comes within 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) of the Indian Ocean near Mogadishu before turning southwestward . Usually dry during February and March , the river provides water essential for the cultivation of sugarcane , cotton , and bananas . 
 
 = = = Climate = = = 
 
 For a city situated so near the equator , Mogadishu has a relatively dry climate . It is classified as hot and semi @-@ arid ( Köppen climate classification BSh ) , as with much of southeastern Somalia . By contrast , towns in northern Somalia generally have a hot arid climate ( Köppen BWh ) . 
 Mogadishu is located in or near the tropical thorn woodland biome of the Holdridge global bioclimatic scheme . The mean temperature in the city year round is 27 ° C , with an average maximum of 30 ° C and an average minimum of 24 ° C. Mean temperature readings per month vary by 3 ° C ( 5 @.@ 4 ° F ) , corresponding with a hyperoceanic and subtype truly hyperoceanic continentality type . Precipitation per year averages 429 @.@ 2 millimetres ( 16 @.@ 9 in ) . There are 47 wet days annually , which are associated with a 12 % daily probability of rainfall . The city has an average of 3 @,@ 066 hours of sunshine per year , with 8 @.@ 4 hours of sunlight per day . Mean daylight hours and minutes per day are 8h 24 ' . The annual percentage of sunny versus cloudy daylight hours is 70 and 30 , respectively . Average sun altitude at solar noon on the 21st day of the month is 75 . 
 
 = = Government = = 
 
 
 = = = Federal = = = 
 
 The Transitional Federal Government ( TFG ) was the internationally recognized central government of Somalia between 2004 and 2012 . Based in Mogadishu , it constituted the executive branch of government . 
 The Federal Government of Somalia was established on 20 August 2012 , concurrent with the end of the TFG 's interim mandate . It represents the first permanent central government in the country since the start of the civil war . The Federal Parliament of Somalia serves as the government 's legislative branch . 
 
 = = = Municipal = = = 
 
 Mogadishu 's municipal government is currently led by Yusuf Hussein Jimaale , who succeeded Mayor Hassan Mohamed Hussein Mungab , a former military court chairman . Among the administration 's development initiatives are a US $ 100 million urban renewal project , the creation of garbage disposal and incineration plants , the launch of a city @-@ wide cleanup project , the creation of asphalt and cement plants , rehabilitation of the Town Hall and parliament buildings , reconstruction of the former Defence Ministry offices , reconstruction of correctional facilities , rehabilitation and construction of health facilities , establishment of a Police Training Center and a permanent base in Jasiira for the new Somali Armed Forces , rebuilding of the Somali Postal Service headquarters , and rehabilitation of public playgrounds in several districts . In January 2014 , the Benadir administration launched the House Numbering and Post Code System . It also began distributing national identity cards in March of the same year . In addition , the municipal authorities started renovating important local government centers in September 2014 , including the capital 's former Fisho Guverno compound . In January 2015 , the Benadir administration also opened a new Health & Safety Office to supervise health and safety practices in the city , and launched a municipal beautification campaign ahead of various international conferences that are slated to be held there . 
 In March 2015 , the Benadir administration completed the SECIL project in conjunction with the EU and UNHABITAT . The 3 @.@ 5 million EUR initiative lasted three and a half years , and saw the establishment in Mogadishu of a new sustainable waste collection system , a Technical Training Centre , water quality testing laboratories , ameliorated access to clean drinking water , improved employment and livelihood opportunities in the low @-@ cost fuel production sector , strengthened skills training and regulation in the construction sector , and laboratories for the testing of construction material quality . 
 
 = = = Diplomatic missions = = = 
 
 A number of countries maintain foreign embassies and consulates in Mogadishu . As of January 2014 , these diplomatic missions include the embassies of Djibouti , Ethiopia , Sudan , Libya , Yemen , Saudi Arabia , Turkey , Iran , Uganda , Nigeria , the United Kingdom , Japan , China , and Qatar . Embassies that are scheduled to reopen in the city include those of Egypt , the United Arab Emirates , Italy and South Korea . 
 In May 2015 , in recognition of the sociopolitical progress made in Somalia and its return to effective governance , US Secretary of State John Kerry announced a preliminary plan to reestablish the US embassy in Mogadishu . He indicated that although there was no set timetable for the premises ' relaunch , the US government had immediately begun upgrading its diplomatic representation in the country . President of Somalia Hassan Sheikh Mohamud and Prime Minister Omar Abdirashid Ali Sharmarke also presented to Kerry the real estate deed for land reserved for the new US embassy compound . Mohamud concurrently signed an Establishment Agreement with the EU Head of Delegation in Somalia Michele Cervone d ’ Urso , which facilitates the opening of more embassies in Mogadishu by European Union member states . The EU also announced that it had opened a new EU Delegation office in the city . 
 In February 2014 , Somalia 's Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation Abdirahman Duale Beyle announced that the federal government was slated to reopen the former Institute of Diplomacy in Mogadishu . The center historically served as one of the most important national institutions for diplomacy and international relations . Beyle also pledged to reestablish the institute 's diplomacy department , its information and broadcasting department , as well as its library . 
 
 = = Economy = = 
 
 Mogadishu traditionally served as a commercial and financial centre . Before the importation of mass @-@ produced cloth from Europe and America , the city 's textiles were forwarded far and wide throughout the interior of the continent , as well as to the Arabian peninsula and as far as the Persian coast . 
 Mogadishu 's economy has grown rapidly since the city 's pacification in mid 2011 . The SomalFruit processing factory was reopened , as was the local Coca Cola factory , which was also refurbished . In May 2012 , the First Somali Bank was established in the capital , representing the first commercial bank to open in southern Somalia since 1991 . The Somali civil engineer and entrepreneur Nasra Agil also opened the city 's first dollar store . Additionally , the Historic Central Bank was regenerated , with the Moumin Business Center likewise under construction . 
 The galvanization of Mogadishu 's real estate sector was in part facilitated by the establishment of a local construction yard in November 2012 by the Municipality of Istanbul and the Turkish Red Crescent . With 50 construction trucks and machines imported from Turkey , the yard produces concrete , asphalt and paving stones for building projects . The Istanbul Municipality was also scheduled to bring in 100 specialists to accelerate the construction initiative , which ultimately aims to modernize the capital 's infrastructure and serve it over the long @-@ term . 
 In mid @-@ 2012 , Mogadishu concurrently held its first ever Technology , Entertainment , Design ( TEDx ) conference . The event was organized by the First Somali Bank to showcase improvements in business , development and security to potential Somali and international investors . A second consecutive TEDx entrepreneurial conference was held the following year in the capital , highlighting new enterprises and commercial opportunities , including the establishment of the city 's first dry cleaning business in several years . 
 A number of large firms also have their headquarters in Mogadishu . Among these is the Trans @-@ National Industrial Electricity and Gas Company , an energy conglomerate founded in 2010 that unites five major Somali companies from the trade , finance , security and telecommunications sectors . Other firms based in the city include Hormuud Telecom , the largest telecommunications company in southern and central Somalia . Telcom is another telecommunications service provider that is centered in the capital . The local Somali Energy Company specializes in the generation , transmission and distribution of electric power to residents and businesses within its service area in Banaadir . Villa and Mansion Architects , an international architectural firm founded by the Somali @-@ British architect Alexander Yusuf , likewise has its regional offices in Mogadishu . Additionally , the International Bank of Somalia , which opened downtown in 2014 , offers Islamic finance and international banking services via a swift code system . The Islamic Insurance Company ( First Takaful and Re @-@ Takaful Insurance Company ) was concurrently established , and is the city 's first full service insurance firm in many years . The Central Bank of Somalia , the national monetary authority , also has its headquarters in Mogadishu . 
 In June 2013 , former Prime Minister Abdi Farah Shirdon signed a new foreign investment law . The draft bill was prepared by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry in conjunction with government attorneys . Approved by the Cabinet , it establishes a secure legal framework for foreign investment in Mogadishu and elsewhere in the country . 
 In October 2014 , the firm Tawakal Money Express ( Tawakal ) also began construction of the seven @-@ storey Tawakal Plaza Mogadishu . The new high rise is slated to be completed by the end of 2015 , and will feature a Tawakal Global Bank customer and financial services center , a large , 338 square meter supermarket , a 46 @-@ room luxury hotel , restaurant and coffee shop facilities , and conference and event halls . In addition , the Nabaad Supermarket provides major retail service to local shoppers . Open daily until 10 pm , the convenience chain imports most of its products from the United Arab Emirates and China . The Al Buruuj firm also launched a major real estate project in January 2015 , Daru @-@ Salam City . Financed by the Salaam Somali Bank , the new urban complex includes town houses , apartment flats , a mosque , recreational areas , playgrounds , a supermarket and roads . It is slated to be erected just outside the northern part of the capital , within a 7 kilometer radius of the Industrial Road . 
 
 = = Demographics = = 
 
 Mogadishu is a multi @-@ ethnic city . Its original core population consisted of Bushmen aboriginals , and later Cushitic , Arab and Persian migrants . The mixture of these various groups produced the Benadiri or Reer Xamar ( “ People of Mogadishu ” ) , a composite population unique to the larger Benadir region . In the colonial period , European expatriates , primarily Italians , would also contribute to the city 's cosmopolitan populace . 
 The main area of inhabitation of Bantu ethnic minorities in Somalia has historically been in village enclaves in the south , particularly between the Jubba and Shebelle river valleys as well as the Bakool and Bay regions . Beginning in the 1970s , more Bantus began moving to urban centres such as Mogadishu and Kismayo . The displacement caused by the onset of the civil war in the 1990s further increased the number of rural minorities migrating to urban areas . As a consequence of these movements , Mogadishu 's traditional demographic makeup changed significantly over the years . 
 Following a greatly improved security situation in the city in 2012 , many Somali expatriates began returning to Mogadishu for investment opportunities and to take part in the ongoing post @-@ conflict reconstruction process . Through both private efforts and public initiatives like the Somali Diaspora Corps , they have participated in the renovation of schools , hospitals , banks and other infrastructure , and have played a leading role in the capital 's recovery . They have also helped to propel the local real estate market . 
 According to Demographia , Mogadishu has a population of around 2 @,@ 120 @,@ 000 residents as of 2015 . It is the 222nd largest city in the world by population size . The urban area occupies 91 square kilometres ( 35 sq mi ) , with a population density of around 23 @,@ 400 inhabitants per square kilometre ( 61 @,@ 000 / sq mi ) . As of September 2014 , the Ministry of Planning and International Cooperation is scheduled to launch the first population census for Somalia in over two decades . The UNFPA assisted the Ministry in the project , which is slated to be finalized ahead of the planned plebiscite and local and national elections in 2016 . 
 
 = = Landmarks = = 
 
 
 = = = Places of worship = = = 
 
 Arba 'a Rukun Mosque is one of the oldest Islamic places of worship in the capital . It was built circa 667 ( 1268 / 9 AD ) , concurrently with the Fakr ad @-@ Din Mosque . Arba 'a Rukun 's mihrab contains an inscription dated from the same year , which commemorates the masjid 's late founder , Khusra ibn Mubarak al @-@ Shirazi ( Khusrau ibn Muhammed ) . 
 The Mosque of Islamic Solidarity was constructed in 1987 with financial support from the Saudi Fahd bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud Foundation . It is the main mosque in the city , and an iconic building in Somali society . With a capacity of up to 10 @,@ 000 worshippers , it is the single largest masjid in the Horn region . In 2015 , the federal authorities completed formal refurbishments on the mosque 's infrastructure . The upgrades are part of a larger governmental renovation campaign aimed at all of the masjids in Mogadishu . To this end , the municipal authority is refurbishing the historic Central Mosque , situated downtown . 
 The Mogadishu Cathedral was built in 1928 by the colonial authorities in Italian Somaliland . Known as the " Cattedrale di Mogadiscio " , it was constructed in a Norman Gothic style , based on the Cefalù Cathedral in Cefalù , Sicily . The church served as the traditional seat of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Mogadiscio . It later incurred significant damage during the civil war . In April 2013 , after a visit to the site to inspect its condition , the Diocese of Mogadiscio announced plans to refurbish the building . 
 
 = = = Palaces = = = 
 
 Villa Somalia is the official residential palace and principal workplace of the President of Somalia , Hassan Sheikh Mohamud . It sits on high ground that overlooks the city on the Indian Ocean , with access to both the harbour and airport . The Governor 's Palace of Mogadishu was the seat of the governor of Italian Somaliland , and then the administrator of the Trust Territory of Somalia . 
 
 = = = Museums , libraries and theatres = = = 
 
 The National Museum of Somalia was established after independence in 1960 , when the old Garesa Museum was turned into a National Museum . The National Museum was later moved in 1985 , renamed to the Garesa Museum , and converted to a regional museum . After shutting down , the National Museum later reopened . As of January 2014 , it holds many culturally important artefacts , including old coins , bartering tools , traditional artwork , ancient weaponry and pottery items . 
 The National Library of Somalia was established in 1975 , and came under the responsibility of the Ministry of Education , Culture and Higher Education . In 1983 , it held approximately 7 @,@ 000 books , little in the way of historical and cultural archival material , and was open to the general public . The National Library later closed down in the 1990s . In June 2013 , the Heritage Institute for Policy Studies organized a shipment of 22 @,@ 000 books from the United States to Somalia as part of an initiative to restock the library . In December of the year , the Somali authorities officially launched a major project to rebuild the National Library . With Zainab Hassan serving as Director , the $ 1 million federal government funded initiative will see a new library complex built in the capital within six months . In preparation for the relaunch , 60 @,@ 000 additional books from other Arab League states are expected to arrive . 
 The National Theatre of Somalia opened in 1967 as an important cultural landmark in the national capital . It closed down after the start of the civil war in the early 1990s , but reopened in March 2012 after reconstruction . In September 2013 , the Somali federal government and its Chinese counterpart signed an official cooperation agreement in Mogadishu as part of a five @-@ year national recovery plan in Somalia . The pact will see the Chinese authorities reconstruct the National Theatre of Somalia in addition to several other major infrastructural landmarks . 
 
 = = = Markets = = = 
 
 Bakaara Market was created in late 1972 by the Barre administration . It served as an open market for the sale of goods and services , including produce and clothing . After the start of the civil war , the market was controlled by various militant groups , who used it as a base for their operations . Following Mogadishu 's pacification in 2011 , renovations resumed at the market . Shops were rehabilitated , selling everything from fruit and garments to building materials . As in the rest of the city , Barkaara Market 's real estate values have also risen considerably . As of 2013 , the local Tabaarak firm was renting out a newly constructed warehouse at the market for $ 2 @,@ 000 per month . 
 In February 2014 , the Benadir administration began renovations at the Ansaloti Market in the Hamar Jajab district . It was one of the largest markets in the city before closing down operations in the early 1990s . In September 2014 , the municipal authorities officially reopened the Ansaloti to the public , with officials supervising all parts of the market . According to the Benadir Political Affairs Vice Chairman Mohamed Adan " Anagel " , the facility is now open for business and will compete with other regional markets . 
 
 = = = Institutes = = = 
 
 The Regional Somali Language Academy is an intergovernmental regulating body for the Somali language in the Horn region . In January 2015 , President of Somalia Hassan Sheikh Mohamud announced that the institute was slated to be finalized in conjunction with the governments of Djibouti and Ethiopia . Among the scheduled projects was the construction of a new headquarters for the Academy in Mogadishu , in recognition of Somalia 's traditional position as the center for the development and promotion of the Somali language . In February 2015 , the foundation stone for the new Regional Somali Language Academy was officially laid at an inauguration ceremony in the city . 
 
 = = = Hotels = = = 
 
 Mogadishu has a number of hotels , most of which were recently constructed . The city 's many returning expatriates , investors and international community workers are among these establishments ' main customers . To meet the growing demand , hotel representatives have also begun participating in international industry conferences , such as the Africa Hotel Investment Forum . 
 Among the new hotels is the six floor Jazeera Palace Hotel . It was built in 2010 and officially opened in 2012 . Situated within a 300m radius of the Aden Adde International Airport , it has a 70 @-@ room capacity with a 70 % occupancy rate . The hotel expects to host over 1 @,@ 000 visitors by 2015 , for which it plans to construct a larger overall building and conference facilities . A new landslide hotel within the airport itself is also slated to be completed by the end of the year . 
 Other hotels in the city include the Lafweyn Palace Hotel , Amira Castle Hotel , Sahafi Hotel , Hotel Nasa @-@ Hablod , Oriental Hotel , Hotel Guuleed , Hotel Shamo , Peace Hotel , Aran Guest House , Muna Hotel , Hotel Taleex , Hotel Towfiq , Benadir Hotel , Ambassador Hotel , Kuwait Plaza Hotel , Safari Hotel Diplomat , Dayax Hotel , Safari Guesthouse and Bin Ali Hotel . 
 
 = = Education = = 
 
 Mogadishu is home to a number of scholastic institutions . As part of the government 's urban renewal program , 100 schools across the capital are scheduled to be refurbished and reopened . 
 The Somali National University ( SNU ) was established in the 1950s , during the trusteeship period . In 1973 , its programmes and facilities were expanded . The SNU developed over the next 20 years into an expansive institution of higher learning , with 13 departments , 700 staff and over 15 @,@ 000 students . On 14 November 2013 , the Cabinet unanimously approved a federal government plan to reopen the Somali National University , which had been closed down in the early 1990s . The refurbishing initiative cost US $ 3 @.@ 6 million , and was completed in August 2014 . 
 Mogadishu University ( MU ) is a non @-@ governmental university that is governed by a Board of Trustees and a University Council . It is the brainchild of a number of professors from the Somali National University as well as other Somali intellectuals . Financed by the Islamic Development Bank in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia , as well as other donor institutions , the university counts hundreds of graduates from its seven faculties , some of whom continue on to pursue Master 's degrees abroad thanks to a scholarship programme . Mogadishu University has established partnerships with several other academic institutions , including the University of Aalborg in Denmark , three universities in Egypt , seven universities in Sudan , the University of Djibouti , and two universities in Yemen . As of 2012 , MU also has accreditation with the Board of the Intergovernmental Organization EDU . 
 In 1999 , the Somali Institute of Management and Administration ( SIMAD ) was co @-@ established in Mogadishu by incumbent President of Somalia Hassan Sheikh Mohamud . The institution subsequently grew into the SIMAD University , with Mohamud acting as dean until 2010 . It offers a range of undergraduate courses in various fields , including economics , statistics , business , accountancy , technology , computer science , health sciences , education , law and public administration . 
 Benadir University ( BU ) was established in 2002 with the intention of training doctors . It has since expanded into other fields . Another tertiary institution in the city is the Jamhuriya University of Science and Technology . The Turkish Boarding School was also established , with the Mogadishu Polytechnic Institute and Shabelle University campus likewise undergoing renovations . Additionally , a New Islamic University campus is being built . In April 2014 , Prime Minister Abdiweli Sheikh Ahmed also laid the foundation stone for the reconstruction of the former meteorological school in Mogadishu . A new national Aviation Training Academy is likewise being built at the Aden Adde International Airport . 
 Other tertiary institutions in the capital include City University . It was established in 2012 with the aim of providing quality instruction and research . The college is staffed by an accredited and experienced master 's @-@ level faculty , and governed by a Board of Trustees consisting of academics and prominent entrepreneurs . City University 's syllabus features an advanced curriculum and foundation programs in English . Its campus includes physical and digital libraries , as well as IT and scientific laboratories . The university is a member of the Somali Research and Educational Network , and is authorized as a degree granting institution by the national Ministry of Education Directorate of Higher Education and Culture . 
 
 = = Sport = = 
 
 Mogadishu Stadium was constructed in 1978 during the Barre administration , with the assistance of Chinese engineers . The facility was mainly used for hosting sporting activities , such as the Somalia Cup and for football matches with teams from the Somalia League . Presidential addresses and political rallies , among other events , were also held there . In September 2013 , the Somali federal government and its Chinese counterpart signed an official cooperation agreement in Mogadishu as part of a five @-@ year national recovery plan in Somalia . The pact will see the Chinese authorities reconstruct several major infrastructural landmarks , including the Mogadishu Stadium . 
 The Banadir Stadium and Konis Stadium are two other major sporting facilities in the capital . In 2013 , the Somali Football Federation launched a renovation project at the Konis facility , during which artificial football turf contributed by FIFA was installed at the stadium . The Ex @-@ Lujino basketball stadium in the Abdulaziz District also underwent a $ 10 @,@ 000 rehabilitation , with funding provided by the local Hormuud Telecom firm . Additionally , the municipal authority oversaw the reconstruction of the Banadir Stadium . 
 Various national sporting bodies also have their headquarters in Mogadishu . Among these are the Somali Football Federation , Somali Olympic Committee and Somali Basketball Federation . The Somali Karate and Taekwondo Federation is likewise centered in the city , and manages the national Taekwondo team . 
 
 = = Transportation = = 
 
 
 = = = Road = = = 
 
 Roads leading out of Mogadishu connect the city to other localities in Somalia as well as to neighbouring countries . The capital itself is cut into several grid layouts by an extensive road network , with streets supporting the flow of both vehicular and pedestrian traffic . In October 2013 , major construction began on the 23 kilometer road leading to the airport . Overseen by Somali and Turkish engineers , the upgrade was completed in November and included lane demarcation . The road construction initiative was part of a larger agreement signed by the Somali and Turkish governments to establish Mogadishu and Istanbul as sister cities , and in the process bring all of Mogadishu 's roads up to modern standards . Following the treaty , the Turkish International Cooperation and Development Agency ( TIKA ) launched a citywide cleaning project in conjunction with the municipal cleaning department . The initiative saw around 100 rubbish collection vehicles and other equipment operated by TIKA clean the city 's roads , with the Benadir municipality taking over operation of the cleaning project in March 2015 . 
 In 2012 – 2013 , Mogadishu 's municipal authority in conjunction with the British and Norwegian governments began a project to install solar @-@ powered street lights on all of the capital 's major roads . With equipment imported from Norway , the initiative cost around $ 140 @,@ 000 and lasted several months . The solar panels have helped to improve night @-@ time visibility and enhance the city 's overall aesthetic appeal . 
 Minibuses are the most common type of public transportation in Mogadishu . The next most frequently used public vehicles in the city are auto rickshaws ( bajaj ) . They number around 3 @,@ 000 units and come in various designs . The auto rickshaws represent a lower cost alternative to taxis and minibuses , typically charging half the price for the same distance , with flexible rates . Due to their affordability , capacity to negotiate narrow lanes and low fuel consumption , the three @-@ wheeled vehicles are often appealing investment opportunities for small @-@ scale entrepreneurs . They are generally preferred for shorter commutes . In June 2013 , two new taxi companies also started offering road transportation to residents . Part of a fleet of over 100 vehicles , Mogadishu Taxi 's trademark yellow cabs offer rides throughout the city at flat rates of $ 5 . City Taxi , the firm 's nearest competitor , charges the same flat rate , with plans to add new cabs to its fleet . 
 In January 2014 , the Benadir administration launched a city @-@ wide street naming , house numbering and postal codes project . Officially called the House Numbering and Post Code System , it is a joint initiative of the municipal authorities and Somali business community representatives . The project is part of the ongoing modernization and development of the capital . According to former Mayor Mohamed Ahmed Nur , the initiative also aims to help the authorities firm up on security and resolve housing ownership disputes . In March 2015 , the Benadir administration likewise launched a renovation project on the Hawo Asir @-@ Fagah major road in Mogadishu . The government @-@ public partnership aims to facilitate vehicle access in the area . According to Karaan district commissioner Ahmed Hassan Yalah 'ow , the reconstruction initiative will also make the road all @-@ weather resistant and is slated to be completed shortly . 
 
 = = = Air = = = 
 
 During the post @-@ independence period , Mogadishu International Airport offered flights to numerous global destinations . In the mid @-@ 1960s , the airport was enlarged to accommodate more international carriers , with the state @-@ owned Somali Airlines providing regular trips to all major cities . By 1969 , the airport 's many landing grounds could also host small jets and DC 6B @-@ type aircraft . 
 The facility grew considerably in size in the post @-@ independence period after successive renovation projects . With the outbreak of the civil war in the early 1990s , Mogadishu International Airport 's flight services experienced routine disruptions and its grounds and equipment were largely destroyed . In the late 2000s , the K50 Airport , situated 50 kilometers to the south , served as the capital 's main airport while Mogadishu International Airport , now renamed Aden Adde International Airport , briefly shut down . However , in late 2010 , the security situation in Mogadishu had significantly improved , with the federal government eventually managing to assume full control of the city by August 2011 . 
 In May 2011 , the Ministry of Transport announced that SKA @-@ Somalia had been contracted to manage operations at the re @-@ opened Aden Adde International Airport over a period of ten years . Among its first initiatives , worth an estimated $ 6 million , SKA invested in new airport equipment and expanded support services by hiring , training and equipping 200 local workers to meet international airport standards . The company also assisted in comprehensive infrastructure renovations , restored a dependable supply of electricity , revamped the baggage handling facilities as well as the arrival and departure lounges , put into place electronic check @-@ in systems , and firmed up on security and work @-@ flow . Additionally , SKA connected the grounds ' Somali Civil Aviation and Meteorological Agency ( SCAMA ) and immigration , customs , commercial airlines and Somali Police Force officials to the internet . By January 2013 , the firm had introduced shuttle buses to ferry travelers to and from the passenger terminal . 
 In December 2011 , the Turkish government unveiled plans to further modernize the airport as part of Turkey 's broader engagement in the local post @-@ conflict reconstruction process . Among the scheduled renovations were new systems and infrastructure , including a modern control tower to monitor the airspace . In September 2013 , the Turkish company Favori LLC began operations at the airport . The firm announced plans to renovate the aviation building and construct a new one , as well as upgrade other modern service structures . A $ 10 million project , it will increase the airport 's existing 15 aircraft capacity to 60 . In January 2015 , a new , state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art terminal was opened at the airport . Featuring modern passenger facilities and a glass façade , it will enable the airport to double its number of daily commercial flights to 60 , with a throughput of around 1 @,@ 000 passengers per hour . 
 As of January 2015 , the largest airline services using Aden Adde International Airport include the Somali @-@ owned private carriers Jubba Airways , Daallo Airlines , and African Express Airways , in addition to UN charter planes , Turkish Airlines , and Felix Airways ( Al Saeeda Airlines ) . The airport also offers flights to other cities in Somalia , such as Galkayo , Berbera and Hargeisa , as well as to international destinations like Djibouti , Jeddah , and Istanbul . 
 In July 2012 , Mohammed Osman Ali ( Dhagah @-@ tur ) , the General Director of the Ministry of Aviation and Transport , also announced that the Somali government had begun preparations to revive the Mogadishu @-@ based national carrier , Somali Airlines . The first new aircraft were scheduled for delivery in December 2013 . 
 
 = = = Sea = = = 
 
 The Port of Mogadishu , also known as the Mogadishu International Port , is the official seaport of Mogadishu . Classified as a major class port , it is the largest harbour in the country . 
 After incurring some damage during the civil war , the federal government launched the Mogadishu Port Rehabilitation Project , an initiative to rebuild , develop and modernize the port . The renovations included the installation of Alpha Logistics technology . A joint international delegation consisting of the Director of the Port of Djibouti and Chinese officials specializing in infrastructure reconstruction concurrently visited the facility in June 2013 . According to Mogadishu Port manager Abdullahi Ali Nur , the delegates along with local Somali officials received reports on the port 's functions as part of the rebuilding project 's planning stages . 
 In 2013 , the Port of Mogadishu 's management reportedly reached an agreement with representatives of the Iranian company Simatech Shipping LLC to handle vital operations at the seaport . Under the name Mogadishu Port Container Terminal , the firm is slated to handle all of the port 's technical and operational functions . 
 In October 2013 , the federal Cabinet endorsed an agreement with the Turkish firm Al @-@ Bayrak to manage the Port of Mogadishu for a 20 @-@ year period . The deal was secured by the Ministry of Ports and Public Works , and also assigns Al @-@ Bayrak responsibility for rebuilding and modernizing the seaport . In September 2014 , the federal government officially delegated management of the Mogadishu Port to Al @-@ Bayrak . The firm 's modernization project will cost $ 80 million . 
 
 = = = Railway = = = 
 
 There were projects during the 1980s to reactivate the 114 km ( 71 mi ) railway between Mogadishu and Jowhar , built by the Italians in 1926 but dismantled in World War II by British troops . It was originally intended that this railway would reach Addis Ababa . Only a few remaining tracks inside Mogadishu 's harbour area are still used . 
 
 = = Media = = 
 
 Mogadishu has historically served as a media hub . In 1975 , the Somali Film Agency ( SFA ) , the nation 's film regulatory body , was established in Mogadishu . The SFA also organized the annual Mogadishu Pan @-@ African and Arab Film Symposium ( Mogpaafis ) , which brought together an array of prominent filmmakers and movie experts from across the globe , including other parts of Northeast Africa and the Arab world , as well as Asia and Europe . 
 In addition , there are a number of radio news agencies based in Mogadishu . Radio Mogadishu is the federal government @-@ run public broadcaster . Established in 1951 in Italian Somaliland , it initially aired news items in both Somali and Italian . The station was modernized with Russian assistance following independence in 1960 , and began offering home service in Somali , Amharic and Oromo . After closing down operations in the early 1990s due to the civil war , the broadcaster was officially re @-@ opened in the early 2000s by the Transitional National Government . Other radio stations headquartered in the city include Mustaqbal Radio , Radio Shabelle , Radio Bar @-@ Kulan , Radio Kulmiye , Radio Dannan , Radio Dalsan , Radio Banadir , Radio Maanta , Gool FM , Radio Xurmo , and Radio Xamar , also known as Voice of Democracy . 
 The Mogadishu @-@ based Somali National Television ( SNTV ) is the central government @-@ owned broadcaster . On 4 April 2011 , the Ministry of Information of the Transitional Federal Government officially re @-@ launched the station as part of an initiative to develop the national telecommunications sector . SNTV broadcasts 24 hours a day , and can be viewed both within Somalia and abroad via terrestrial and satellite platforms . 
 Somali popular music enjoys a large audience in Mogadishu , and was widely sold prior to the civil war . With the government managing to secure the city in mid @-@ 2011 , radios once again play music . On 19 March 2012 , an open concert was held in the city , which was broadcast live on local television . In April 2013 , the Waayaha Cusub ensemble also organized the Reconciliation Music Festival , the first international music festival to be held in Mogadishu in two decades . 
 
 = = Notable Mogadishans = = 
 
 
 = = Twin towns – Sister cities = = 
 
 Mogadishu is twinned with : 
 
 
 = The Moth ( Lost ) = 
 
 " The Moth " is the seventh episode of the first season of Lost . The episode was directed by Jack Bender and written by Jennifer Johnson and Paul Dini . It first aired on November 3 , 2004 , on ABC . The character of Charlie Pace ( Dominic Monaghan ) is featured in the episode 's flashbacks . 
 Charlie begins experiencing the effects of heroin withdrawal , while Jack becomes trapped in a cave . Meanwhile , Sayid Jarrah ( Naveen Andrews ) , Kate Austen ( Evangeline Lilly ) and Boone Carlyle ( Ian Somerhalder ) attempt to triangulate the signal of the French woman 's broadcast . Charlie 's involvement in his band Drive Shaft is featured in the episode 's flashbacks . 
 " The Moth " was watched by 18 @.@ 73 million people live , almost two million more than the previous episode . This episode marks the first time " You All Everybody " by Drive Shaft was sung in its entirety , as it had not been written yet in previous episodes . The episode received mixed @-@ to @-@ positive reviews , with some reviewers commenting that the episode was not of the same caliber as previous episodes . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 
 = = = Flashbacks = = = 
 
 Charlie ( Dominic Monaghan ) tells a priest that he is going to quit his band because it has a bad influence on him . Soon after , his brother , Liam Pace ( Neil Hopkins ) , tells Charlie that Drive Shaft has gotten a recording contract . Charlie doesn 't want to sign the contract because he has qualms about the sex and drugs the band engages in . Liam talks him into signing , promising that Charlie can quit any time he 's had enough . One evening at a show , Liam , to Charlie 's frustration , starts singing the chorus to " You All Everybody " , which is supposed to be sung by Charlie . Liam assures Charlie it won 't happen again . 
 Later , Charlie finds Liam high on heroin with groupies . Charlie kicks the groupies out , and tells Liam that he 's done with the band . Liam says to Charlie that he , Liam , is Drive Shaft , and that nobody knows who the bass player ( Charlie ) is . He goes on to tell Charlie that without the band , Charlie is nothing , which spurs Charlie to use heroin for the first time . Years later , Charlie visits Liam 's house in Australia and wants Liam to rejoin Drive Shaft for a comeback tour . Liam declines , but the band can 't do the tour without him . He criticizes Charlie for still using drugs , and Charlie blames Liam for getting him started with drugs . Liam asks Charlie to stay with him for a few weeks , saying that Sydney has some good rehab programs and that he can get Charlie help . Charlie angrily leaves , saying he has a plane to catch . 
 
 = = = On the Island = = = 
 
 It is Day 8 , September 29 , 2004 , and Charlie is suffering from heroin withdrawal since he voluntarily gave his heroin to John Locke ( Terry O 'Quinn ) in the previous episode . After finding him , Charlie asks Locke for the heroin back , and Locke says that he 'll give Charlie the drugs the third time he asks , because he wants Charlie to have the choice to quit . 
 Sayid Jarrah ( Naveen Andrews ) , Kate Austen ( Evangeline Lilly ) and Boone Carlyle ( Ian Somerhalder ) attempt to find where the French transmission is coming from , so they make a plan to turn on antennas at different points on the island in an attempt to triangulate the signal . At the caves , Charlie searches through Jack Shephard 's ( Matthew Fox ) medicine supply for something to ease his heroin withdrawal . When Jack catches him , Charlie says he has a headache and wants aspirin . 
 When Jack upsets Charlie by telling him to move his guitar , Charlie angrily shouts at him , causing the entrance of the cave they are in to collapse . Charlie manages to escape , but Jack is trapped inside . Using his construction experience , Michael Dawson ( Harold Perrineau ) leads the rescue attempt with Steve Jenkins ( Christian Bowman ) and Scott Jackson ( Dustin Watchman ) . In the jungle , James " Sawyer " Ford ( Josh Holloway ) goes to tell Kate ( who is traveling to set up her antenna for the triangulation attempt ) about Jack 's predicament , but decides against it because he doesn 't like Kate 's hostile attitude . Charlie tells Locke about Jack 's situation , but reveals the real reason for his going to Locke is to ask for his drugs a second time . Locke shows Charlie a moth cocoon , and explains that he could help the moth by slitting the cocoon and letting the moth free , but it would not survive because it would be too weak . Instead , the moth needs to struggle to break free . Nature and struggle make people stronger , Locke says , indicating to Charlie that he needs to fight through his suffering . 
 Kate and Sawyer stay at the second triangulation point , while Sayid goes to the third . After learning of Jack 's situation from Sawyer , Kate goes to help , leaving the job of turning on the signal to Sawyer . Charlie squeezes through an opening at the cave and finds Jack , but while doing so , the opening collapses and traps Charlie and Jack inside . Charlie hesitantly pops Jack 's shoulder back into place at Jack 's request . Jack correctly guesses that Charlie is suffering from withdrawal , and Charlie assures Jack he 's okay . Kate desperately tries to dig them out along with the other castaways , while the two worry about losing oxygen . Charlie sees a moth which leads him to an opening and the pair dig out of the cave . 
 Sayid sets off his bottle rocket to signal the antenna power up process . Shannon Rutherford ( Maggie Grace ) sets off Boone 's rocket from the beach , as Boone had gone to help rescue Jack , as does Sawyer from his location . Sayid turns on the transceiver , but before he is able to triangulate the signal , an unseen person knocks Sayid unconscious with a stick . 
 Later Hurley brings Jack and Charlie water , he notes Charlie doesn 't look well but Jack covers for him saying that he has the flu . Hurley tells him to get better and Charlie looks thankful to Jack . He sees Locke and asks him for his heroin and Locke gives it back . Charlie looks at it for a moment before tossing it into the fire , smiling . Locke tells Charlie he 's proud of him and that he always knew he could do it . Charlie and Locke see a moth flying away . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " The Moth " aired on November 3 , 2004 . The episode was directed by Jack Bender and written by Jennifer Johnson and Paul Dini . The church scene with Charlie and Liam at the church in Manchester was actually filmed on Honolulu , where the scenes on the Island are filmed . Monaghan says that he feels Charlie 's black hoodie is a sort of " security blanket " that he hides underneath and uses it when he feels " lost . " The " heroin " that Charlie is supposedly snorting is actually brown sugar . Monaghan revealed this in an interview with Stuff magazine in October 2005 , saying , " [ The heroin is ] brown sugar . You get some really sweet boogers . You have to be careful not to snort too much of it , but it 's happened a few times . You just find dessert up your nose couple of hours later . " 
 According to Monaghan , Drive Shaft is similar to Oasis , in that " [ Charlie 's ] first album was kind of like Oasis 's first album : critically acclaimed , didn 't sell big numbers , but in the industry , people gave it respect . " J.J Abrams and Damon Linelof told Monaghan that if he wanted to write the song that would be Charlie 's " one hit wonder " , they would consider using it in the show . Monaghan wrote a song called " Photos and Plans " with a friend ; Abrams and Lindelof liked the song , but it did not make it into Lost . The lyrics were inspired by an incident on The Phil Donahue Show , where Matt Reeves , who was close friends with producers Bryan Burk and Damon Lindelof , saw a female audience member yell out , " You all everybody , acting like it 's the stupid people wearing expensive clothes . " The producers had an inside joke where they would say this quotation to each other . According to Burk , " At one point , in a delirious stupor , we realized we had said it so many times that that had to be the song . " 
 In the Pilot , Monaghan 's voice when he sang " You All Everybody " was based on " when Prince puts on his female voice " , since the song had not been composed yet . For " The Moth " the producers contacted Los Angeles @-@ based singer Jude to write a full version . The song is sung by Chris Seefried , former lead singer of Gods Child and Joe 90 . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 " The Moth " first aired in the United States on November 3 , 2004 . 18 @.@ 73 million people in America watched the episode live . 
 The episode received generally mixed @-@ to @-@ positive reviews . Ryan McGee of Zap2it wrote that " this episode wasn 't a stinker by any measure , but after the run of early episodes , this is the first that really didn 't hold its own when compared to the others " , adding that " The moth imagery / metaphor just beats you down by episode 's end , making you long for the more subtle writing the show has produced up until this point . " The TV Critic gave the episode a 68 / 100 , writing that it falls between being " obvious and cheesy " and " beautifully paced and structured " . Myles McNutt of The A.V. Club gave the episode a B , and shared his opinion that it is " one of the more intensely metaphorical — and thus writerly — episodes of the series . The eponymous metaphor — delivered by Locke — is one of the series ’ most blatant , and the moth ’ s consistent reappearance in the episode calls a lot of attention to the construction of the narrative . " 
 IGN staff rated " The Moth " as the 36th best episode in all of Lost , explaining , " The moth of the episode 's title appears both as a metaphorical and physical symbol of the struggle to find strength within yourself , as Locke explains to Charlie , and to take charge of your own life without relying on anyone else to do it for you . " In a review focusing solely on " The Moth " , Chris Carabott of IGN gave the episode a 9 / 10 , writing that the episode " does a great job of utilizing screen time for most the major characters on the show " , and that " Locke 's analogy of ' The Moth ' in comparison to Charlie 's situation perfectly encapsulates what many of the characters are going through on the island . " In a ranking of all of Lost 's episodes , Todd VanDerWerff of the Los Angeles Times placed " The Moth " at number 102 , complimenting Monaghan and O 'Quinn 's acting , but criticizing the storyline for containing " nonsensical drug abuse storytelling . " " The Moth " , along with " Pilot " and " House of the Rising Sun " , won a PRISM Award for Charlie 's drug storyline . 
 
 
 = Charmbracelet = 
 
 Charmbracelet is the ninth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey , released on December 3 , 2002 through MonarC Entertainment and Island Records . The album was her first release since her breakdown following the release of her film Glitter ( 2001 ) and its accompanying soundtrack album , both of which were critical and commercial failures from the previous year . Critics described Charmbracelet as one of her most personal records , following 1997 's Butterfly , Throughout the project , Carey collaborated with several songwriters and producers , including Jermaine Dupri , Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis , 7 Aurelius and Dre & Vidal . 
 According to Carey , love is the album 's main theme , and the songs combine introspective and personal themes with celebration and fun . The album contains a mixture of pop ballads and R & B beats , and the songs incorporate elements of other genres , such as gospel and soul . Compared to Glitter , which featured a variety of sampled melodies from the 1980s , Charmbracelet has a softer hip hop and R & B sound to it . Cam 'ron , Jay @-@ Z and Freeway also appear on the album . 
 Charmbracelet debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 chart , and sold 241 @,@ 000 copies in its first week . The album peaked within the top 40 in seven countries , and attained top ten positions in Japan and Switzerland . 
 Three singles were released to promote the album . The lead single , " Through the Rain " reached the top ten in Canada , Switzerland , Sweden and Italy and the United Kingdom . In the US , it topped the Hot Dance Club Play chart , but stalled at number 81 on the Billboard Hot 100 . Carey embarked on the Charmbracelet World Tour , and performed 69 shows in over eight months . She also performed on televised shows and promotional tours like the 30th annual American Music Awards , Today and The Oprah Winfrey Show . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Before the release of Charmbracelet , Carey experienced a year of critical , commercial , personal and professional struggles , following the poor reception of her debut film Glitter ( 2001 ) , and her subsequent hospitalization . After divorcing her husband , Tommy Mottola , Carey released Butterfly ( 1997 ) . With her next release , Rainbow ( 1999 ) , Carey incorporated elements of R & B and hip @-@ hop into her music , particularly on the lead single " Heartbreaker " . According to The Sacramento Bee , she attempted to sound more " ghetto " . She stopped working with longtime pop producers such as Babyface and Walter Afanasieff , in order to pursue a new sound and audience , and worked with writers Sean Combs and Jermaine Dupri . Following the worldwide success of Rainbow , Carey left Columbia Records . Controversially , Mottola and executive Benny Medina in 1999 used several songs Carey had written and co @-@ written for Jennifer Lopez . Carey 's 2001 film debut Glitter was panned by movie critics , and earned less than eight million dollars at the box office . 
 Carey 's $ 100 million recording contract was bought out by Virgin Records , who paid her $ 28 million to leave the label . Carey checked into a hospital in Connecticut , following a controversial appearance on Total Request Live , in which she gave ice cream to fans , left troubling messages on her website and demonstrated what was considered by the media as " erratic behavior " . Carey said she had had an " emotional and physical breakdown . " After a fortnight 's hospitalization , Carey flew to Capri , Italy , where she stayed for five months and began writing and producing material for a new studio album about her recent troubles . She was signed by Island Records , and started her own imprint , MonarC Entertainment , for her intended " comeback " release , Charmbracelet . 
 
 = = Development and recording = = 
 
 Carey started writing songs for the album in early 2002 , before she signed the record deal . She decided to rest , traveled to Capri and moved into a recording studio where she could focus on writing and recording without distractions . Most of the album was recorded in Capri , although she traveled to Atlanta , New York and Philadelphia to record some tracks . That year , Carey claimed Charmbracelet to be the " most personal album " she had ever made . She worked with longtime collaborators Jermaine Dupri , Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis and Randy Jackson and other songwriters and producers 7 Aurelius , Just Blaze , Damizza and Dre & Vidal . The opening track and the first track to be written for the album , " Through the Rain " , was written by Carey and Lionel Cole , was inspired Carey 's recent experiences , and was co @-@ produced by Jam and Lewis . It was released as the lead single from the album . 
 Jam , Lewis and Carey also worked " Yours " , which Jam said contains " probably one of the best hooks [ ever ] " , and likened it to one of trio 's previous collaborations , " Thank God I Found You " ( 2000 ) . Initially , the song was recorded as duet with pop singer Justin Timberlake . However , due to contractual complications , it was never released and the a solo version was featured on the album . Jam and Lewis produced two more songs , " Wedding Song " and " Satisfy " — the latter featuring background vocals from Michael Jackson — which were not released on the album . 
 Carey decided to work with Just Blaze after she heard the song " Oh Boy " , which he produced for Cam 'ron . Just Blaze and Carey produced " Boy ( I Need You ) " , a remake of " Oh Boy " , and " You Got Me " . Carey said " Boy ( I Need You ) " was one of her favorites on the album . " You Got Me " features rap verses from Jay @-@ Z and Freeway , was noted by Carey as a " signature Just Blaze track " . Jay @-@ Z was in Capri on vacation , and went to the studio to hear the song and said that he wanted to contribute to it and added rap verses of his own . Dupri produced " The One " and " You Had Your Chance " . He said that they wanted to stick to the " same familiar sound " from his previous collaborations with Carey . Carey said " The One " was a personal song , which was about being hurt in past relationships and the uncertainty about forming new ones . Carey decided to experiment with a live band for the album . In April 2002 , she met 7 Aurelius and asked him to produce songs for the album . They flew to Nassau , Bahamas and recorded a mixture of mid @-@ tempo and up @-@ tempo tracks and ballads with a live band . 7 Aurelius said that Carey was " an amazing writer " and described the process of recording : 
 We did three or four songs in three or four days . The way we was doing it , I had [ a horn section ] down there along with me . We had the whole room set up with candles , some nice wine — [ it was ] a very good vibe . It was completely stripped down , like ' Mariah Carey Unplugged ' . She stripped herself down to her talent . She was really trusting of me and my vision , and I was trusting of who she was . 
 Randy Jackson contributed to four tracks on the album , and said it was " the most real and honest record she 's made . She didn 't care what anyone thought of the lyrics . They were only important to her . " Carey included a cover of Def Leppard 's song " Bringin ' On the Heartbreak " . During the photo shoot for Charmbracelet at Capri , Carey happened to listen to Def Leppard 's album Vault ( 1995 ) , which contains the song , and decided to cover it . In an interview with Billboard , Carey said that the song is " an example of her musical diversity " . Jackson also worked on " My Saving Grace " , which Carey said describes her thoughts about the writing , recording and mastering process . While working in Capri , Carey 's father became ill with cancer and she returned to New York to spend some time with him ; he died soon after . In his memory , Carey wrote and produced the song " Sunflowers for Alfred Roy " . Carey said that the song represents " his side of the family and is kind of hard to talk about . " The song proved to be " very emotional " for Carey , and she sang it only once in the studio . DJ Quik also produced songs for the album , but none of them were included . 
 
 = = Music and lyrics = = 
 
 Carey attempted to make a musical comeback with Charmbracelet , which focused on bringing Carey back to her R & B and soul roots in an attempt to recapture her audience . Critics both praised and criticized the condition of Carey 's voice on the album ; many called the songs average , and felt that most lacked sufficient hooks . The album 's lead single , and Carey 's boldest attempt at recreating the ballads from the early years of her career , was " Through the Rain " , which was produced by Carey , and was described by one critic as " the sort of self @-@ help ballad Ms. Carey was singing a decade ago " . The songs on the album are a mixture of several genres . 
 Carey 's cover of " Bringin ' On the Heartbreak " , was recorded using live instrumentation , and was the album 's third single . It begins as a " piano @-@ driven slow jam " , which is followed by a " dramatic chord progression " after the second chorus , and Carey 's " precise and fluttery voice reaches incredible heights " as it " turns the power ballad into something more delicate . " Kelefa Sanneh from The New York Times called " Yours " " a delectable combination of breathy vocals and playful rhythms . " Barry Walters from Rolling Stone wrote that on " Yours " , " Carey 's lead vocals blend into choruses of overdubbed Mariah 's cooing overlapping phrases . Circling these are choirs of more Mariahs singing harmonies and countermelodies . Topping it off are generous sprinklings of the singer 's patented birdcalls , wails , sighs and whispers . " 
 Critics considered " Subtle Invitation " to be one of the album 's strongest songs because of its " well executed " jazz influence . The song begins with the sounds of people dining , then introduces the strong bassline and drums . Towards the end of the song , Carey belts out the climax . Sarah Rodman from The Boston Herald described it as fascinating and wrote , " it sounds as though Carey is singing in falsetto while still in her chest voice . " " Clown " drew strong media attention , and its lyrical content led critics to speculate that Carey aimed it at rapper Eminem , who had publicly announced that he had had a relationship with Carey . Rodman said " Clown " was " languidly sinister " , with lyrics such as , " I should 've left it at ' I like your music too ' ... You should never have intimated we were lovers / when you know very well we never even touched each other . " Critics compared " I Only Wanted " with " My All " ' s instrumentation and structure of verse , chorus and guitar solo . According to Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine , Carey makes vague allusions to her ex @-@ husband Tommy Mottola with the line , " Wish I 'd stayed beneath my veil " . The song uses Latin @-@ inspired guitar instrumentation and wind sounds as an additional backbone to the melody , and dripping water as its percussion . 
 " Sunflowers for Alfred Roy " , one of the album 's most personal songs , is named after Carey 's father ; she makes direct reference to him and a moment they shared at his death bed . The song is backed with a simple piano accompaniment , and Carey recounts a visit with her father in his hospital room : " Strange to feel that proud , strong man / Grip tightly to my hand . " 
 
 = = Singles = = 
 
 Three singles were released from the album . The lead single , " Through the Rain " was released on September 24 , 2002 . It received mixed reviews from critics , some of whom said it was too similar to her earlier ballads , such as " Hero " and " Outside " , while others praised Carey 's vocals in the song . It was one of Carey 's poorest @-@ selling US singles , reaching number 81 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart . However , it topped the Hot Dance Club Play charts and reached the top twenty of the Adult Contemporary chart . Outside the US , the single performed moderately , peaking within the top ten in Canada , Switzerland , Sweden , Italy and the UK , and within the top 20 in Ireland , Australia , Norway and Denmark . The music video of " Through the Rain " , directed by Daver Meyers , is based on the courtship and eloping of Carey 's parents . Scenes of Carey singing in a street when rain starts to fall are juxtaposed with the story of a mixed @-@ race couple who run away from their families , who oppose their relationship . 
 " Boy ( I Need You ) " , which was released as the second single on November 26 , 2002 , received mixed reviews from critics . The single failed to make much impact on charts worldwide ; it reached number 68 on the US Billboard Hip @-@ Hop / R & B Songs chart and number 57 on the US Hot Singles Sales chart . Elsewhere , the song reached number 17 in the UK , and peaked within the top 40 in Australia , the Netherlands , Ireland and New Zealand . The music video for " Boy ( I Need You ) " was directed by Joseph Kahn and was filmed at Shibuya and Los Angeles . Initially , " The One " was scheduled to be released as the second single and the music video was shot for that song . However , halfway through the filming , the single was changed to " Boy ( I Need You ) " . Described as " Speed Racer meets Hello Kitty meets me and Cam 'ron " by Carey , the video incorporates elements of Japanese culture and features Carey 's alter @-@ ego Bianca . 
 The third single from the album was Carey 's cover version of " Bringin ' On the Heartbreak " , released on November 25 , 2003 . Though it gained mostly positive reviews , it failed to chart on the Billboard Hot 100 , but reached number five on the Hot Dance Club Play chart . Outside the US , the song saw its highest peak in Switzerland , reaching number 28 and staying on the charts for eight weeks . It also charted in Austria and the Wallonia region of Belgium . The music video for the song was directed by Sanaa Hamri . Another cut from the album , " Irresistible ( Westside Connection ) " charted at number 81 on the US Billboard Hip @-@ Hop / R & B Songs . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 Aggregator website Metacritic , which averages professional reviews into a numerical score , gave Charmbracelet a score of 43 / 100 , indicating " generally mixed or average reviews . " Stephen Thomas Erlewine from AllMusic rated the album two out of five stars , and criticized its production and the condition of Carey 's voice . He wrote , " Whenever she sings , there 's a raspy whistle behind her thin voice and she strains to make notes throughout the record ... Her voice is damaged , and there 's not a moment where it sounds strong or inviting . " Tom Sinclair of Entertainment Weekly said she was " in fine voice " , He wrote that " Through the Rain " sinks in its own sodden sentimentality , as do by @-@ the @-@ numbers efforts like ' Yours ' and ' I Only Wanted ' " , and added that " ' Clown ' is a moody number graced with mournful acoustic guitar and a gorgeously nuanced vocal , while ' Sunflowers for Alfred Roy ' is a short , sweet song sung to a lovely piano accompaniment " . He finished by saying that " too much of Charmbracelet is mired in middle @-@ of @-@ the @-@ road muck . " 
 Billboard editor Michael Paoletta praised Carey 's return to her core audience . He said that although Carey might have alienated her hip @-@ hop followers from her previous three albums , her older fans from the 1990s would be more receptive to the material and her new image . Kelefa Sanneh from The New York Times wrote that the album " is generally pleasant , although it 's not always exciting , and a few of the collaborations go awry " . He called Carey 's voice " invariably astonishing " , and said that " she can hit high notes that barely sound human " , praised her versatility , and wrote that she " also knows how to make a hip @-@ hop hit by holding back and letting the beat shine . " Ethan Browne of New York slated the album 's whimsical chimes and tinkling keyboards , and wrote , " Was Charmbracelet recorded in a Casio shop ? This instrument needs to be stopped . " 
 Rating Charmbracelet two out of five stars , Barry Walters from Rolling Stone wrote that none of the songs were bold , that the lack of hooks made the album weak , and said , " Carey needs bold songs that help her use the power and range for which she is famous . Charmbracelet is like a stream of watercolors that bleed into a puddle of brown . " Sal Cinquemani from Slant Magazine complimented Carey 's mixture of pop and hip @-@ hop melodies , and wrote , " Though there 's nothing as immediate as ' Fantasy ' or ' My All ' here , Charmbracelet is significantly less contrived than 1999 's Rainbow and almost as creatively liberating as Butterfly . British columnist Angus Batey , writing for Yahoo ! Music UK called the songs on Charmbracelet forgettable , and wrote , " She used to take risks , but ' Charmbracelet ' is conservative , unadventurous and uninspiring ; and , while it 's understandable that simply to make another record marks a triumph of sorts , it 's impossible to admire Mariah to the degree that her talent ought to merit . " John Mulvey from NME criticized its content , writing , " Nominally , ' Charmbracelet ' is R & B , much like Tony Blair is nominally a socialist ... Tragedies , all told , have been worse " 
 At the 17th Japan Gold Disc Award in 2003 , the album was nominated in the category of Rock and Pop Album of the Year ( International ) . 
 
 = = Commercial performance = = 
 
 Charmbracelet was initially slated for release in the US on December 10 , 2002 . However , the date was revised to December 3 , 2002 . It was released through Island Records and Carey 's label MonarC Entertainment . A highly anticipated release , it debuted at number three on the US Billboard 200 , with first @-@ week sales of 241 @,@ 000 , more than the first @-@ week sales of the critically panned Glitter soundtrack , but fewer than 1999 's Rainbow , which sold 323 @,@ 000 units in its first week . It stayed on the chart for 22 weeks , Charmbracelet was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) for shipments of one million units in the US . As of April 2013 , the estimated sales of the album in the US ( compiled by Nielsen Soundscan ) were 1 @,@ 166 @,@ 000 copies . 
 In Canada , the album debuted on the Canadian Albums Chart at number thirty , in contrast to Glitter , which debuted at number four on the chart . It was certified Gold by the Canadian Recording Industry Association ( CRIA ) for shipments of 50 @,@ 000 copies . On the week dated December 15 , 2002 , Chamrbracelet entered the Australian Albums Chart at its peak position of number 42 . It exited the chart the next week , becoming one of Carey 's lowest charting albums in the country . In Japan , Charmbracelet debuted at number four on the Oricon Albums Chart , its second @-@ highest peak worldwide , and sold 63 @,@ 365 units in its first week . The album spent another week at number four , and sold 71 @,@ 206 units . It stayed on the charts for a total of 15 weeks and according to Oricon , has sold 240 @,@ 440 copies . The Recording Industry Association of Japan ( RIAJ ) certified Charmbracelet platinum for shipments of 200 @,@ 000 copies . 
 In Austria , the album peaked at number 34 and stayed on the charts for seven weeks . In the Flemish region of Belgium it charted and peaked at number 48 and reached number 28 in the Walloon region of that country . Charmbracelet entered the French Albums Chart at number 20 in the week dated December 7 , 2002 , spent 30 weeks on the chart and was certified Gold by the Syndicat National de l 'Édition Phonographique ( SNEP ) , denoting shipments of 100 @,@ 000 units . Charmbracelet charted and peaked at number 32 in Germany It reached number 50 in Sweden . In Switzerland , the album peaked at number nine on the Swiss Albums Chart and stayed on the charts for ten weeks ; it was certified Gold by the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry ( IFPI ) . In the United Kingdom , the album peaked at number 52 , selling 19 @,@ 000 copies in its first week . It has sold a total of 122 @,@ 010 copies as of April 2008 . In February 2003 , it was certified Gold by the British Phonographic Industry ( BPI ) for shipments of 100 @,@ 000 copies in the UK . In the Netherlands , the album debuted at number 48 , the issue dated December 14 , 2002 . The following week , it peaked at number 30 . It stayed on the charts for 19 weeks , and made two re @-@ entries , one in June 2003 and other in August 2003 . 
 Charmbracelet was certified Gold in both Brazil and Hong Kong by Associação Brasileira dos Produtores de Discos ( ABPD ) and IFPI Hong Kong respectively . 
 
 = = Promotion = = 
 
 Following the release of " Through the Rain " , Carey embarked on several US and international promotional tours in support of Charmbracelet and its accompanying singles . Promotion for " Through the Rain " began at the 2002 NRJ Awards , where Carey performed wearing a long black skirt and denim blazer . Three days before the album 's US release , a one @-@ hour program titled Mariah Carey : Shining Through the Rain , in which Carey was interviewed and sang several songs from Charmbracelet and her back catalog , aired on MTV . Carey addressed rumors of her breakdown and its cause , and spoke about the album and its inspiration , and conducted a question and answer session with fans . During the first month after the album 's release , Carey appeared on several television talk shows . She launched her promotional tour on Today , where she performed four songs at Mall of America for a crowd of over 10 @,@ 000 . On December 2 , Carey traveled to Brazil for South American promotion of Charmbracelet , appearing on the popular television program Fantástico . She sang " My All " , and performed " Through the Rain " and " I Only Wanted " wearing a long pink gown . On December 3 , 2002 , Carey appeared on The Oprah Winfrey Show , where she performed " Through the Rain " and " My Saving Grace " , and gave a highly publicized interview about her hospitalization . Before her breakdown , Carey had been booked for a private interview with ABC 's Barbara Walters , executive producer of The View , following Glitter 's release . Instead of giving Walters the full @-@ coverage interview following Carey 's return to the public eye , Island decided Oprah was more appropriate , and changed the appearance . Carey 's interview with Matt Lauer on Dateline NBC aired the same evening . 
 On December 17 , Carey performed " I Only Wanted " on The View after guest co @-@ hosting the program . One month later , Carey was one of the headlining performers at the 30th annual American Music Awards , held on January 13 , 2003 . She performed " Through the Rain " alongside a live gospel choir , and wore a long black evening gown . During the performance , images of newspaper headlines reporting Carey 's breakdown were projected on a large curtain behind her , with one reading , " When you fall down , you get back up . " Carey received a standing ovation . In mid @-@ February , Carey was the headline performer at the NBA all @-@ star game , which was Michael Jordan 's last game . She wore a long , purple , skin @-@ tight Washington Wizard 's dress , and performed " Boy ( I Need You ) " , " My Saving Grace " and " Hero " , which received a standing ovation and brought Jordan to tears . On March 1 , 2003 , Carey performed at the Soul Train Music Awards , sporting a retro @-@ curled hairstyle and wearing a burgundy evening gown . She performed " My Saving Grace " , and as at the American Music Awards , images of newspaper headlines and inspirational photographs were projected onto a large screen . Following the performance , Carey was awarded a lifetime achievement award for her contribution to music . Towards the end of March , Charmbracelet was released in Europe and Carey appeared on several television programs to promotion the album . She performed the album 's leading two singles on the British music chart show , Top of the Pops , and a similar set on The Graham Norton Show and Fame Academy . On the latter program , Carey was joined on stage by the show 's finalists , who sang the climax on " Through the Rain " alongside her . 
 
 = = = Tour = = = 
 
 To promote the album , Carey announced a world tour in April 2003 . As of 2003 , " Charmbracelet World Tour : An Intimate Evening with Mariah Carey " was her most extensive tour , lasting over eight months and performing sixty @-@ nine shows in venues worldwide . Before tickets went on sale in the US , venues were switched from large arenas to smaller , more intimate theater shows . According to Carey , the change was made in order to give fans a more intimate show , and something more Broadway @-@ influenced . She said , " It 's much more intimate so you 'll feel like you had an experience . You experience a night with me . " However , while smaller productions were booked for the US leg of the tour , Carey performed at stadia and arenas in Asia and Europe , and performed for a crowd of over 35 @,@ 000 in Manila , 50 @,@ 000 in Malaysia , and to over 70 @,@ 000 people in China . In the UK , it was Carey 's first tour to feature shows outside London ; she performed in Glasgow , Birmingham and Manchester . 
 " Charmbracelet World Tour : An Intimate Evening with Mariah Carey " garnered generally positive reviews from music critics and audiences , many of whom complimented the quality of Carey 's live vocals and the production of the shows . Fans were given the opportunity to request songs from Carey 's catalog , which added to its positive reception . At her concert in Manila , Rito P. Asilo from Philippine Daily Inquirer wrote , " I didn 't expect her voice to be that crystal clear ! " He added , " After 15 songs , we couldn 't seem to get enough of Mariah — and we became a believer ! " . 
 
 = = Re @-@ release = = 
 
 While preparing for the Asian leg of the Charmbracelet World Tour , Carey announced that Charmbraclet would be re @-@ released with four additional tracks on July 26 , 2003 , the first day of the North American leg of the tour . Carey included her duet with Busta Rhymes , " I Know What You Want " , which was released as a single from his album , It Ain 't Safe No More ( 2002 ) , and became Carey 's highest charting song internationally since 2001 , reaching top five peaks in Australia , Canada , the Netherlands , Ireland , Italy , Switzerland , the US and the UK . In an interview with Carson Daly , Carey said , " The Busta Rhymes duet ... has become so successful and we always said I would put it on my album as well . " The re @-@ release also included " There Goes My Heart " , " Got a Thing 4 You " featuring Da Brat and Elephant Man , and " The One ( So So Def Remix ) " featuring Bone Crusher . The re @-@ released version of the album charted for three weeks on the Oricon album chart in Japan , where it peaked at number 96 on the issue dated July 14 , 2003 . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 " Boy ( I Need You ) " contains samples of " Oh Boy " by Cam 'ron & " Call Me " by Tweet . 
 " You Had Your Chance " contains a sample of " I Want 'a Do Something Freaky To You " by Leon Haywood . 
 " Irresistible ( Westside Connection ) " contains a sample of " You Know How We Do It " by Ice Cube 
 " Bringin ' on the Heartbreak " is a cover of " Bringin ' on the Heartbreak " by Def Leppard . 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits for Charmbracelet taken from the album 's liner notes . 
 
 = = = Recording locations = = = 
 
 Recording locations are adapted from Charmbracelet liner notes . 
 
 = = Charts and certifications = = 
 
 
 
 = Thomas Quiney = 
 
 Thomas Quiney ( baptised 26 February 1589 - c . 1662 or 1663 ) was the husband of William Shakespeare 's daughter Judith Shakespeare , and a vintner and tobacconist in Stratford @-@ upon @-@ Avon . Quiney held several municipal offices in the corporation of Stratford @-@ upon @-@ Avon , the highest being chamberlain in 1621 and 1622 , but was also fined for various minor offences . 
 In 1616 , Quiney married Judith Shakespeare . The marriage took place during a season when a special licence was required by the church , and the couple had failed to obtain one , leading to Quiney 's brief excommunication . Quiney was also summoned before the Bawdy Court fewer than two months after the wedding to answer charges of “ carnal copulation ” with a Margaret Wheeler , who died in childbirth . Scholars believe that as a result of these events William Shakespeare altered his will to favour his other daughter , Susanna Hall , and excluded Quiney from his inheritance . 
 Judith and Thomas had three children : Shakespeare , Richard , and Thomas . Shakespeare Quiney died at six months of age , and neither Richard nor Thomas lived past 21 . The death of Judith 's last child led to legal wrangling over William Shakespeare 's will that lasted until 1652 . Scholars speculate that Thomas Quiney may have died in 1662 or 1663 when the burial records are incomplete . 
 
 = = Birth and early life = = 
 
 Thomas Quiney was born in Stratford @-@ upon @-@ Avon and baptised on 26 February 1589 in Holy Trinity Church . He was the son of Richard and Elizabeth Quiney . He had 10 siblings , among them a Richard Quiney who was a grocer in London , Mary Quiney who later married Richard Watts , the vicar of Harbury , and Elizabeth Quiney who married William Chandler . There is no record of Thomas Quiney 's attendance at the local school , but he had sufficient education to write short passages in French , run a business , and hold several municipal offices in his life . 
 
 = = Business and municipal offices = = 
 
 Quiney was a vintner and dealt in tobacco . He held the lease to a house known as “ Atwood 's ” for the purpose of running a tavern , and later traded houses with his brother @-@ in @-@ law , William Chandler , for the larger house known as “ The Cage ” where he set up his vintner 's shop in the upper half . He is recorded as selling wine to the corporation of Stratford @-@ upon @-@ Avon as late as 1650 . 
 He was a man of some education , with knowledge of French and calligraphy . In signing his accounts for 1621 and 1622 as chamberlain he decorated them with a couplet in French from a romance by Mellin de Saint @-@ Gelais . Quiney writes “ Bien heureux est celui qui pour devenir sage , Qui pour le mal d 'autrui fait son apprentissage ” but the original is “ Heureux celui qui pour devenir sage , Du mal d 'autrui fait son apprentissage ” . The original translates into English as “ Happy is he who to become wise , serves his apprenticeship from other men 's troubles ” but Quiney 's version “ … is ungrammatical and without sense ” . 
 He was a well @-@ respected man in the borough , and was elected a burgess and constable in Stratford @-@ upon @-@ Avon in 1617 . In 1621 and 1662 he was acting Chamberlain . In signing his accounts for 1622 – 3 , he did so " with flourishes ” , but the records show that the council voted them “ imperfect ” . Quiney did not attend this meeting , but he did attend the later meeting where the accounts were passed , so they appear to have needed further explanation . 
 Quiney 's reputation was slightly spotted ; he was fined for swearing and for “ suffering townsmen to tipple in his house ” , and was at one point in danger of prosecution for “ dispensing unwholesome and adulterated wine ” . 
 
 = = Marriage = = 
 
 On 10 February 1616 , Thomas Quiney married Judith Shakespeare , William Shakespeare 's daughter , in Holy Trinity Church . The assistant vicar , Richard Watts , who later married Quiney 's sister Mary , probably officiated . The wedding took place during the Lenten season , which was prohibited . In 1616 Lent started on 23 January , Septuagesima Sunday , and ended on 7 April , the Sunday after Easter . The marriage therefore required a special licence , issued by the Bishop of Worcester , which the couple had failed to obtain . A Walter Wright of Stratford was cited for marrying without either banns or licence , so since Quiney was only cited for marrying without the required licence it is presumed that they had posted banns in church . The infraction was a minor one , apparently caused by the minister , as three other couples were also wed that February . Quiney was nevertheless summoned by Walter Nixon to appear before the Consistory court in Worcester . ( This same Walter Nixon was later involved in a Star Chamber case and was found guilty of forging signatures and taking bribes ) . Quiney failed to appear by the required date . The register recorded the judgement , which was excommunication , on or about 12 March 1616 . It is unknown if Judith was also excommunicated , but in any case the punishment did not last long . In November of the same year they were back in church for the baptism of their firstborn child . 
 The marriage did not begin well : Quiney had recently impregnated another woman , Margaret Wheeler , who was to die in childbirth along with the child and was buried on 15 March 1616 . On 26 March 1616 , Quiney appeared before the Bawdy Court , which dealt , among other things , with " whoredom and uncleanliness " . Confessing in open court to " carnal copulation " with Margaret Wheeler , he submitted himself for correction . He was sentenced to open penance " in a white sheet ( according to custom ) " before the congregation on three Sundays . He also had to admit to his crime , this time wearing ordinary clothes , before the Minister of Bishopton in Warwickshire . The first part of the sentence was remitted , essentially letting him off with a five @-@ shilling fine to be given to the parish 's poor . Since Bishopton only had a chapel , he was spared any public humiliation . 
 
 = = Chapel Lane , Atwood 's and The Cage = = 
 
 Where the Quineys lived after being married is unknown . Judith owned her father 's cottage on Chapel Lane , Stratford , while Thomas had held , since 1611 , the lease on a tavern called " Atwood 's " on High Street . The cottage later passed from Judith to her sister as part of the settlement in their father 's will . In July 1616 Thomas swapped houses with his brother @-@ in @-@ law , William Chandler , moving his vintner 's shop to the upper half of a house at the corner of High Street and Bridge Street . Known as " The Cage " , it is the house traditionally associated with Judith Quiney . In the 20th century The Cage was for a time a Wimpy restaurant before being turned into the Stratford Information Office . 
 The Cage provides further insight into why Shakespeare would not have trusted Judith 's husband . Around 1630 Quiney tried to sell the lease on the house but was prevented by his kinsmen . In 1633 , to protect the interests of Judith and the children , the lease was signed over to the trust of : John Hall , Susanna 's husband ; Thomas Nash , the husband of Judith 's niece ; and Richard Watts , vicar of nearby Harbury , who was Quiney 's brother @-@ in @-@ law and who had officiated at Thomas and Judith 's wedding . Eventually , in November 1652 , the lease to The Cage ended up in the hands of Thomas ' eldest brother , Richard Quiney , a grocer in London . 
 
 = = William Shakespeare 's last will and testament = = 
 
 The inauspicious beginnings of Judith 's marriage , in spite of her husband and his family being otherwise unexceptionable , has led to speculation that this was the cause for William Shakespeare 's hastily altered last will and testament . He first summoned his lawyer , Francis Collins , in January 1616 . On 25 March he made further alterations , probably because he was dying and because of his concerns about Quiney . In the first bequest of the will there had been a provision " vnto my sonne in L [ aw ] " ; but " sonne in L [ aw ] " was then struck out , with Judith 's name inserted in its stead . To this daughter he bequeathed £ 100 " in discharge of her marriage porcion " ; another £ 50 if she were to relinquish the Chapel Lane cottage ; and , if she or any of her children were still alive at the end of three years following the date of the will , a further £ 150 , of which she was to receive the interest but not the principal . This money was explicitly denied to Thomas Quiney unless he were to bestow on Judith lands of equal value . In a separate bequest , Judith was given " my broad silver gilt bole " . 
 Finally , for the bulk of his estate , which included his main house , " New Place " , his two houses on Henley Street and various lands in and around Stratford , Shakespeare had set up an entail . His estate was bequeathed , in descending order of choice , to the following : 1 ) his daughter , Susanna Hall ; 2 ) upon Susanna 's death , " to the first sonne of her bodie lawfullie yssueing & to the heires Males of the bodie of the saied first Sonne lawfullie yssueing " ; 3 ) to Susanna 's second son and his male heirs ; 4 ) to Susanna 's third son and his male heirs ; 5 ) to Susanna 's " ffourth ... ffyfth sixte & Seaventh sonnes " and their male heirs ; 6 ) to Elizabeth , Susanna and John Hall 's firstborn , and her male heirs ; 7 ) to Judith and her male heirs ; or 8 ) to whatever heirs the law would normally recognise . This elaborate entail is usually taken to indicate that Thomas Quiney was not to be entrusted with Shakespeare 's inheritance , although some have speculated that it may simply indicate that Susanna was the favoured child . 
 
 = = Children = = 
 
 Judith and Thomas Quiney had three children : Shakespeare ( baptised 23 November 1616 — buried 8 May 1617 ) ; Richard ( baptised 9 February 1618 — buried 6 February 1639 ) ; and Thomas ( baptised 23 January 1620 — buried 28 January 1639 ) . Shakespeare was named for his mother 's father . Richard 's name was common among the Quineys : his other grandfather and an uncle were both named Richard . 
 Shakespeare Quiney died at six months of age . Richard and Thomas Quiney were buried within a month of each other ; they were 19 and 21 years old , respectively . The deaths of all of Judith 's children brought on new legal consequences . The entail on her father 's inheritance led Susanna , along with her daughter and son @-@ in @-@ law , to make a settlement , by use of a rather elaborate legal device , for the inheritance of her own branch of the family . Legal wrangling continued for another thirteen years , until 1652 . 
 
 = = Death = = 
 
 Of Thomas Quiney 's fate the records show little . It is speculated that he may have died in 1662 or 1663 when the parish burial records are incomplete . He certainly had a nephew in London , who by this time held the lease to The Cage . 
 
 
 = Transit of Venus = 
 
 A transit of Venus across the Sun takes place when the planet Venus passes directly between the Sun and a superior planet , becoming visible against ( and hence obscuring a small portion of ) the solar disk . During a transit , Venus can be seen from Earth as a small black disk moving across the face of the Sun . The duration of such transits is usually measured in hours ( the transit of 2012 lasted 6 hours and 40 minutes ) . A transit is similar to a solar eclipse by the Moon . While the diameter of Venus is more than 3 times that of the Moon , Venus appears smaller , and travels more slowly across the face of the Sun , because it is much farther away from Earth . 
 Transits of Venus are among the rarest of predictable astronomical phenomena . They occur in a pattern that generally repeats every 243 years , with pairs of transits eight years apart separated by long gaps of 121 @.@ 5 years and 105 @.@ 5 years . The periodicity is a reflection of the fact that the orbital periods of Earth and Venus are close to 8 : 13 and 243 : 395 commensurabilities . 
 The last transit of Venus was on 5 and 6 June 2012 , and was the last Venus transit of the 21st century ; the prior transit took place on 8 June 2004 . The previous pair of transits were in December 1874 and December 1882 . The next transits of Venus will be on 10 – 11 December 2117 , and 8 December 2125 . 
 Venus transits are historically of great scientific importance as they were used to gain the first realistic estimates of the size of the Solar System . Observations of the 1639 transit , combined with the principle of parallax , provided an estimate of the distance between the Sun and the Earth that was more accurate than any other up to that time . The 2012 transit provided scientists with a number of other research opportunities , particularly in the refinement of techniques to be used in the search for exoplanets . 
 
 = = Conjunctions = = 
 
 Venus , with an orbit inclined by 3 @.@ 4 ° relative to the Earth 's , usually appears to pass under ( or over ) the Sun at inferior conjunction . A transit occurs when Venus reaches conjunction with the Sun at or near one of its nodes — the longitude where Venus passes through the Earth 's orbital plane ( the ecliptic ) — and appears to pass directly across the Sun . Although the inclination between these two orbital planes is only 3 @.@ 4 ° , Venus can be as far as 9 @.@ 6 ° from the Sun when viewed from the Earth at inferior conjunction . Since the angular diameter of the Sun is about half a degree , Venus may appear to pass above or below the Sun by more than 18 solar diameters during an ordinary conjunction . 
 Sequences of transits usually repeat every 243 years . After this period of time Venus and Earth have returned to very nearly the same point in their respective orbits . During the Earth 's 243 sidereal orbital periods , which total 88757 @.@ 3 days , Venus completes 395 sidereal orbital periods of 224 @.@ 701 days each , equal to 88756 @.@ 9 Earth days . This period of time corresponds to 152 synodic periods of Venus . 
 The pattern of 105 @.@ 5 , 8 , 121 @.@ 5 and 8 years is not the only pattern that is possible within the 243 @-@ year cycle , because of the slight mismatch between the times when the Earth and Venus arrive at the point of conjunction . Prior to 1518 , the pattern of transits was 8 , 113 @.@ 5 and 121 @.@ 5 years , and the eight inter @-@ transit gaps before the AD 546 transit were 121 @.@ 5 years apart . The current pattern will continue until 2846 , when it will be replaced by a pattern of 105 @.@ 5 , 129 @.@ 5 and 8 years . Thus , the 243 @-@ year cycle is relatively stable , but the number of transits and their timing within the cycle will vary over time . Since the 243 : 395 Earth : Venus commensurability is only approximate , there are different sequences of transits occurring 243 years apart , each extending for several thousand years , which are eventually replaced by other sequences . For instance , there is a series which ended in 541 BC , and the series which includes 2117 only started in AD 1631 . 
 
 = = History of observation = = 
 
 
 = = = Ancient history = = = 
 
 Ancient Indian , Greek , Egyptian , Babylonian and Chinese observers knew of Venus and recorded the planet 's motions . The early Greek astronomers called Venus by two names — Hesperus the evening star and Phosphorus the morning star . Pythagoras is credited with realizing they were the same planet . There is no evidence that any of these cultures knew of the transits . Venus was important to ancient American civilizations , in particular for the Maya , who called it Noh Ek , " the Great Star " or Xux Ek , " the Wasp Star " ; they embodied Venus in the form of the god Kukulkán ( also known as or related to Gukumatz and Quetzalcoatl in other parts of Mexico ) . In the Dresden Codex , the Maya charted Venus ' full cycle , but despite their precise knowledge of its course , there is no mention of a transit . However , it has been proposed that frescoes found at Mayapan may contain a pictorial representation of the 12th or 13th century transits . 
 
 = = = 1639 – first scientific observation = = = 
 
 In 1627 , Johannes Kepler became the first person to predict a transit of Venus , by predicting the 1631 event . His methods were not sufficiently accurate to predict that the transit would not be visible in most of Europe , and as a consequence , nobody was able to use his prediction to observe the phenomenon . 
 The first recorded observation of a transit of Venus was made by Jeremiah Horrocks from his home at Carr House in Much Hoole , near Preston in England , on 4 December 1639 ( 24 November under the Julian calendar then in use in England ) . His friend , William Crabtree , also observed this transit from Broughton , near Manchester . Kepler had predicted transits in 1631 and 1761 and a near miss in 1639 . Horrocks corrected Kepler 's calculation for the orbit of Venus , realized that transits of Venus would occur in pairs 8 years apart , and so predicted the transit of 1639 . Although he was uncertain of the exact time , he calculated that the transit was to begin at approximately 15 : 00 . Horrocks focused the image of the Sun through a simple telescope onto a piece of paper , where the image could be safely observed . After observing for most of the day , he was lucky to see the transit as clouds obscuring the Sun cleared at about 15 : 15 , just half an hour before sunset . Horrocks ' observations allowed him to make a well @-@ informed guess as to the size of Venus , as well as to make an estimate of the mean distance between the Earth and the Sun — the astronomical unit . He estimated that distance to be 59 @.@ 4 million miles ( 95 @.@ 6 Gm , 0 @.@ 639 AU ) – about two thirds of the actual distance of 93 million miles ( 149 @.@ 6 million km ) , but a more accurate figure than any suggested up to that time . The observations were not published until 1661 , well after Horrocks 's death . 
 
 = = = 1761 and 1769 = = = 
 
 In 1663 Scottish mathematician James Gregory had suggested in his Optica Promota that observations of a transit of the planet Mercury , at widely spaced points on the surface of the Earth , could be used to calculate the solar parallax and hence the astronomical unit using triangulation . Aware of this , a young Edmond Halley made observations of such a transit on 28 October O.S. 1677 from Saint Helena but was disappointed to find that only Richard Towneley in Burnley , Lancashire had made another accurate observation of the event whilst Gallet , at Avignon , simply recorded that it had occurred . Halley was not satisfied that the resulting calculation of the solar parallax at 45 " was accurate . 
 In a paper published in 1691 , and a more refined one in 1716 , he proposed that more accurate calculations could be made using measurements of a transit of Venus , although the next such event was not due until 1761 . Halley died in 1742 , but in 1761 numerous expeditions were made to various parts of the world so that precise observations of the transit could be made in order to make the calculations as described by Halley — an early example of international scientific collaboration . This collaboration was , however , underpinned by competition , the British , for example , being spurred to action only after they heard of French plans from Joseph @-@ Nicolas Delisle . In an attempt to observe the first transit of the pair , astronomers from Britain , Austria and France traveled to destinations around the world , including Siberia , Norway , Newfoundland and Madagascar . Most managed to observe at least part of the transit , but successful observations were made in particular by Jeremiah Dixon and Charles Mason at the Cape of Good Hope . Less successful , at Saint Helena , were Nevil Maskelyne and Robert Waddington , although they put the voyage to good use by trialling the lunar @-@ distance method of finding longitude . 
 The existence of an atmosphere on Venus was concluded by Mikhail Lomonosov on the basis of his observation of the transit of Venus of 1761 from the Imperial Academy of Sciences of St. Petersburg . He used a two @-@ lens achromat refractor and a weak solar filter ( smoked glass ) and reported seeing a bump or bulge of light ( " Lomonosov 's arc " ) off the solar disc as Venus began to exit the Sun . Lomonosov attributed that effect to refraction of solar rays through an atmosphere ; he also reported the appearance of a sliver around the part of Venus that had just entered the Sun 's disk during the initial phase of transit . In 2012 , Pasachoff and Sheehan reported , based on knowing what Venus 's atmosphere would look like because of Pasachoff and Schneider 's observations of the 2004 transit of Venus , that what Lomonosov reported was not Venus 's atmosphere . To make a decisive test , a group of researchers carried out experimental reconstruction of Lomonosov 's discovery of Venusian atmosphere with antique refractors during the transit of Venus on 5 – 6 June 2012 . They observed the " Lomonosov 's arc " and other aureole effects due to Venus 's atmosphere and concluded that Lomonosov 's telescope was fully adequate to the task of detecting the arc of light around Venus off the Sun 's disc during ingress or egress if proper experimental techniques as described by Lomonosov in his 1761 paper are employed . 
 For the 1769 transit , scientists traveled to Tahiti , Norway , and locations in North America including Canada , New England , and San José del Cabo ( Baja California , then under Spanish control ) ; . The Czech astronomer Christian Mayer was invited by Catherine the Great to observe the transit in Saint Petersburg with Anders Johan Lexell , while other members of Russian Academy of Sciences went to eight other locations in the Russian Empire , under the general coordination of Stepan Rumovsky . The Hungarian astronomer Maximilian Hell and his assistant János Sajnovics traveled to Vardø , Norway , delegated by Christian VII of Denmark . William Wales and Joseph Dymond made their observation in Hudson Bay , Canada , for the Royal Society . Observations were made by a number of groups in the British colonies in America . In Philadelphia , the American Philosophical Society erected three temporary observatories and appointed a committee , of which David Rittenhouse was the head . Observations were made by a group led by Dr. Benjamin West in Providence , Rhode Island. and published in 1769 . The results of the various observations in the American colonies were printed in the first volume of the American Philosophical Society 's Transactions , published in 1771 . Comparing the North American observations , William Smith published in 1771 a best value of the solar parallax of 8 @.@ 48 to 8 @.@ 49 arc @-@ seconds , which corresponds to an Earth @-@ sun distance of 24000 times the Earth 's radius , about 3 % different from the correct value . 
 Observations were also made from Tahiti by James Cook and Charles Green at a location still known as " Point Venus " . This occurred on the first voyage of James Cook , after which Cook explored New Zealand and Australia . This was one of five expeditions organised by the Royal Society and the Astronomer Royal Nevil Maskelyne . 
 Jean @-@ Baptiste Chappe d 'Auteroche went to San José del Cabo in what was then New Spain to observe the transit with two Spanish astronomers ( Vicente de Doz and Salvador de Medina ) . For his trouble he died in an epidemic of yellow fever there shortly after completing his observations . Only 9 of 28 in the entire party returned home alive . 
 The unfortunate Guillaume Le Gentil spent eight years travelling in an attempt to observe either of the transits . His unsuccessful journey led to him losing his wife and possessions and being declared dead ( his efforts became the basis of the play Transit of Venus by Maureen Hunter ) . Under the influence of the Royal Society Ruđer Bošković travelled to Istanbul , but arrived too late . 
 Unfortunately , it was impossible to time the exact moment of the start and end of the transit because of the phenomenon known as the " black drop effect " . This effect was long thought to be due to Venus ' thick atmosphere , and initially it was held to be the first real evidence that Venus had an atmosphere . However , recent studies demonstrate that it is an optical effect caused by the smearing of the image of Venus by turbulence in the Earth 's atmosphere or imperfections in the viewing apparatus . 
 In 1771 , using the combined 1761 and 1769 transit data , the French astronomer Jérôme Lalande calculated the astronomical unit to have a value of 153 million kilometers ( ± 1 million km ) . The precision was less than had been hoped for because of the black drop effect , but still a considerable improvement on Horrocks ' calculations . 
 Maximilian Hell published the results of his expedition in 1770 , in Copenhagen . Based on the results of his own expedition , and of Wales and Cook , in 1772 he presented another calculation of the astronomical unit : 151 @.@ 7 million kilometers . Lalande queried the accuracy and authenticity of the Hell expedition , but later he retreated in an article of Journal des sçavans , in 1778 . 
 
 = = = 1874 and 1882 = = = 
 
 Transit observations in 1874 and 1882 allowed this value to be refined further . Three expeditions — from Germany , the United Kingdom and the United States — were sent to the Kerguelen Archipelago for the 1874 observations . The American astronomer Simon Newcomb combined the data from the last four transits , and he arrived at a value of about 149 @.@ 59 million kilometers ( ± 0 @.@ 31 million kilometers ) . Modern techniques , such as the use of radio telemetry from space probes , and of radar measurements of the distances to planets and asteroids in the Solar System , have allowed a reasonably accurate value for the astronomical unit ( AU ) to be calculated to a precision of about ± 30 meters . As a result , the need for parallax calculations has been superseded . 
 
 = = = 2004 and 2012 = = = 
 
 A number of scientific organizations headed by the European Southern Observatory ( ESO ) organized a network of amateur astronomers and students to measure Earth 's distance from the Sun during the transit . The participants ' observations allowed a calculation of the astronomical unit ( AU ) of 149 608 708 km ± 11 835 km which had only a 0 @.@ 007 % difference to the accepted value . 
 There was a good deal of interest in the 2004 transit as scientists attempted to measure the pattern of light dimming as Venus blocked out some of the Sun 's light , in order to refine techniques that they hope to use in searching for extrasolar planets . Current methods of looking for planets orbiting other stars only work for a few cases : planets that are very large ( Jupiter @-@ like , not Earth @-@ like ) , whose gravity is strong enough to wobble the star sufficiently for us to detect changes in proper motion or Doppler shift changes in radial velocity ; Jupiter or Neptune sized planets very close to their parent star whose transit causes changes in the luminosity of the star ; or planets which pass in front of background stars with the planet @-@ parent star separation comparable to the Einstein ring and cause gravitational microlensing . Measuring light intensity during the course of a transit , as the planet blocks out some of the light , is potentially much more sensitive , and might be used to find smaller planets . However , extremely precise measurement is needed : for example , the transit of Venus causes the Sun 's light to drop by a mere 0 @.@ 001 magnitude , and the dimming produced by small extrasolar planets will be similarly tiny . 
 The 2012 transit provided scientists numerous research opportunities as well , in particular in regard to the study of exoplanets . Research of the 2012 Venus transit includes : 
 Measuring dips in a star 's brightness caused by a known planet transiting the Sun will help astronomers find exoplanets . Unlike the 2004 Venus transit , the 2012 transit occurred during an active phase of the 11 @-@ year activity cycle of the Sun , and it is likely to give astronomers practice in picking up a planet 's signal around a " spotty " variable star . 
 Measurements made of the apparent diameter of Venus during the transit , and comparison with its known diameter , will give scientists an idea of how to estimate exoplanet sizes . 
 Observation made of the atmosphere of Venus simultaneously from Earth @-@ based telescopes and from the Venus Express gives scientists a better opportunity to understand the intermediate level of Venus ' atmosphere than is possible from either viewpoint alone . This will provide new information about the climate of the planet . 
 Spectrographic data taken of the well @-@ known atmosphere of Venus will be compared to studies of exoplanets whose atmospheres are thus far unknown . 
 The Hubble Space Telescope , which cannot be pointed directly at the Sun , used the Moon as a mirror to study the light that had passed through the atmosphere of Venus in order to determine its composition . This will help to show whether a similar technique could be used to study exoplanets . 
 
 = = Past and future transits = = 
 
 NASA maintains a catalog of Venus Transits covering the period 2000 BCE to 4000 CE . Currently , transits occur only in June or December ( see table ) and the occurrence of these events slowly drifts , becoming later in the year by about two days every 243 @-@ year cycle . Transits usually occur in pairs , on nearly the same date eight years apart . This is because the length of eight Earth years is almost the same as 13 years on Venus , so every eight years the planets are in roughly the same relative positions . This approximate conjunction usually results in a pair of transits , but it is not precise enough to produce a triplet , since Venus arrives 22 hours earlier each time . The last transit not to be part of a pair was in 1396 . The next will be in 3089 ; in 2854 ( the second of the 2846 / 2854 pair ) , although Venus will just miss the Sun as seen from the Earth 's equator , a partial transit will be visible from some parts of the southern hemisphere . 
 Thus after 243 years the transits of Venus returns . The 1874 transit is a member of the 243 @-@ years cycle # 1 . The 1882 transit is a member of # 2 . The 2004 transit is a member of # 3 and the 2012 transit is a member of # 4 . The 2117 transit is a member of # 1 and so on . However , the ascending node ( December transits ) of the orbit of Venus moves backwards after each 243 years so the transit of 2854 is the last member of series # 3 instead of series # 1 . The descending node ( June transits ) moves forwards , so the transit of 3705 is the last member of # 2 . From -125,000 till + 125 @,@ 000 only about ten series at both nodes each are needed for all the transits of Venus in this very long timespan , because both nodes of the orbit of Venus moves back and forward in time . 
 Over longer periods of time , new series of transits will start and old series will end . Unlike the saros series for lunar eclipses , it is possible for a transit series to restart after a hiatus . The transit series also vary much more in length than the saros series . 
 
 = = Grazing and simultaneous transits = = 
 
 Sometimes Venus only grazes the Sun during a transit . In this case it is possible that in some areas of the Earth a full transit can be seen while in other regions there is only a partial transit ( no second or third contact ) . The last transit of this type was on 6 December 1631 , and the next such transit will occur on 13 December 2611 . It is also possible that a transit of Venus can be seen in some parts of the world as a partial transit , while in others Venus misses the Sun . Such a transit last occurred on 19 November 541 BC , and the next transit of this type will occur on 14 December 2854 . These effects occur due to parallax , since the size of the Earth affords different points of view with slightly different lines of sight to Venus and the Sun . It can be demonstrated by closing an eye and holding a finger in front of a smaller more distant object ; when you open the other eye and close the first , the finger will no longer be in front of the object . 
 The simultaneous occurrence of a transit of Mercury and a transit of Venus does occur , but extremely infrequently . Such an event last occurred on 22 September 373 @,@ 173 BC and will next occur on 26 July 69 @,@ 163 , and again on 29 March 224 @,@ 508 . The simultaneous occurrence of a solar eclipse and a transit of Venus is currently possible , but very rare . The next solar eclipse occurring during a transit of Venus will be on 5 April 15 @,@ 232 . The last time a solar eclipse occurred during a transit of Venus was on 1 November 15 @,@ 607 BC . It could be noticed that the day after the Venerean transit of 3 June 1769 there was a total solar eclipse , which was visible in Northern America , Europe and Northern Asia . 
 
 
 = Ímar mac Arailt = 
 
 Ímar mac Arailt ( died 1054 ) was an eleventh @-@ century ruler of the Kingdom of Dublin and perhaps the Kingdom of the Isles . He was the son of a man named Aralt , and appears to have been a grandson of Amlaíb Cuarán , King of Northumbria and Dublin . Such a relationship would have meant that Ímar was a member of the Uí Ímair , and that he was a nephew of Amlaíb Cuarán 's son , Sitriuc mac Amlaíb , King of Dublin , a man driven from Dublin by Echmarcach mac Ragnaill in 1036 . 
 Ímar 's reign in Dublin spanned at least eight years , from 1038 to 1046 . Although he began by seizing the kingship from Echmarcach in 1038 , he eventually lost it to him in 1046 . As king , Ímar is recorded to have overseen military operations throughout Ireland , and seems to have actively assisted the family of Iago ab Idwal ap Meurig , King of Gwynedd overseas in Wales . After Echmarcach 's final expulsion from Dublin 1052 , Ímar may well have been reinstalled as King of Dublin by Diarmait mac Maíl na mBó , King of Leinster . Whatever the case , Ímar died in 1054 . He may have been an ancestor or close kinsman of Gofraid Crobán , King of Dublin and the Isles , the progenitor of a family that ruled in the Isles until the mid thirteenth century . 
 
 = = Familial background = = 
 
 Ímar was probably the son of Aralt mac Amlaíb ( died 999 ) , a man whose death at the Battle of Glenn Máma is recorded by the Annals of Clonmacnoise , the Annals of the Four Masters , the Annals of Ulster , and Chronicon Scotorum . If this identification is correct , Ímar 's paternal grandfather would have been Amlaíb Cuarán , King of Northumbria and Dublin ( died 980 / 981 ) , and a paternal uncle of Ímar would have been Sitriuc mac Amlaíb , King of Dublin ( died 1042 ) . 
 
 = = Struggle for Dublin = = 
 
 Ímar 's probable uncle , Sitriuc , ruled Dublin for almost fifty years between 989 and 1036 . There is reason to suspect that the latter 's realm included Mann by the second or third decade of the eleventh century . His reign in Dublin was finally put to an end by Echmarcach mac Ragnaill ( died 1064 / 1065 ) , who drove Sitriuc from the coastal town and claimed the kingship for himself . Previously , Sitriuc seems to have been closely aligned with Knútr Sveinnsson ( died 1035 ) , ruler of the kingdoms of England , Denmark , and Norway . Knútr 's apparent authority in the Irish Sea region , coupled with Sitriuc 's seemingly close connections with him , could account for the remarkable security enjoyed by Sitriuc during Knútr 's reign . It is possible that Echmarcach had been bound from taking action against Sitriuc whilst Knútr held power , and that the confusion caused by the latter 's death in 1035 enabled Echmarcach to exploit the situation and seize control of the Irish Sea region . Although there is no direct evidence that Echmarcach controlled Mann by this date , Sitriuc does not appear to have taken refuge on the island after his expulsion from Dublin . This seems to suggest that the island was outside Sitriuc 's possession , and may indicate that Mann had fallen into the hands of Echmarcach sometime before . In fact , it is possible that Echmarcach used the island to launch his takeover of Dublin . 
 Echmarcach 's hold on Dublin was short @-@ lived as the Annals of Tigernach records that Ímar replaced him as King of Dublin in 1038 . This annal @-@ entry has been interpreted to indicate that Ímar drove Echmarcach from the kingship . There is reason to suspect that Þórfinnr Sigurðarson , Earl of Orkney ( died c . 1065 ) extended his presence into the Isles and the Irish Sea region at about this period . The evidence of Þórfinnr 's power in the Isles could suggest that he possessed an active interest in the ongoing struggle over the Dublin kingship . In fact , Þórfinnr 's predatory operations in the Irish Sea region may have contributed to Echmarcach 's loss of Dublin in 1038 . 
 It is conceivable that Ímar received some form of support from Knútr 's son and successor in Britain , Haraldr Knútsson , King of England ( died 1040 ) . The latter was certainly in power when Ímar replaced Echmarcach , and an association between Ímar and Haraldr could explain why the Annals of Ulster reports the latter 's death two years later . Ímar 's reign lasted about eight years , and one of his first royal acts appears to have been the invasion of Rathlin Island within the year . The fact that he proceeded to campaign in the North Channel could indicate that Echmarcach had held power in this region before his acquisition of Mann and Dublin . 
 In 1044 , the Annals of Tigernach records that Ímar penetrated into the domain of the Uí Fhíachrach Arda Sratha and killed their chief . The annal @-@ entry also indicates that Ímar stormed the church of Armagh , and burned Scrín Pátraic ( the " Shrine of Patrick " ) in the attack . The following year , he again invaded Rathlin Island , and his subsequent slaughter of three hundred noblemen of the Ulaid , including a certain heir apparent named Ragnall Ua Eochada , is documented by the Annals of Clonmacnoise , the Annals of Inisfallen , the Annals of Tigernach , and the Annals of the Four Masters . This remarkable action may indicate that the Dubliners and Ulaid were battling for control of Rathlin Island . If so , it could be evidence that Ímar enjoyed the possession of Mann by this date . The domain of the Ulaid is certainly the closest Irish territory to Mann , and the control of the Manx fleet could account for the Dubliner 's ability to challenge the Ulaid . Whatever the case , within the year Niall mac Eochada , King of Ulaid ( died 1063 ) is recorded to have attacked Fine Gall — Dublin 's agriculturally @-@ rich northern hinterland — in what may have been a retaliatory raid . 
 The following year , the Annals of Tigernach states that Echmarcach succeeded Ímar . The Annals of the Four Masters specifies that Ímar was driven from the kingship by Echmarcach , who was then elected king by the Dubliners . After this point in Ímar 's life , all that is known for certain is that he died in 1054 , as recorded by the Annals of Ulster and the Annals of Loch Cé . Nevertheless , since these sources style Ímar in Gaelic rí Gall ( " king of the foreigners " ) , there may be evidence to suggest that , when Diarmait mac Maíl na mBó , King of Leinster ( died 1072 ) drove Echmarcach from Dublin in 1052 , Diarmait reinstalled Ímar as king . 
 After Ímar 's death , Diarmait appears to have appointed his own son , Murchad ( died 1070 ) , control of Dublin later that decade , as the Annals of the Four Masters accords him the title tigherna Gall , meaning " lord of the foreigners " in 1059 . In 1061 , Murchad invaded Mann and seems to have overthrown Echmarcach . Both father and son were dead by 1072 , and the Annals of Tigernach describes Diarmait on his death that year as King of the Isles ( rí Innsi Gall , literally " king of the isles of the foreigners " ) , a declaration which seems to indicate that , by the eleventh century at least , the kingship of the Isles was contingent upon control of Mann . 
 
 = = Involvement in Wales = = 
 
 The principal Welsh monarch during Ímar 's reign was Gruffudd ap Llywelyn ( died 1063 / 1064 ) . One of the latter 's main rivals was Iago ab Idwal ap Meurig , King of Gwynedd ( died 1039 ) , a man who had killed Gruffudd 's father in 1023 , and thenceforth ruled Gwynedd until his own demise in 1039 . Gruffudd himself may have been responsible for Iago 's slaying , and certainly succeeded to the kingship of Gwynedd after his death . It was likely in the context of Iago 's fall and this resulting regime change that the latter 's son , Cynan ( fl . 1064 ) , fled overseas and sought refuge in Dublin . 
 According to Historia Gruffud vab Kenan , the mother of Cynan 's son was Ragnailt ingen Amlaíb , a paternal granddaughter of Sitriuc . Further revealed by this source is the fact that this woman 's father , Amlaíb mac Sitriuc , built and commanded a Welsh fortress called Castell Avloed . Although it is unknown how long the Dubliners possessed the fortress , in 1036 another son of Sitriuc was slain in Wales by an apparent kinsman , an event which could be evidence of a struggle for control of the site . Echmarcach 's aforesaid expulsion of Sitriuc from Dublin in the same year could in turn indicate that this exiled monarch sought refuge in Wales . 
 Despite the uncertainty of its specific location , Castell Avloed appears to have been situated in territory formerly controlled by Iago , and there is reason to suspect that — after Iago 's fall and Cynan 's flight — Ímar oversaw military actions against Gruffudd . Three years later , for example , Brut y Tywysogion and the " B " and " C " versions of Annales Cambriæ report that this Welsh king was captured by forces from Dublin . The episode is further elaborated upon by a sixteenth @-@ century text compiled by David Powell ( died 1598 ) and a seventeenth @-@ century text by compiled by James Ware . According to these admittedly late versions of events , Gruffudd was captured by the Dubliners in the context of them supporting the cause of Cynan . The accounts further state that Gruffudd managed to escape his captors when the Dubliners were counterattacked by Welsh forces before they could return to Ireland . The evidence of Cynan cooperating with the Dubliners against Gruffudd suggests that , not only was Ímar personally involved as king , but that the Welsh fortress of Castell Avloed was still controlled by the Dubliners . 
 Another conflict that could have involved Ímar and the military forces of Dublin was Gruffudd 's final defeat of Hywel ab Edwin , King of Deheubarth ( died 1044 ) . According to Brut y Tywysogion and the " B " version of Annales Cambriæ this last stand of Hywel took place at the mouth of the River Tywi — perhaps in the vicinity of Carmarthen — and included Vikings from Ireland who supported Hywel 's cause . It is apparent that Gruffudd 's adversaries generally utilised foreign military support from Ireland 's Viking enclaves . Certainly , the Book of Llandaff declares that Gruffudd struggled against English , Irish , and Vikings during his career . 
 
 = = Ancestral figure = = 
 
 Ímar may have been the father , uncle , or possibly even the brother of Gofraid Crobán , King of Dublin and the Isles ( died 1095 ) . In 1091 , the Annals of Tigernach reveals that Gofraid possessed the kingship of Dublin in an annal @-@ entry recording his patronym as " ... mac Maic Arailt " . The Chronicle of Mann , on the otherhand , gives Gofraid 's patronym as " ... filius Haraldi nigri de Ysland " . Whilst the former source identifies Gofraid as the son of a man named Aralt ( Old Norse Haraldr ) , the latter identifies Gofraid as the paternal grandson of a man so named . 
 In the aforesaid record of the military actions conducted in 1044 , Ímar is merely named as the son of Aralt , a fact which could indicate that this was how he was known to his contemporaries . If correct , the patronym preserved by the Chronicle of Mann could merely be a garbled form of this style . 
 The patronym given by the Chronicle of Mann states that Gofraid 's father was from " Ysland " , a place which could refer to either Iceland , Islay , or Ireland . Other than this passage , there is no evidence hinting of a connection between Gofraid and Iceland . The chronicle elsewhere states that Gofraid died on Islay , although the island 's name is rendered " Ile " in this case . If " Ysland " instead refers to Ireland , the spelling could be the result of influence from a source originating in England , or a source written in Mediaeval French . 
 
 
 = Tessa Noël = 
 
 Tessa Noël is a fictional character in the television series Highlander : The Series , portrayed by Alexandra Vandernoot . A mortal artist and sculptor , Tessa is the French lover of the protagonist Immortal , Duncan MacLeod , played by Adrian Paul . Tessa is introduced in the pilot episode " The Gathering " , first shown in 1992 , and appears in all subsequent episodes until " The Darkness " ( 1993 ) , the fourth episode of season two , in which she is killed . Vandernoot returned to the program for a number of guest appearances in the season two finale , " Counterfeit " , broadcast in 1994 , and the two @-@ part series conclusion " To Be " / " Not To Be " ( 1998 ) . 
 Tessa is MacLeod 's mortal companion and bears the consequences of his immortality . These include her aging while he does not , the impossibility of having children together and the dangers of MacLeod 's involvement in the Game , an ongoing battle in which all Immortals must behead each other until a single victor remains . Fully aware of this situation , Tessa stays with MacLeod , demonstrating her courage , understanding , generosity and compassion . 
 The first series of Highlander was a multi @-@ national co @-@ production including the French entertainment conglomerate Gaumont , which resulted in a French @-@ speaking actor playing Tessa . Vandernoot had to adapt to the North American , fast @-@ paced method of series production and worked with a dialect coach . Her performance was generally praised by reviewers , who especially praised the strong on @-@ screen relationship that Vandernoot and Paul created between their characters . When Vandernoot decided to leave the show , her character was killed , leading to fierce protests among the show 's audience and subsequently prompted the producers to have Vandernoot play an evil lookalike of Tessa in the episode " Counterfeit " . Despite her return , Tessa 's death influenced the rest of the series , making it more pessimistic , and creating a significant precedent ; Tessa was the first main character of the series to die . 
 
 = = Story arc = = 
 
 Tessa Noël is a central character , who appeared in every episode of the first season of Highlander : The Series , and in the first four episodes of the second . After the character 's death , she later returned for cameo appearances in the episodes " Counterfeit Part Two " in the second season , and " To Be " and " Not To Be " , the sixth season 's final two episodes . 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 Tessa was born on August 28 , 1958 in Lille , France . When she was seven years old , she fell in love for the first time with then @-@ nineteen @-@ year @-@ old Alan Rothwood ( Anthony Head ) . Tessa recalls in " Nowhere To Run " that she was " heartbroken " when he completed his studies and left the country . She remembered that at her first Christmas party in the ballroom of Alan 's house , she " couldn 't believe anything could be so beautiful . " Tessa mentions in " See No Evil " that she was educated at the Sorbonne in Paris , France . 
 Tessa 's first encounter with MacLeod is shown in a flashback sequence in " For Evil 's Sake " . She had recently left the Sorbonne and was working as an artist and conducting tours of the River Seine in Paris . In May 1980 , to escape Immortal Christoph Kuyler ( Peter Howitt ) who was trying to behead him , MacLeod jumped on a Bateau Mouche on which Tessa was working , and charmed her so that he could stay on board . Another flashback scene in the episode " Counterfeit Part Two " shows how MacLeod revealed his immortality to Tessa . On April 1 , 1983 , MacLeod made Tessa shoot him in the chest with a pistol . After he revived , MacLeod revealed himself to be an Immortal who could not age or father children , but did not mention the Game . MacLeod expected Tessa to show disgust or fear , but instead Tessa expressed compassion and sadness for his loneliness . As Tessa remains unaware of the Game , MacLeod occasionally fights other Immortals without her knowledge . 
 
 = = = Season one = = = 
 
 When the series begins , Tessa and MacLeod have been in a relationship for twelve years and are the proprietors of an antiques store , " MacLeod and Noel 's Antiques " , in the fictional city of Seacouver , Washington , United States . Immortals Slan Quince ( Richard Moll ) and Connor MacLeod ( Christopher Lambert ) break into their store , making Tessa aware of the Game . When she learns of this ultimate battle of good and evil , in which Duncan MacLeod must behead or be beheaded , she sarcastically remarks ; " And you didn 't think it was important enough to mention . " When Quince threatens Tessa to distract MacLeod , she first wants to flee with MacLeod , who prepared for her departure and beheads Quince . Aware that other Immortals will challenge MacLeod , Tessa decides to stay with him . They also allow Richie Ryan ( Stan Kirsch ) , a quick @-@ talking petty thief and street punk , to live with them because he was aware of MacLeod 's immortality . 
 In " Eyewitness " ( 1993 ) , Tessa witnesses the brutal murder of former artist Anne Wheeler ( Diana Barrington ) , and reacts angrily when she realizes that the police will do nothing about it , saying : " I 'm not hysterical , I don 't see things , and I 'm not looking for attention . I just want something to be done . " She decides to find the murderer on her own . When MacLeod tells Tessa that she is stronger than Anne , and that if something happened to him she would be fine , Tessa retorts , " You only think so because it suits you . " The murderer is Chief Police Officer Andrew Ballin ( Tom Butler ) who is beheaded by MacLeod after Ballin failed to kill Tessa . 
 In " Band of Brothers " ( 1993 ) , Tessa is chosen as the curator of a traveling exhibition entitled " An historical retrospective on sculpture and form " , which is based in Paris , France . Meanwhile , Immortal Grayson ( James Horan ) is seeking Victor Paulus , a protegee of MacLeod 's friend Darius ( Werner Stocker ) . Tessa decides to leave to Paris before MacLeod fights Grayson and her parting words are : " Remember . Paris is our city . I 'll be waiting for you " . After MacLeod beheads Grayson , he , Tessa and Richie , live in a barge on the Seine near Notre Dame de Paris . 
 In " Avenging Angel " ( 1993 ) , MacLeod and Tessa search for information about newborn Immortal Alfred Cahill ( Martin Kemp ) . Becoming Immortal has made Cahill insane ; he believes he is an angel sent by God to free the world from sin . Cahill starts with the last prostitute he met , Tessa 's old friend , Elaine Trent ( Sandra Nelson ) . Tessa is angry to learn the fate of her intelligent , beautiful friend , but later realizes that she " [ sounds ] like her judge and jury . " MacLeod believes that the only way to stop Cahill is to behead him , despite Tessa 's opinion that " Enlightened societies don 't kill their insane . They treat them . " When Cahill comes to the barge looking for MacLeod and finds Tessa alone , Tessa diverts him by welcoming Cahill as a messenger of God . Later , she tells MacLeod with disgust , " I had to crawl inside his head ... I had to think like him ... I had to become like him . " 
 
 = = = Season two = = = 
 
 The first episode of the second season , " The Watchers " ( 1993 ) , shows Tessa , MacLeod and Richie settling back to their antiques store in Seacouver and meeting the Watchers , a secret society that observes Immortals without interfering . In " The Darkness " ( 1993 ) , Tessa meets a fortune teller named Greta ( Traci Lords ) who urges her to flee the city . This reminds MacLeod of another fortune teller , who , back in 1848 , predicted that he would bury many women , but marries none . MacLeod impulsively asks Tessa to marry him , to which she agrees . The next day , Tessa is abducted by Pallin Wolf ( Andrew Jackson ) , a renegade Watcher who wants to behead MacLeod . In the meantime , MacLeod tells Richie that he is getting married because of the thought of losing Tessa . Tessa holds her ground in front of Wolf and tries to escape , but Wolf brings her back to her cell . MacLeod finally finds them and kills Wolf , then sends Tessa home with Richie . On their way to the car , Tessa and Richie are shot dead by Marc Roszca ( Travis MacDonald ) , a drug addict wanting their money . Richie 's previously unknown immortality is revealed when he returns to life on the spot , but Tessa dies . MacLeod , devastated , leaves their home and sells the antique store . 
 " Eye For An Eye " ( 1993 ) shows the aftermath of Tessa 's death . MacLeod tells Richie , " She was part of our lives , Richie . Never pretend she wasn 't . " MacLeod also advises Richie to get used to her loss , because it " won 't be the last time it happens to you . " Later , while MacLeod trains Richie roughly so that he can face Immortal Annie Devlin ( Sheena Easton ) , Richie angrily tells MacLeod , " You can 't get past it , Mac . I know . You 've seen a lot of people die . But you had to be the hero , you sent us out to the car that night , you could have been there ... You look me in the eyes and you tell me you don 't blame yourself for her death . " Some time later , MacLeod bitterly tells Devlin , " Nothing you do brings anyone back . Once they 're dead ... nothing . " 
 In the two @-@ part finale to series two , " Counterfeit " ( 1994 ) , James Horton ( Peter Hudson ) , a renegade Watcher who believes all Immortals must be eliminated , uses killer Lisa Halle ( Meilani Paul ) to try and kill MacLeod . Lisa undergoes plastic surgery to resemble Tessa and therefore is played by Vandernoot from that point on . MacLeod meets Lisa just after he admitted to himself how much he missed Tessa , and he is stunned by her resemblance with Tessa . Despite knowing that Tessa is dead and cannot return , he eagerly pursues a relationship with Lisa . He eventually admits the truth when he discovers a scar on Lisa 's jaw . Horton kills Lisa on Tessa 's grave before being himself killed by MacLeod . 
 " To Be " and " Not To Be " ( 1998 ) , the series finale , respectively depict MacLeod dreaming of a world in which he was never born . Vandernoot reprises her role as Tessa , this time never having met MacLeod . Tessa leads an unsatisfactory life in which she has a husband and children , but is forced to sacrifice her art and sculpture . In this storyline she has an affair with MacLeod but feels she has betrayed her husband . 
 
 = = Characteristics = = 
 
 
 = = = Relationship with MacLeod = = = 
 
 Tessa , and Kirsch 's character Richie , were designed as MacLeod 's mortal companions and contacts . Tessa and MacLeod are lovers and share deep feelings for each other . Adrian Paul commented that MacLeod spent twelve years with Tessa without wanting another relationship and that " ... she was a very important part of his life " . Vandernoot thought that " ... the relationship between Tessa and MacLeod was very deep because very soon , he told her about himself ( ... ) because he trusted her , and I think trust is a very good definition of their relationship . She trusted him entirely and he trusted her . " Tessa is thus MacLeod 's only mortal lover who knows of his immortality . 
 However , executive producer Bill Panzer was intrigued by the idea that a mortal would want to spend their life with an Immortal , this choice having several drawbacks . MacLeod does not age , while Tessa is mortal and will age . Despite their mutual wish , they know growing old together is impossible and this uneasy thought " ... haunts them both , sometimes more than others . " As an Immortal , MacLeod is also sterile and Tessa resigns herself to having no children . " The Sea Witch " deals with Tessa 's choice and its impact upon her life . In this episode , Tessa becomes very fond of a four @-@ year @-@ old girl and muses ; " For a while there , just for a few hours ... I felt like she was mine . I liked how it felt . But , she 's not ... I have my own life and it 's more than enough . " Panzer commented that " The Sea Witch " " ... brings forth in a very powerful way what exactly [ Tessa ] ' s giving up to be with MacLeod . " 
 Tessa occasionally meets MacLeod 's previous Immortal lovers . In " The Lady and the Tiger " , she immediately dislikes Amanda ( played by Elizabeth Gracen ) and the script notes that " ... sparks fly between the two women " . Although she quickly earns Amanda 's respect , Tessa feels like she has to compete with Amanda , while Amanda comments that Tessa is " ... quite refreshing in a gauche sort of way . " Gracen played Amanda 's interaction with Tessa ambiguously and a little flirtatiously . Tessa is usually jealous of MacLeod 's past lovers , but acknowledges in " Saving Grace " that " ... it would take me several lifetimes to find out everything in Duncan 's past . I know there 've been others , but I never thought I would meet one of them . " 
 In addition , Tessa shares with MacLeod the consequences of his involvement in the Game . She dislikes the Game and would like to escape from it with him , since she fears for his life . According to Vandernoot , Tessa " ... always thought that she [ would ] die before [ MacLeod ] " , but when he told her about the Game during " The Gathering " , " she [ realised ] that he [ could ] be killed " , thus she avoided thinking about it . Another consequence of the Game is that Tessa is sometimes exposed to danger from Immortals who want to use her to pressure MacLeod . Despite being captured by Quince in " The Gathering " , by the time of " Band of Brothers " , she is able to face Grayson : " If you think [ MacLeod ] will stand by , ... you have misjudged him terribly . So you 'd better kill me , now , and be done with it . " Grayson releases her and calls her " ... a remarkable woman , well worth keeping alive . " Consequently , Tessa is fully aware of the risks of their relationship , but stays with MacLeod , explaining in " Eyewitness " that " I know the risks I choose to take ... I stay with you because I want to . I won 't run . I 'm not the little woman and I 'll never be barefoot and pregnant . We all have things to face . This is mine . " However , she finds difficult to deal with her fears when MacLeod leaves to fight another Immortal . 
 
 = = = Character traits = = = 
 
 Vandernoot found Tessa 's personality " ... very nice , " " very understanding , generous , supportive . " MacLeod appreciates that Tessa always has a way of reminding him of his humanity . In " For Evil 's Sake " , she tells a guilt @-@ ridden MacLeod that " You may be Immortal , but you 're not omnipotent ... The world is not your responsibility . " Tessa often jokes about MacLeod 's immortality , for example telling him in " For Tomorrow We Die " that the last time MacLeod " ... wore a tuxedo was on the deck of the Titanic . " 
 Tessa is able to empathise with others , feel as they do , think as they do and so become like them . When MacLeod revealed his immortality to Tessa in " Counterfeit Part Two " , she can show compassion instead of the fear or disgust he expects : " I was just thinking how lonely you must be . Your parents , your friends ... having them all die . " Tessa is a very empathic and understanding character , for example , in " Saving Grace " , she is jealous of MacLeod 's former lover Grace ; however , when MacLeod assures her that he no longer loves Grace , her response is simply that " ... that 's all that need to be said . She 's your friend and she 's been hurt . You 'll help her . I 'd expect you to do no less . " 
 Furthermore , Tessa demonstrates great courage , for example in " Mountain Men " , where she is abducted by three mountain men led by Immortal Caleb Cole , who wants to marry her . Tessa refuses to submit and spreads doubt among them , resulting in Cole finally killing one of his own men before MacLeod rescues her . Reviewer Rob Lineberger of DVDVerdict.com commented that " ... this episode shows the tough stuff Tessa is made of . " Tessa is a very selfless character , although it has , occasionally , been known to put her into rather sticky situations , for example , in the episode " See No Evil " , Tessa 's friend , Natalie , is attacked by serial killer Michael Tanovsky and Tessa uses herself as bait : " Nobody 's watching over his next victim , Duncan ... and she 's going to die if you and I don 't stop him . " Lineberger commented that " [ in " See No Evil " ] , Tessa gets a taste for how Duncan 's life must feel when she faces the killer . " She hits Tanovsky with her car , telling MacLeod " I thought ridding the world of evil would feel better than this . " Panzer comments that having Tessa stop the killer " ... was kind of an unusual idea [ in television in 1992 ] , and this was the subject of a lot of meetings with [ then @-@ supervising producer ] David Abramowitz , myself and the people from the various networks , domestic and foreign , who were involved . " Tessa has a reputation for speaking frankly and for refusing to tolerate any nonsense . In " Innocent Man " , when MacLeod refuses to take her where an evil Immortal is , she says , " I know why you don 't want me there . You 're afraid that what happened to Lucas [ MacLeod 's friend who has just been beheaded ] could happen to you . " Tessa has no self @-@ pity and " ... doesn 't like euphemisms " . For example , in " For Tomorrow We Die " , MacLeod calls her " contrary by nature " Tessa parks her car without regard to interdictions , can drive a speedboat , is a poor chess player and dislikes war . 
 
 = = = Employment and career = = = 
 
 Tessa is a prominent professional artist . She organises exhibitions of her works and sells a metallic sculpture to the City of Seacouver to adorn a park . Tessa is often seen making art works and welding large pieces of metal together , drawing or using modelling clay . She is also seen sketching people with whom she has problems . Tessa believes that " ... an artist should never grow complacent . Change is good , " and fears the Paris art critics because " ... they are the worst " . 
 
 = = Character concept and development = = 
 
 In the script of " The Gathering " , Tessa is described as " ... a beautiful , elegantly casual woman , artist , free spirit , and proprietor of the most unusual antique shop in the city . " The script of the episode " Saving Grace " says that she has grace and style . Tessa is portrayed as a tall , thin woman with blonde hair and blue eyes . Because Highlander : The Series was an international co @-@ production , the producers cast a French @-@ speaking actor to play Tessa . Producer Gary Goodman explained that they wanted someone " ... that would be appealing on a television screen ... in the sense that you were comfortable with her accent and her character " . They chose Belgian actress Alexandra Vandernoot because she " ... was able to be exotic , pretty and not so unfamiliar to an American audience that she was accepted . " 
 Vandernoot recalled , " I think I was quite close to Tessa , she was very well written , very easy to play and I wish I was like that . I 'm not sure I 'd like that but ... it 's very nice , you know , to play a character with nice feelings and nice emotions . " Vandernoot had to adapt to the North American way of filming series and learn to work fast . She said that filming the series was " ... exhausting but formative " , and that filming in English was " challenging " . Vandernoot , who is a native French speaker , had a dialect coach . 
 Vandernoot and Paul created a strong on @-@ screen relationship between their characters . David Abramowitz , creative consultant from the second season onwards , said , " When I saw her and Adrian together , I thought that if I died , and there was a Mount Olympus , that the two of them would be standing together with thunderbolts around them . They were god @-@ like . They were so beautiful and had such presence . " Paul said that he was " detached " from the fictional relationship between Tessa and MacLeod , but that " ... it was a good relationship " . Later , he said he " ... was sad to see it go . " 
 Producer Barry Rosen said , " We were very lucky that [ Vandernoot and Kirsch ] were so human @-@ grounded , so we could really play off of them and the way they looked at things that [ Paul ] went through . They were also able to get into real @-@ life situations , romances , getting in trouble , jealousies and so on . " Although Vandernoot and Kirsch are three years apart in age ( Vandernoot being the older of the two ) , on set Vandernoot treated Kirsch like a young boy , while Kirsch seemed to her like a younger brother because of his youthful appearance . 
 
 = = Death = = 
 
 In 1993 , Vandernoot wanted to leave the show because shooting Highlander was too demanding and required her to spend several months each year in Canada . Vandernoot also wanted to spend more time with her family . According to Abramowitz , a further , artistic , reason was that " ... a small part of [ Vandernoot ] being a really strong actress wanted to play a more aggressive part in the show and sadly , the nature of the beast was that it couldn 't happen and she made a decision . " Panzer said that creating interesting female characters in the Highlander franchise was often a challenge because the producers found it difficult to " ... have the women be something other than a victim , a hostage , other things when [ one is ] dealing with an immortal hero . " Consequently , the creative staff needed to write Tessa out of the show but were restricted because of the character 's strong relationship with MacLeod . Associate Creative Consultant Gillian Horvath said that , " There was no way ... to have a scene where she said , ' Okay , I 'm going to go to Paris without you . Nice knowing you , MacLeod . ' " The writers decided that the only solution was for Tessa to die , despite Abramowitz 's feeling that her death was " ... sad " and " ... heartbreaking " . 
 Tessa 's death occurs in the fourth episode of the second season ; " The Darkness " . The creative staff decided Tessa would die in a random carjacking incident . Tessa 's death played no role in the episode 's main storyline . It was not formulaic ; the writers wanted to shock the audience . Abramowitz said that " ... it would have been easier to kill her off in the episode , " but the writers " ... wanted it to be a surprise and show how shocking [ Tessa 's death ] was to [ them ] . " Horvath said that " ... losing a loved one to a random act of violence isn 't something that only happens to television action heroes or Immortals or people in another type of life , it happens in the real world too- totally unexpectedly , at a moment that makes no sense dramatically . " Tessa 's death scene shows MacLeod kneeling next to Tessa and cuddling her , then Richie reviving and speaking with MacLeod . 
 During the filming of the episode , however , no dialog was recorded . The final version of the episode shown in North America did not show Richie revive . The European version showed Richie reviving , but no dialog was present . This scene was later re @-@ recorded in Paris in 1994 during the filming of the season finale " Counterfeit Part Two " , this time including the dialog . However , this footage was not seen in the final version ; the footage was eventually used in the season four episode " Leader of the Pack " . 
 
 = = = Viewers ' reception = = = 
 
 " The Darkness " had the desired effect ; Lineberger wrote that " I was taken aback by the dark tone and emotional range generated by this episode . Highlander is a fantasy series , yet I cared about the characters as though I know them ... Vandernoot gave Tessa such vitality and charm that her death left me reeling . " Abramowitz said that Tessa 's death strongly angered many viewers , and that " ... people hated me for killing her . " 
 The audience became angrier still when in the following episode , " Eye For An Eye " , MacLeod made love to Immortal Annie Devlin . Abramowitz explained the creative decision of his staff by saying that " ... someone once told me that death was an aphrodisiac . It 's a thing that pushes you to life and the greatest thing in life , that 's ' seize life ' , is sex . " Lineberger wrote in his review of " Eye For An Eye " , " This one caused an uproar — one I feel is justified . [ Abramowitz ] gave a defense ( in my opinion a weak one ) ( ... ) I have a high tolerance for insensitive guy stuff , but this got to me . When Duncan rolled into Annie 's arms , part of me smirked in appreciation of Duncan 's magnetic charm . But the rest of me found his actions cruel to the viewers . " Abramowitz confirmed that " ... the fans hated it . And the women wanted to string me up . I was a ' cad ' and a ' card ' ... " Paul also reported an angry reaction from the audience after the seventh episode , " The Return of Amanda " , in which MacLeod sleeps with Amanda . 
 Tessa 's death was a turning point in Highlander : The Series . It marked the first time that a regular character died in the show ; it would be followed by the deaths of Charlie DeSalvo and Richie Ryan . Horvath recalled that " ... it changed the tone of the show . It made Highlander the show where you couldn 't be positive that the characters were safe because they were in the credits . " Tessa 's death also gave the show a pessimistic tone that influenced the remaining characters . Rosen explained that " ... in the years that followed without her and with [ Kirsch 's character ] becoming Immortal , ( ... ) you had to play the show differently . " Lineberger said that " Richie and Duncan relate to each other differently from now on , and Duncan is bereft of much of his joy [ and ] moodier as well . Tessa is no longer around to lighten him . " 
 
 = = = " Counterfeit " = = = 
 
 Tessa remained extremely popular with the audience after her death , prompting the producers to develop the season two finale episode " Counterfeit " to bring her back . According to Kirsch , Vandernoot did not realize her , or her character 's , popularity before attending conventions . Paul said that Vandernoot was surprised that her character had so much influence on the show and that her return was " ... fun for her to do , especially to play a different character which was similar to Tessa but also had an evil intent to her . " 
 The " Counterfeit " story features the character Lisa undergoing plastic surgery to become Tessa 's double . Lisa was played by Meilani Paul before the surgery and by Vandernoot after it . The producers wondered whether the story needed to explain the change in Lisa 's voice , as she would be played by a different actor . They considered suggesting that her voice changed because of the surgery , then decided that Lisa would have voice training . After her operation , Lisa speaks with Vandernoot 's voice when posing as Tessa , and with Meilani Paul 's voice when the character was not acting . This was achieved using automated dialogue replacement during post @-@ production . 
 Adrian Paul said that Vandernoot portrayed Lisa as a smoker to mark her out as a different character from Tessa . Paul also said that his lovemaking scene with Vandernoot had to reflect the different relationship between MacLeod and Lisa from that between MacLeod and Tessa . According to Paul , Lisa was more like a temptress to MacLeod than was Tessa . According to Panzer , the original script featured Horton sending Lisa to kill MacLeod on the latter 's barge . After reading the draft script , Adrian Paul thought the idea of Lisa trying to kill MacLeod on Tessa 's grave would have a more dramatic effect . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 Bill Panzer said that Tessa became popular with the program 's audience . Rob Lineberger called Tessa " ... beautiful and spirited , " and said that " ... she is the perfect mortal foil for MacLeod 's heavy concerns . She lightens and strengthens him . " Reviewer Abbie Bernstein of the Audio Video Revolution website wrote that Tessa was " ... depicted not as a screechy , in @-@ the @-@ dark Lois Lane but rather as a woman who handles her lover ’ s supernatural aspects with remarkable pragmatism . " Berstein added that Tessa was " estimable " and " ... an unusually gutsy love interest ( not to mention a refreshing sexually active heroine , as opposed to the coy ' sexual tension ' -generating females who usually populate the genre ) . " Other reviewers had a more negative opinion . Reviewer Gord Lacey of TVShowsOnDVD.com " ... found it odd that everyone liked Tessa because [ he ] found her rather annoying . " Reviewer Doug Anderson of The Sydney Morning Herald wrote that Tessa was " ... too arty and sympathetic to serve any purpose other than an emotional spur for the hero 's vengeance . " 
 Reviewer David M. Gutierrez , also of DVDVerdict.com , noted the " ... strong on @-@ screen chemistry between Tessa and MacLeod . " So did Lineberger : " One gets the feeling they have been together for years , though the series is fresh out of the box , " and he added , " Together , they are a model couple . They have healthy banter , intense arguments , plenty of romance , and an easy comfort with each other . " Bernstein wrote ; " Paul and Vandernoot are charming separately and together " . Joanne Ostrow of The Denver Post wrote that " Paul and Vandernoot don 't look like typical American TV @-@ style bimbos and hunks , and for good reason . They were cast to appeal internationally . " 
 Discussing Vandernoot 's performance , Lineberger called her a " ... gifted actor " , saying that " ... she has the poise , restraint , and grace to be both sensual and frustrated , accomplished yet vulnerable , mortal but aware of greater concerns . " John Goff of Variety noted that Vandernoot was " attractive " and Anderson called her a " ... Michelle Pfeiffer look @-@ alike . " 
 Reviewing the episode " Counterfeit " , Gutierrez wrote that " ... despite the fact that the having an exact twin of Tessa 's pop up is flatly ludicrous , it plays out due to MacLeod 's desire to have Tessa back overriding his sense of reason . ( ... ) Vandernoot likes the Tessa character quite a bit and gave me the impression she was sad to see her go , " and that she " ... looks like she enjoys playing the good / bad Lisa . Her triple performance as Tessa shows Vandernoot 's range . " Kathie Huddleston of Scifi.com felt that " ... a visit from Tessa in " Counterfeit " , even an evil Tessa look @-@ alike , is a welcome nod to a significant character from the first season , and it gave our boy Duncan a moment or two to reflect on his recent lost love . " 
 
 
 = M @-@ 5 ( Michigan highway ) = 
 
 M @-@ 5 , commonly referred to as Grand River Avenue and the northern section as the Haggerty Connector , is a 20 @.@ 807 @-@ mile @-@ long ( 33 @.@ 486 km ) state trunkline highway in the Metro Detroit area of the US state of Michigan . The highway runs through suburbs in Oakland and Wayne counties in addition to part of Detroit itself . It starts in Commerce Township as a north – south divided highway and freeway called the Haggerty Connector and connects with Interstate 96 ( I @-@ 96 ) in Novi . The freeway then turns southeasterly to bypass the suburb of Farmington as an east – west highway . The freeway ends on the southeast side of Farmington , and M @-@ 5 follows Grand River Avenue as boulevard into Detroit . The eastern terminus is at an interchange with I @-@ 96 in Detroit . The trunkline passes between suburban residential subdivisions and along urban commercial areas while serving 17 @,@ 200 – 68 @,@ 800 vehicles on average each day . 
 Grand River Avenue started as the path of an early wagon trail in the Michigan Territory , carrying settlers from Detroit inland along a route previously used by Native Americans . It was later a plank road that helped to connect Detroit with the state capital of Lansing and Grand Rapids . When the state highway system was signed in 1919 , the avenue was numbered as part of M @-@ 16 . Later it became US Highway 16 ( US 16 ) . Grand River Avenue was supposed to be the path for I @-@ 96 from Novi into downtown Detroit , and a section of freeway now used by M @-@ 5 was constructed as part of I @-@ 96 before the Interstate was rerouted to a different location . In the 1990s another section of freeway , which was originally proposed for a northern extension of I @-@ 275 , was opened . This freeway called the Haggerty Connector was added to M @-@ 5 . Additional projects have extended the highway farther north and added a roundabout to the northern terminus . A different highway was previously designated M @-@ 5 in another area of the state in the 1930s . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 M @-@ 5 starts at a roundabout intersection with Pontiac Trail in Commerce Township . It runs south @-@ southwesterly from here in Oakland County as a divided highway between suburban residential subdivisions in the township . South of Maple Road , the highway is bordered by commercial developments to the east and Long Park to the west as it angles southeasterly . Between 14 and 13 Mile roads , the highway is once again bounded by subdivisions . Along this part of the trunkline , access to the road is limited to major intersections only , making the highway an expressway . Immediately south of the 13 Mile Road intersection , M @-@ 5 's median widens out as the highway transitions to a full freeway called the Haggerty Connector . Traffic can only access the highway at grade @-@ separated interchanges instead of at @-@ grade intersections . A collector @-@ distributor lane setup parallels the main freeway lanes proving access to the ramps at the 12 Mile Road interchange as well as ramps from the massive interchange with I @-@ 96 , I @-@ 275 and I @-@ 696 . Through this interchange complex that straddles the Novi – Farmington Hills city line , M @-@ 5 turns to the southeast , and signage changes direction . The Haggerty Connector is signed north – south , while the rest of M @-@ 5 is signed east – west . M @-@ 5 has direct connections with ramps to I @-@ 696 and I @-@ 96 east / I @-@ 275 south as it crosses over into Farmington Hills . 
 The next interchange for the M @-@ 5 freeway connects to Grand River Avenue and 10 Mile Road . This section of the freeway bypasses residential areas of Farmington Hills . Further east , M @-@ 5 crosses into Farmington where it bypasses the downtown area of the suburb . Past 9 Mile Road , the freeway ends at the intersection with Grand River Avenue , and M @-@ 5 follows Grand River southeasterly as a boulevard , a type of divided street . Traffic that wishes to make left turns must use a Michigan left maneuver along this section of the highway . Additionally , traffic that needs to change sides of the street must use crossovers in the median to perform a U @-@ turn . Once again running through suburban Farmington Hills , the trunkline passes Botsford Hospital before intersecting 8 Mile Road . This intersection marks the place where M @-@ 5 crosses into Wayne County , and the western terminus of the M @-@ 102 designation on 8 Mile Road . Grand River Avenue runs through the northern section of Redford Township in Wayne County and crosses into Detroit at the intersection with 7 Mile Road and 5 Points Street . 
 The northwest corner of Detroit is mostly residential as M @-@ 5 intersects US 24 ( Telegraph Road ) . Past Telegraph , Grand River Avenue forms the northern boundary of the Grand Lawn Cemetery and later the southern boundary of the New Rogell Golf Course . The properties bordering M @-@ 5 transition to commercial use past these two green spaces , and the highway continues southeasterly through the city as an undivided street . Grand River Avenue intersects Outer Drive near several businesses . M @-@ 5 crosses over M @-@ 39 ( Southfield Freeway ) near the intersection with Fenkell Street , which would be 5 Mile Road in the Detroit grid system . The residential areas off the adjacent side streets increase in density east of the Southfield Freeway . M @-@ 5 ends at the interchange with I @-@ 96 between Schoolcraft and Plymouth roads in the middle of another larger commercial zone ; Grand River Avenue continues from this location as an unsigned highway numbered internally as OLD BS I @-@ 96 all the way into downtown . 
 M @-@ 5 is maintained by the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) like other state highways in Michigan . As a part of these maintenance responsibilities , the department tracks the volume of traffic that uses the roadways under its jurisdiction . These volumes are expressed using a metric called annual average daily traffic , which is a statistical calculation of the average daily number of vehicles on a segment of roadway . MDOT 's surveys in 2010 showed that the highest traffic levels along M @-@ 5 were the 68 @,@ 793 vehicles daily between 12 and 13 Mile roads ; the lowest counts were the 17 @,@ 176 vehicles per day southeast of Schoolcraft Road to I @-@ 96 . All of M @-@ 5 has been listed on the National Highway System , a network of roads important to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility . The trunkline is six- or eight @-@ lanes wide along the freeway section to the north and west of the Grand River Avenue interchange ; south and east of there it is a four @-@ lane freeway or six @-@ lane highway all the way to I @-@ 96 . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Previous designation = = = 
 
 Starting in 1933 , M @-@ 5 was used as the designation along a section of highway that was previously part of US 2 in Mackinac and Chippewa counties in the Upper Peninsula . This designation was in use until 1939 when it was replaced by M @-@ 129 . 
 
 = = = Current designation = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Grand River Avenue = = = = 
 
 The chief transportation routes in 1701 were the Indian trails that crossed the future state of Michigan ; the Grand River Trail was one of these thirteen trails at the time . Detroit created 120 @-@ foot ( 37 m ) rights @-@ of @-@ way for the principal streets of the city , Grand River Avenue included , in 1805 . This street plan was devised by Augustus Woodward and others following a devastating fire in Detroit . A ten @-@ year project to construct a plank road between Detroit and Howell was authorized in 1820 along the Grand River Trail . Grand River Avenue was included as one of Five Great Military Roads in 1825 , along with the River Road , Michigan Avenue , Woodward Avenue and Gratiot Avenue . The Grand River Road , precursor to the modern Grand River Avenue was named by Benjamin Williams , cofounder of Owosso ; it was named for La Grande Riviere , the French name for the river . 
 The opening of the Erie Canal in New York in 1826 brought new settlers to the Great Lakes region , and to the future state of Michigan . Many of these settlers began their inland journeys in Detroit . At first the Grand River Road was a " deep rutted , ditch bordered road " . The Grand River Road was a major route for settlers headed inland to Grand Rapids in 1836 , as the shortest route for travelers coming from Detroit . 
 In 1850 , the Michigan State Legislature established the Lansing and Howell Plank Road Company , which set about converting various Indian trails into the Lansing – Howell Plank Road , a task the company completed by 1853 . At Howell the road connected with the Detroit – Howell Plank Road , establishing the first improved connection direct from the state capital to Michigan 's largest metropolis . The Lansing – Detroit Plank Road was a toll road until the 1880s . It eventually evolved into the eastern part of the modern Grand River Avenue . 
 By 1900 , only a short stretch of the Detroit – Howell Plank Road was still make of planks ; most of the other plank roads had been converted to gravel by this time . When the Michigan State Highway Department ( MSHD ) had numbered and signed highways in the state in 1919 , it applied the M @-@ 16 number to Grand River Avenue across the state between Grand Haven and Detroit . 
 The M @-@ 16 designation lasted for seven years . As the states were meeting with the American Association of State Highway Officials ( AASHO , now AASHTO ) to plan the United States Numbered Highway System , the route of M @-@ 16 was originally planned to be included in US 18 . When the system was announced on November 11 , 1926 , Grand River Avenue and M @-@ 16 became part of US 16 . The first change to the US 16 routing in the Detroit area was made in 1933 when the highway was moved to bypass Farmington , with the old routing retained as a state highway . 
 
 = = = = Metro Detroit freeways = = = = 
 
 MSHD had plans to upgrade the US 16 corridor to freeway standards in the middle of the 20th century . The first planning map in 1947 for what later became the Interstate Highway System showed a highway in the corridor . The General Location of National System of Interstate Highways Including All Additional Routes at Urban Areas Designated in September 1955 , or Yellow Book after the cover color , showed generalized plans for the locations of Interstate Highways as designated in 1955 . This also included a highway in the US 16 corridor . The 1957 approval for the Interstate Highway System replaced much of US 16 with a portion of Interstate 94 ( I @-@ 94 ) . MSHD submitted a recommended numbering plan for the Interstates in 1958 that showed I @-@ 96 following the US 16 corridor . 
 The segments of the road between Brighton and Farmington were upgraded in 1956 . The MSHD initially signed the various freeways as Interstates in 1959 , and US 16 through the Farmington area gained the additional I @-@ 96 numbering . Two years later , the business route through Farmington was redesignated as a business loop of I @-@ 96 instead of US 16 . The final connection for I @-@ 96 between Lansing and Brighton was completed in late 1962 , and the US 16 designation was decommissioned in the state . The sections of highway through the Detroit metro area were given Business Loop ( BL ) or Business Spur ( BS ) I @-@ 96 designations . 
 When I @-@ 96 was completed in 1977 , several highway designations were shifted in the Metro Detroit area . The BS I @-@ 96 designation was removed from Grand River Avenue . Rather than revert to its original number , M @-@ 16 , MDOT selected M @-@ 5 as the new highway designation . Grand River was signed as M @-@ 5 between 8 Mile Road and its present eastern terminus at I @-@ 96 while leaving Grand River Avenue southeast of I @-@ 96 an unsigned state trunkline , OLD BS I @-@ 96 . Both the portion of BS I @-@ 96 north of 8 Mile Road and the stub of I @-@ 96 that continued out to I @-@ 275 became part of M @-@ 102 . 
 
 = = = = Haggerty Connector = = = = 
 
 A freeway running north of Novi to the Davisburg area was included in the original Interstate Highway plans for Michigan . Originally included in the corridor for I @-@ 275 , the Michigan Highway Commission canceled the northern section of the highway on January 26 , 1977 , after it spent $ 1 @.@ 6 million ( equivalent to $ 6 @.@ 65 million in 2016 ) the year before purchasing land for the roadway . This northern section was not planned as an Interstate Highway at that time , bearing the designation M @-@ 275 instead . Opposition to construction came from various citizen 's groups and different levels of local government . Additionally , both The Detroit News and Detroit Free Press opposed the project . The Detroit City Council , led by then @-@ Chairman Carl Levin opposed the plan . Levin said at the time , " At last I think people are waking up to the dangers of more and more expressways . At some point we 've got to say enough . And I think we 've reached it . " The US Department of the Interior reviewed the state 's environmental impact study of the project and stated the project , " will cause irreparable damages on recreation lands , wetlands , surface waters and wildlife habitat . " The total project to link Farmington Hills with Davisburg with the 24 @-@ mile ( 39 km ) freeway would have cost $ 69 @.@ 5 million ( equivalent to $ 271 million in 2016 ) and saved drivers an estimated eight minutes off travel time around the city of Detroit . 
 After many years of inactivity , further work began along this same route , but the resulting highway was designated as a northern extension to M @-@ 5 rather than I @-@ 275 or M @-@ 275 . The first section of this freeway extension was opened in October 1994 . This extended the route from M @-@ 5 's previous terminus at M @-@ 102 ( 8 Mile Road ) over the latter highway 's alignment west and north to 12 Mile Road . A plan enacted by then Governor John Engler in 1995 angered road officials when funding was diverted from county road commissions to help complete state highway projects like the M @-@ 5 Haggerty Connector project . In 1999 , a second extension of M @-@ 5 was completed to 14 Mile Road , but only as an expressway . The final two miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) between 14 Mile Road and Pontiac Trail opened to traffic on November 1 , 2002 . In 2011 , a roundabout was placed at the northern terminus of M @-@ 5 . This last project also included a northern extension of roadway into the Eldorado Golf Course in Commerce Township to better serve the community . This extension does not carry the M @-@ 5 designation . 
 
 = = Exit list = = 
 
 All exits are unnumbered . 
 
 
 = McAllister Tower Apartments = 
 
 McAllister Tower Apartments is a 28 @-@ story , 94 m ( 308 ft ) residential apartment skyscraper at 100 McAllister Street in San Francisco , California . The property is owned and operated by the University of California , Hastings College of the Law . The tower includes mixed @-@ use offices on various floors , and the Art Deco @-@ styled " Sky Room " with a panoramic view on the 24th floor . 
 Conceived as an unusual combination of a large church surmounted by a hotel , construction of the building brought architectural dispute . Initially designed by Timothy L. Pflueger in the style of Gothic Revival , the investors fired his firm and hired Lewis P. Hobart , who changed little of Pflueger 's design . In a resulting lawsuit , Pflueger won nearly half the damages he asked for . The building opened in 1930 as the William Taylor Hotel and Temple Methodist Episcopal Church . However , extra construction expenses had put the congregation at greater financial risk , and the church @-@ hotel concept did not prove popular . No profit was made in six years , and the church left , losing their investment . In the late 1930s the building housed the Empire Hotel , known for its Sky Room lounge , then from World War II to the 1970s , 100 McAllister served as U.S. government offices . 
 Reopening as university housing and offices in 1981 , McAllister Tower is home to some 300 law students and their families . " The Tower " is sited one block from the administrative and scholastic center of Hastings College of the Law , and is the most prominent building in the district . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Church and hotel = = = 
 
 The skyscraper at 100 McAllister began in 1920 with a plan formulated by Reverend Walter John Sherman to merge four of the largest Methodist Episcopal congregations in San Francisco , sell their various churches and properties and combine their assets to build a " superchurch " with a hotel on top of it . From their initial $ 800 @,@ 000 they bought property at McAllister and Leavenworth streets and hired the architectural firm of Miller and Pflueger to design the edifice . Timothy L. Pflueger was chosen as the designer . The new hotel , intended to be " dry " ( serving no alcoholic beverages ) in the " sinful " city , was to be named after William Taylor , a Methodist Episcopal street preacher and missionary who formed the first Methodist church in San Francisco . The large church was named Temple Methodist Episcopal Church , or simply " Temple Methodist " . 
 Beginning in 1925 , Pflueger designed a 308 ft ( 94 m ) , 28 @-@ story , step @-@ back skyscraper made of brick framed with steel , along the lines of his just @-@ completed Pacific Telephone & Telegraph Company Building . Its main decorative theme was neo @-@ Gothic , expressed strongly in the three Gothic arches which formed the main street @-@ level entrance for the church . The Great Hall , the large worship area located within the second , third and fourth floors was to seat 1 @,@ 500 churchgoers and a smaller chapel was designed for 125 more . A grand pipe organ from Skinner Organ Company was installed with four manuals controlling 3 @,@ 881 pipes . A stained glass window was placed 80 feet above the sanctuary , representing Faith , Love and Hope in three tall , narrow panels . Two assembly halls could be combined to hold 1 @,@ 100 attendees for theatrical or athletic events . Some 500 guest rooms and 32 tower apartments were intended to bring a steady flow of visitors and a source of profit to the church . Though never the tallest building in San Francisco , it was to be the tallest hotel on the Pacific Coast for many decades . 
 In a dispute , the architectural firm of Miller and Pflueger was fired from the project , and was replaced by Lewis P. Hobart . Miller and Pflueger sued for $ 81 @,@ 600 , alleging that Hobart 's design was little changed from Pflueger 's original . Three months after the hotel and church opened in January 1930 , Miller and Pflueger won $ 38 @,@ 000 in a favorable court decision . 
 Dedication of the church 's pipe organ took place August 31 , 1930 . The combined congregation was very satisfied with their new place of worship . 
 Eventually costing US $ 2 @.@ 8 million ( $ 40 million in current value ) , the building 's completion required several rounds of new financing from its investors in order to overcome unanticipated expenses . Unfortunately for the congregation , the idea of a hotel above a church didn 't attract the requisite number of guests and the venture failed to turn a profit . 
 From 1990 through 2001 , the church housed the theater of George Coates Performance Works – an experimental multi @-@ media theater troupe that utilized the 60 foot high vaulted ceiling for projections . 
 
 = = = Empire Hotel = = = 
 
 By November 1936 , enough debt had accumulated that a bondholder 's protective committee foreclosed on the property , buying it back for $ 750 @,@ 000 . The Temple Methodist congregation lost its investment and was asked to leave . The Skinner Opus pipe organ was removed to be sold to Occidental College in Los Angeles and rebuilt in their Thorne Hall . The three @-@ piece stained glass window was removed and exhibited , eventually making its way to Stockton , California where it was installed in the Morris Chapel at the University of the Pacific . The 100 McAllister building itself was refurbished : the church 's floor area was given over to parking , a coffee shop was built in part of the first floor lobby and the new enterprise opened again as the Empire Hotel , noted for completing , in 1938 , the first view lounge in the area , the Sky Room on the 24th floor . With plush carpeting , a large Art Deco @-@ style oval bar , and plate glass windows on all sides , the Sky Room provided a panoramic view of the city . Architect & Engineer wrote of the luxurious bar in April , 1938 , that it " has no prototype west of New York " , referring to Manhattan 's Rainbow Room which opened three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half years earlier . 
 
 = = = Federal offices = = = 
 
 At the beginning of direct American involvement in World War II , the U.S. government bought the building and converted it to federal offices , officer billets , spaces used by the Army 's Ordnance Procurement department , a passport agency and an induction center run by the local draft board . The high vaulted ceiling of the Great Hall worship center was hidden by a dropped ceiling . After the war , the Internal Revenue Service moved offices into the building . 
 Many federal groups at 100 McAllister moved their offices in 1959 – 1960 to the newly built federal building at 450 Golden Gate Avenue , later named the Phillip Burton Federal Building . Occupancy at 100 McAllister was low , though the United States Army Corps of Engineers moved their San Francisco District offices there in the 1960s , and local draftees were still required to appear there through the late 1960s . The San Francisco Selective Service System offices were located in the lower floors of the building during the Vietnam War . 
 
 = = = UC Hastings = = = 
 
 In 1978 , the University of California , Hastings College of the Law bought the building , the most prominent in the Tenderloin district , and began two years of refurbishment and redesign . Calling it " McAllister Tower " , 248 units were modernized for residential use by law students , and the building opened in 1981 with a combination of compact studio units as well as larger one- and two @-@ bedroom apartments taking up a total of 17 floors . The building , home to about 300 law students and their families , is casually referred to as " the Tower " by Hastings residents and faculty , who have but a one @-@ block commute to the law school 's main building at 200 McAllister . 
 The old Sky Room with its spectacular 360 @-@ degree view reopened in 1999 as the James Edgar Hervey Skyroom , in honor of alumnus James Edgar Hervey , Class of 1950 , a prominent San Diego trial lawyer . It is used as a space for student study by day ( no alcohol allowed ) and is available for special events in the evenings . Other floors of the building hold offices , apartments and residential conveniences . The mezzanine level contains a compact fitness center , the third and fourth floors contain classrooms and offices for political action groups and legal assistance organizations , and the 22nd and 23rd floors hold publishing headquarters for a number of scholarly journals . 
 The Great Hall remains un @-@ refurbished and has been judged by UC Hastings to be in need of substantial repair and improvement , including major architectural engineering work . The college has plans to create a 400 @-@ seat performing arts venue within the Great Hall . 
 
 
 = Karamokho Alfa = 
 
 Karamokho Alfa ( born Ibrahima Musa Sambeghu and sometimes called Alfa Ibrahim ) ( died c . 1751 ) was a Fula religious leader who led a jihad that created the Imamate of Futa Jallon in what is now Guinea . This was one of the first of the Fulbe jihads that established Muslim states in West Africa . 
 Alfa Ba , Karamoko Alfa 's father , formed a coalition of Muslim Fulbe and called for the jihad in 1725 , but died before the struggle began . The jihad was launched around 1726 @-@ 1727 . After a crucial , concluding victory at Talansan , the state was established at a meeting of nine Fulbe ulama who each represented one of the Futa Jallon provinces . Ibrahima Sambeghu , who became known as Karamokho Alfa , was the hereditary ruler of Timbo and one of the nine ulama . He was elected leader of the jihad . Under his leadership , Futa Jallon became the first Muslim state to be founded by the Fulbe . Despite this , Karamokho Alfa was constrained by the other eight ulama . Some of the other Ulama had more secular power than Karamokho Alfa , who directly ruled only the diwal of Timbo ; for this reason the new state was always a tenuous confederation . Karamoko Alfa ruled the theocratic state until 1748 , when his excessive devotions caused him to become mentally unstable and Sori was selected as de facto leader . Karamokho Alfa died around 1751 and was formally succeeded by Ibrahim Sori , his cousin . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 The Futa Jallon is the highland region where the Senegal and Gambia rivers rise . In the fifteenth century the valleys were occupied by Mandé peoples - Susu and Yalunka farmers . Around that time , Fulbe herders began moving into the region , grazing their livestock on the plateaux . At first they peacefully accepted a subordinate position to the Susu and Yalunka . The Fulbe and Mandé peoples intermixed to some extent , and the more sedentary of the Fulbe came to look down on their pastoral cousins . 
 Europeans began to establish trading posts on the upper Guinea coast in the seventeenth century , stimulating a growing trade in hides and slaves . The pastoral Fulbe expanded their herds to meet the demand for hides . They began to compete for land with the agriculturalists , and became interested in the profitable slave trade . They were increasingly influenced by their Muslim trading partners . 
 In the last quarter of the seventeenth century the Zawāyā reformer Nasir al @-@ Din launched a jihad to restore purity of religious observance in the Futa Toro region to the north . He gained support from the Torodbe clerical clan against the warriors , but by 1677 the movement had been defeated . Some of the Torodbe migrated south to Bundu and some continued on to the Futa Jallon . The Torodbe , the kinsmen of the Fulbe of the Futa Jallon , influenced them in embracing a more militant form of Islam . 
 
 = = Jihad = = 
 
 Alfa Ba , Karamoko Alfa 's father , formed a coalition of Muslim Fulbe and called for the jihad in 1725 , but died before the struggle began . The jihad was launched around 1726 or 1727 . The movement was primarily religious , and its leaders included both Mandé and Fulbe marabouts . The jihad also attracted some formerly non @-@ Muslim Fulbe , who associated it not just with Islam but with freedom of the Fulbe from subordination to the Mandé peoples . It was opposed by other non @-@ Muslim Fulbe and by non @-@ Muslim Yalunka leaders . 
 According to tradition , Ibrahim Sori symbolically launched the war in 1727 by destroying the great ceremonial drum of the Yalunka people with his sword . The jihadists then won a major victory at Talansan . A force of 99 Muslims defeated a non @-@ Muslim force ten times greater , killing many of their opponents . After this victory the state was established at a meeting of nine Fulbe ulama who each represented one of the Futa Jallon provinces . Ibrahima Sambeghu , who became known as Karamokho Alfa , was the hereditary ruler of Timbo and one of the nine ulama . He was elected leader of the jihad . He took the title almami , or " the Imam " . Under his leadership Futa Jallon became the first Muslim state to be founded by the Fulbe . 
 Karamoko Alfa managed to enlist disadvantaged groups such as gangs of young men , outlaws and slaves . Karamokho Alfa 's maternal cousin was Maka Jiba , the ruler of Bundu , and both men studied in Fugumba under the famous scholar Tierno Samba . However , there are no records of Bundu participation in the Futa Jallon jihad , perhaps because of the internal troubles in Bundu at that time , or perhaps because Maka Jiba was not greatly interested in the cause . Although he was an inspired religious leader , Karamoko Alfa was not qualified as a military leader . Ibrahim Sori took this role . Some of the population resisted conversion for many years , particularly the nomadic Fulbe herders . They rightly feared that the marabouts would abuse their authority . 
 
 = = Ruler = = 
 
 Karamokho Alfa was constrained by the other eight ulama , each of whom ruled their own province , or diwal . The structure of the new Fulbe state had an almami at its head , Karamokho Alfa being the first , with his political capital at Timbo . However , some of the other Ulama had more secular power than Karamokho Alfa , who directly ruled only the diwal of Timbo . The religious capital was at Fugumba , where the council of the alama sat . The council operated as a strong curb on the power of the almami , and the ulama retained much autonomy , so the new state was always a loose federation . 
 Karamokho Alfa was known for his Islamic scholarship and piety . He respected the rights of the old " masters of the soil " , saying " it was Allah who had established them . " Despite this ruling , the imams reserved the right to reassign land , since they held it in trust for the people . In effect the existing property owners were not displaced , but now had to pay Zakāt as a form of rent . Karamoko Alfa ruled the theocratic state until 1748 , when his excessive devotions caused him to become mentally unstable and Sori was selected as de facto leader . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Karamokho Alfa died around 1751 and was formally succeeded by Ibrahim Sori , his cousin . Ibrahim Sori Mawdo was chosen because Alfa Saadibu , son of Karamoko Alfa , was too young . Ibrahim Sori was an aggressive military commander who initiated a series of wars . After many years of conflict , Ibrahim Sori achieved a decisive victory in 1776 that consolidated the power of the Fulbe state . The jihad had achieved its goals and Ibrahim Sori assumed the title of almami . 
 Under Ibrahima Sori slaves were sold to obtain munitions needed for the wars . This was considered acceptable as long as the slaves were not Muslim . The jihad created a valuable supply of slaves from the defeated peoples that may have provided a motive for further conquests . The Fulbe ruling class became wealthy slave owners and slave traders . Slave villages were founded , whose inhabitants provided food for their Fulba masters to consume or sell . At one time more than half the population were slaves . As of 2013 the Fulbe were the largest ethnic group in Guinea at 40 % of the population , after the Malinke ( 30 % ) and Susu ( 20 % ) . 
 The jihad in Futa Jallon was followed by a jihad in Futa Toro between 1769 and 1776 led by Sileymaani Baal . The largest of the Fulani jihads was led by the scholar Usman dan Fodio and established the Sokoto Caliphate in 1808 , stretching across what is now the north of Nigeria . The Fulbe Muslim state of Masina was established to the south of Timbuktu in 1818 . 
 Karamokho Alfa came to be thought of as a saint . A story is told of a miracle that occurred more than a hundred years after his death . The chief of the Ouassoulounké , Kondé Buraima , opened Karamokho Alfa 's tomb and cut off the left hand of the body . Blood poured from the severed wrist , causing Kondé Buraima to flee in terror . 
 
 
 = Murder of Tom ap Rhys Pryce = 
 
 Thomas Mervyn " Tom " ap Rhys Pryce ( 13 October 1974 – 12 January 2006 ) was a 31 @-@ year @-@ old British lawyer who was robbed and murdered by two black teenagers as he made his way home in Kensal Green , northwest London , on 12 January 2006 . The two , Donnel Carty and Delano Brown , showed little or no remorse and were sentenced to life imprisonment . 
 The crime gained national notoriety for the particularly brutal way in which Pryce was murdered , only metres from his own home , and had only his Oyster card and mobile phone taken from him , but no money ( the case being widely reported as an example of steaming ) . The murderers were later tracked down when the police examined CCTV footage of where the Oyster card was used after the murder . The crime caused a political uproar and condemnation of railway station security . The Tom ap Rhys Pryce Memorial Trust was set up after the murder , and a school was built in his honour . 
 
 = = Life of Tom ap Rhys Pryce = = 
 
 Tom ap Rhys Pryce was a 31 @-@ year @-@ old lawyer who worked for Linklaters , a leading London corporate law firm . Pryce was born in Broxbourne , Hertfordshire , England . At the age of three , the Pryce family moved to Somalia after Pryce 's father , John , a civil engineer , was sent to work there as part of a project to build a sugar factory , there he " enjoyed an idyllic early childhood " . After 18 months they returned home to Hertfordshire before moving in 1980 to the family home in Weybridge where Tom grew up . His ancestry was one well known within the military and among his ancestors was his great @-@ grandfather , General Sir Henry Edward ap Rhys Pryce ( 1874 – 1950 ) . At 13 , Tom won an academic and music exhibition which was later upgraded to a full scholarship at 16 to attend Marlborough College , Wiltshire , England . 
 There he achieved passes at A @-@ levels in Greek , Latin and English Literature , with three grade As . From there Pryce went on to gain a First @-@ Class honours at Trinity College , Cambridge in June 1996 , where he read Classics staying on to study for a masters . Pryce was also known to be a talented musician and lived on Bathurst Gardens , Kensal Green in a flat which he shared with his fiancée Adele Eastman , 31 , a solicitor specialising in employment law with Farrer & Co , the Queen 's solicitors . 
 
 = = Events of 12 January 2006 = = 
 
 Childhood friends , Donnel Carty , 18 , and Delano Brown , 17 , had earlier that evening robbed chef Kurshid Ali , a middle @-@ aged man in Kensal Green station , 20 minutes before Pryce arrived at the station on his way home from work . Pryce was walking from Kensal Green Tube station at about 2300 to 2330 GMT , when he was attacked . According to witness reports , Pryce was running along Bathurst Gardens from two black youths . According to testimony from Delano Brown , Donnel Carty stabbed Pryce after they had chased him from Kensal Green Tube station where police found a trail of blood and belongings , including a pair of gloves and papers regarding Pryce 's wedding arrangements . As the youths chased Pryce , Carty " fly @-@ kicked " him in the back and he dropped to the floor . As Pryce attempted to stand up , Carty kicked him in the face . Trying to get away , Pryce began to fight Carty , as Carty stopped him . Some time during this Pryce was stabbed twice in the chest and once in the hip , the wounds penetrating vital organs including his heart . He also suffered cuts to his head , hands and torso . As Pryce 's belongings lay scattered around him , Carty and Brown took Pryce 's mobile phone and Oyster card , the only possessions of value Pryce was carrying . Carty then shouted ' What else have you got ? ' to which Pryce responded ' Nothing . You have got everything ' . Carty and Brown then ran off towards Clifford Gardens , heading to Carty 's home leaving Pryce dying on the ground . Pryce was later taken to Central Middlesex Hospital , where he was confirmed dead shortly after midnight . 
 The scene of the crime which took place along Bathurst Gardens showed the course of events of the violent confrontation . Pryce 's book and gloves were lying outside No 56 , a silver Audi car was smeared with blood outside No 82 and a list of wedding venues outside 84 . Pryce was found collapsed in the gutter between parked cars outside No 90 . 
 
 = = Donnel Carty and Delano Brown = = 
 
 Carty and Brown were , according to Brown , childhood friends who thought of each other as cousins . Carty lived with his grandparents in Burrows Road , Kensal Green , and Brown lived with his mother in Rosebank Avenue , Sudbury , northwest London . Carty had one conviction for assaulting a police officer when he was 16 years old , and a caution for possessing cannabis . Brown had no previous convictions . The pair were members of a violent gang calling itself the KG Tribe , taking part in the unlawful wounding of two commuters in December 2005 as well as other robberies . At the time of the murder of Pryce , Carty and Brown were 18 and 17 respectively . 
 When both men were arrested on 18 January , Carty said he was innocent of the allegations and claimed he had been in a pub in Kilburn with relatives and friends , and stayed the night at a relative 's house . When police searched his home , they found a pair of trainers that forensic tests showed had a drop of ap Rhys Pryce 's blood on one toe . DNA from several people , including Brown , were found on the trainers . Officers also found a top with traces of Brown 's DNA , and fibres found on Pryce 's overcoat were microscopically indistinguishable from the material of that top . Brown also said he had been in Kilburn the night of the murder and initially claimed that he had nothing to do with either the robbery of the other man or the robbery and murder of Pryce . When the mobile phone of the other victim ( Ali ) was discovered at his home , he claimed he had bought it from two men . Detectives also found that Brown had hoarded press cuttings of Pryce . 
 
 = = Trial of Carty and Brown = = 
 
 Police caught Carty through CCTV footage which showed him using Pryce 's Oyster Card ( which he claimed to have found ) at Kensal Green station , forensic evidence found at the homes of Carty and Brown , and Pryce 's mobile phone . Carty and Brown both denied murder but admitted that they had robbed Pryce and another man just before . Brown was 17 at the time of the offence so initially could not be named for legal reasons . 
 The trial of the two defendants opened on 30 October 2006 at the Central Criminal Court before Mr Justice Aikens and a jury . Throughout the trial Brown declared that it was Carty who had stabbed Pryce and that it had simply been a ' robbery gone bad ' . This led to an alleged attack on Brown by three youths at Feltham Young Offender Institution during the trial , in which his attackers reportedly said : " You are snitching on your co @-@ d ( co @-@ defendant ) . " Carty denied any involvement in the incident , claiming it had been the result of an argument Brown had with the youths earlier . On 27 November 2006 , Carty and Brown were convicted of murder . Carty and Brown reacted calmly to the guilty verdicts , turning to each other , shaking hands and embracing . 
 On 28 November 2006 , both men were sentenced to life imprisonment . The minimum termed for Carty was fixed at 21 years , and that for 18 @-@ year @-@ old Brown at 17 years . The trial judge said he could not tell who wielded the knife but considered both defendants equally guilty . Both sentences were referred to the Court of Appeal ( Criminal Division ) as " unduly lenient " by Her Majesty 's Attorney General , Lord Goldsmith QC . That court , constituted by the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales , Lord Phillips of Worth Matravers , Mr Justice Henriques and Mr Justice Teare , increased Brown 's minimum term to 20 years , although it did not interfere with the sentence imposed upon Carty . 
 
 = = Reaction = = 
 
 The then Prime Minister Tony Blair 's immediate response to the murder was to pledge the investigation of public safety at the station close to where Pryce was murdered , Kensal Green Station , and this was later improved . 
 David Cameron criticised the Labour Government 's criminal justice system and the absence of father @-@ figures in ethnic minority cultures , which he claimed as causes in the murder of Pryce . Cameron stated that lack of strong deterrent sentences for knife crimes and the failure of police to stop prolific criminals had played a role in the killing of Pryce . He insisted that parental background had a key role in preventing crime and called for zero tolerance of knife crime , claiming that not enough criminals were being sent to jail . 
 In January 2006 the Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Ian Blair created considerable controversy when he described the media as institutionally racist . This accusation had also been levelled at the police for the allegedly unbalanced coverage of black @-@ on @-@ white crimes , such as this murder , as compared to that given to crimes against ethnic minorities . The example Blair cited was that of Balbir Mathura , an Asian man murdered on the same day as Pryce . Mathura was run over and dragged almost 44 yards ( 40 m ) by a car driven by thieves he had disturbed as they broke into a van parked outside his workplace . Newspapers argued that the number of stories printed regarding the two victims were similar , though a survey of national newspapers after the two murders showed that longer and more in @-@ depth articles were written about the murder of Pryce than that of Mathura . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Following the murder of Pryce , his friends and family set up The Tom ap Rhys Pryce Memorial Trust to enable individuals who could not otherwise afford it to achieve their potential by gaining access to appropriate educational facilities . It aims to raise at least £ 1million to help educate society 's poorest children . 
 This incident sparked a major public discussion on station safety and security , mainly because the station was unstaffed when the suspects mugged Ali on the platform . The only security present was CCTV cameras , and the ticket barriers were left open allowing the suspects to enter the station freely . Many high @-@ profile politicians spoke on the issue of station safety and called on rail companies to provide security or staff the station until the last train had left the station . The Mayor of London , Ken Livingstone assailed Silverlink , the train company who managed the station , for not providing all @-@ night staffing or security . The new provider of every franchise across the rail network will have to provide staff at all times the station is open . 
 A school was built in Vietnam in memory of Pryce . His colleagues raised enough money to have the school built to leave a lasting legacy in his honour . The primary school opened in 2007 . Its cost was met by the Hong Kong office of Pryce 's employer , Linklaters . 
 
 
 = Lágrimas Cálidas = 
 
 Lágrimas Cálidas ( English : Warm Tears ) is the debut studio album by Colombian recording artist Fanny Lu , released on January 1 , 2005 . The record contains ten tracks , most of which were composed by Jose Gaviria , and produced with Andres Munera . Musically , the album experiments with tropipop , which is composed of the genres of vallenato , merengue , and pop music . Recording for the album took place in 2004 in three cities : Miami , Bogota and Medellin . An international version of the album , containing two remixes , was released exclusively in United States , Spain and Colombia . 
 The album was certified gold in Colombia , Venezuela and Ecuador and ranked number thirteen on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart in the United States . The album earned Lu many accolades , including a Latin Grammy nomination , five Billboard Latin Music Awards nominations , and three Premios Shock nominations , winning two . Three singles were released from the record , two of which , " No Te Pido Flores " and " Y Si Te Digo " , reached number one on the Billboard Tropical Songs chart . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 While studying for a degree in engineering at the University of Los Andes in 1994 , Fanny Lu began her career in the entertainment industry as a host for shows such as Locomotora , Siempre Música , and Radio Hits y Bailoteca . As a host on Locomotora , she was given the opportunity to work with musicians such as Luis Manuel Díaz , Gil Magno , and Cesar Franco . She met Colombian producer , Jose Gaviria , during her career in television , and they began working on a musical project , but the production was halted , because Fanny was busy in her television career . Eight years later , she reunited with Gaviria to finish this recording . Her experience as a television host led to her signing a music deal with Universal Music Latino . Her first album under that agreement was Lágrimas Cálidas , which was released in Colombia on January 1 , 2005 . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 Lágrimas Cálidas was produced by Jose Gaviria and Andres Munera . It was recorded at Crescent Moon Studios and Big Dog Studios in Miami , New World Studios in Bogota and Promix Estudios in Medellin . The genre of the album is defined as Tropipop , because it mixes tropical genres such as vallenato and merengue with pop and Caribbean influences . The album opens with " No Te Pido Flores " ( " I 'm Not Requesting Flowers " ) , where the predominant instruments are the accordion , guitar and caja vallenata . Lyrically , the song begins with the absence of her man , but then , in the chorus , transitions into a warning not to fall in love with material things . The second track , " Lágrimas Cálidas " ( " Warm Tears " ) , is a vallenato @-@ stylized pop ballad , expressing her suffering due to being abandoned by her lover . " Te Arrepentiras " ( " You 'll Regret " ) , is about a woman who surrendered completely to a man who did not appreciate her . 
 " Solo Quiero " ( " Only Want " ) begins with an accordion solo , and is a song explaining to her lover that she only wants to be with him forever , because with him all the things in life are more beautiful . The fifth track , " Cariñito " ( " Sweetie " ) , describes her need for the affection of the person she loves , and her desire to remedy the void left in her heart . " Sin Razones " ( " Without Reasons " ) , express the reasons why she should not have to prove her love , while " Y Si Te Digo " ( " And If I Tell You " ) , tells of her desire to confess her love to the person who doesn 't know she loves him . " Es Por Ti " ( " It Is For You " ) is a poem describing the strength of an all @-@ encompassing love . The penultimate track , " Para Que Si Tu No Estas " ( " For That If You Aren 't " ) , asks her boyfriend whether or not she should suffer for him . The eleventh and final track of the album , " Me Acordare de Ti " ( " I Will Remember You " ) , expresses that everything she feels , sees , and perceives , reminds her of her beloved . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 The album was certified gold in Colombia , Venezuela and Ecuador . In the United States , the album debuted at number 18 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart , peaking three weeks later at number 13 . Lágrimas Cálidas was generally well received . At the Colombian Premios Shock , it won the category of Radio Album , as well as winning best Radio Song for " No Te Pido Flores " . At the 15th Latin Billboard Music Awards , the album was nominated for two awards : Tropical Album of the Year for a Female Artist and Best New Artist . At the 2007 Latin Grammy Awards , " No Te Pido Flores " received a nomination for Best Tropical Song , but lost to " La Llave De Mi Corazón " , by Juan Luis Guerra . 
 
 = = Singles = = 
 
 " No Te Pido Flores " was the first single from the album , released in 2005 . The song was a success in Latin America , reaching number one in Colombia , Ecuador , Perú and Venezuela . In the United States , it also reached number one on the Billboard Latin Tropical Airplay chart . It was nominated for two Billboard Latin Music Awards and a Latin Grammy for Best Tropical Song . " No Te Pido Flores " has two music videos , one recorded in Lake Guatavita , Sesquilé , Colombia , and the international version , which was recorded in the Plaza Moreno in La Plata , Argentina . 
 Unlike " No Te Pido Flores " , the album 's second single , " Te Arrepentirás " , was released after the release of Lágrimas Cálidas in Latin America . The third and final single , " Y Si Te Digo " , was released on May 27 , 2007 . In Latin America , the song did not have the same success as the first single , but in the United States , the song hit number one on Billboard 's Hot Latin Songs chart and Billboard 's Tropical Airplay chart . The song won a Billboard Latin Music Award for Best Tropical Airplay for a new artist . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 The following credits are from Allmusic : 
 Performance credits 
 Technical credits 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Roger Federer = 
 
 Roger Federer ( German : [ ˈfeːdərər ] born 8 August 1981 ) is a Swiss professional tennis player who is currently ranked world No. 3 by the Association of Tennis Professionals ( ATP ) . His accomplishments in professional tennis have led to him being regarded by many as the greatest tennis player of all time . Federer turned professional in 1998 and has been continuously ranked in the top 10 since October 2002 . 
 Federer holds several records of the Open Era : holding the world No. 1 position for 302 weeks ( including 237 consecutive weeks ) ; winning 17 Grand Slam singles titles ; reaching each Grand Slam final at least five times ( an all @-@ time record ) ; and reaching the Wimbledon final ten times . He is among the eight men ( and among the five in Open Era ) to capture a career Grand Slam . Federer shares an Open Era record for most titles at Wimbledon with Pete Sampras ( seven ) and at the US Open with Jimmy Connors and Sampras ( five ) . He is the only male player to win five consecutive US Open titles . 
 Federer has reached 27 men 's singles Grand Slam finals , including 10 in a row from the 2005 Wimbledon Championships to the 2007 US Open , both statistics being records . He also appeared in 18 of 19 finals from the 2005 Wimbledon through to the 2010 Australian Open . He reached the semifinals at 23 consecutive Grand Slam tournaments , from the 2004 Wimbledon Championships through the 2010 Australian Open . At the 2016 Wimbledon Championships , he reached a record 48th Grand Slam quarterfinal and a record 40th Grand Slam semifinal . Earlier at the 2016 Australian Open , he played in a record 65th consecutive Grand Slam tournament . Earlier at the 2015 US Open , he reached a record 27th Grand Slam final . Also earlier at the 2013 French Open , Federer reached a record 36th consecutive Grand Slam quarterfinal . Federer has won the most matches in Grand Slam events ( 307 ) and is the first to record 65 + wins at each Grand Slam tournament . 
 Federer 's ATP tournament records include winning a record six ATP World Tour Finals , playing in the finals at all nine ATP Masters 1000 tournaments ( a record shared with Djokovic and Nadal ) . He also won the Olympic gold medal in doubles with his compatriot Stan Wawrinka at the 2008 Summer Olympic Games and the Olympic silver medal in singles at the 2012 Summer Olympic Games . Representing Switzerland , he was a part of the 2014 winning Davis Cup team . He finished eight consecutive years ( 2003 – 2010 ) in one of the top two positions in the year @-@ end men 's rankings and ten ( 2003 – 2012 ) in the top three . He was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year for a record four consecutive years ( 2005 – 2008 ) . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 
 = = = Childhood and early life = = = 
 
 Federer was born at the Basel Cantonal Hospital in Basel , Switzerland . His father , Robert Federer , is Swiss , from Berneck , near the borders between Switzerland , Austria and Germany ; and his mother , Lynette Federer ( born Durand ) , from Kempton Park , Gauteng , is a South African whose ancestors were Dutch and French Huguenots . Federer has one sibling , his older sister Diana , who is the mother of a set of twins . He holds both Swiss and South African citizenship . He grew up in nearby Birsfelden , Riehen , and then Münchenstein , close to the French and German borders and speaks Swiss German , Standard German , English and French fluently , Swiss German being his native language . 
 Federer was raised as a Roman Catholic and met Pope Benedict XVI while playing the 2006 Internazionali BNL d 'Italia tournament in Rome . Like all male Swiss citizens , Federer was subject to compulsory military service in the Swiss Armed Forces . However , in 2003 he was ruled " unsuitable " and was subsequently not required to fulfill his military obligation . Instead , he served in the civil protection force and was required to pay 3 % of his taxable income as an alternative . He grew up supporting F.C. Basel and the Swiss National Football Team . Federer also credits the range of sports he played as a child — he also played badminton and basketball — for his hand @-@ eye coordination . 
 
 = = = Family = = = 
 
 Federer is married to former Women 's Tennis Association player Mirka Vavrinec . He met her while both were competing for Switzerland in the 2000 Sydney Olympics . Vavrinec retired from the tour in 2002 because of a foot injury . They were married at Wenkenhof Villa in Riehen near Basel on 11 April 2009 , surrounded by a small group of close friends and family . In July 2009 , Mirka gave birth to identical twin girls , Myla Rose and Charlene Riva . The Federers had another set of twins in 2014 , this time boys whom they named Leo and Lennart , called Lenny . 
 
 = = = Philanthropy and outreach = = = 
 
 In 2003 , he established the Roger Federer Foundation to help disadvantaged children and to promote their access to education and sports . Since May 2004 , citing his close ties with South Africa including because that is where his mother was raised , he started supporting the South Africa @-@ Swiss charity IMBEWU which helps children better connect to sports and social and health awareness and , in 2005 , Federer visited South Africa to meet the children that had benefited from his support . In 2005 , he auctioned his racquet from his US Open championship to aid victims of Hurricane Katrina . At the 2005 Pacific Life Open in Indian Wells , Federer arranged an exhibition involving several top players from the ATP and WTA tour called Rally for Relief . The proceeds went to the victims of the tsunami caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake . In December 2006 he visited Tamil Nadu , one of the areas in India most affected by the tsunami . He was appointed a Goodwill Ambassador by UNICEF in April 2006 and has appeared in UNICEF public messages to raise public awareness of AIDS . 
 In response to the 2010 Haiti earthquake , Federer arranged a collaboration with fellow top tennis players for a special charity event during the 2010 Australian Open called ' Hit for Haiti ' , in which proceeds went to Haiti earthquake victims . He participated in a follow @-@ up charity exhibition during the 2010 Indian Wells Masters which raised $ 1 million . The Nadal vs Federer " Match for Africa " in 2010 in Zurich and Madrid raised more than $ 4 million for the Roger Federer Foundation and Fundación Rafa Nadal . In January 2011 , Federer took part in an exhibition , Rally for Relief , to raise money for the victims of the Queensland floods . In 2014 , the " Match for Africa 2 " between Federer and Stan Wawrinka , again in Zurich , raised £ 850 @,@ 000 for education projects in southern Africa . 
 
 = = Tennis career = = 
 
 
 = = = Pre – 1998 : Junior years = = = 
 
 Federer 's main accomplishments as a junior player came at Wimbledon in 1998 , where he won both the boys ' singles final over Irakli Labadze , and in doubles teamed with Olivier Rochus , defeating the team of Michaël Llodra and Andy Ram . In addition , Federer lost the US Open Junior final in 1998 to David Nalbandian . He won four ITF junior singles tournaments in his career , including the prestigious Orange Bowl , where he defeated Guillermo Coria in the final . He ended 1998 with the No. 1 junior world ranking , and he entered his first tournament as a professional during 1998 in Gstaad , where he lost to Lucas Arnold Ker in the first round . 
 
 = = = 1998 – 2002 : Early career and breakthrough in the ATP = = = 
 
 Federer entered the top 100 ranking for the first time on 20 September 1999 . His first final came at the Marseille Open in 2000 , where he lost to fellow Swiss Marc Rosset . Federer won the 2001 Hopman Cup representing Switzerland , along with Martina Hingis . The duo defeated the American pair of Monica Seles and Jan @-@ Michael Gambill in the finals . Federer 's first singles win was at the 2001 Milan Indoor tournament , where he defeated Julien Boutter in the final . Although he won his first title already in 1999 on the Challenger tour , winning the doubles event in Segovia , Spain with Dutchman Sander Groen , the final was played on Federer 's 18th birthday . In 2001 , Federer made his first Grand Slam quarterfinal at the French Open , and at Wimbledon that same year defeated four @-@ time defending champion Pete Sampras to reach the quarterfinals . The most prestigious event final he reached during this period was the 2002 Miami Masters event , where he lost to Andre Agassi on hard court . 
 Federer won his first Master Series event at the 2002 Hamburg Masters on clay , over Marat Safin ; the victory put him in top 10 for the first time . Federer made 10 singles finals between 1998 and 2002 , of which he won four and lost six . He also made six finals in doubles . Of note are Federer and partner Max Mirnyi 's defeat in the final of the Indian Wells Masters in 2002 , and their victory in the same year in the final of the Rotterdam 500 series event . Federer had won the latter a year earlier with partner Jonas Björkman . He finished 2001 with an ATP ranking of No. 13 , and 2002 was the first year he was ranked within the top 10 , finishing at No. 6 . 
 
 = = = 2003 : Wimbledon breakthrough = = = 
 
 In 2003 , Federer won his first Grand Slam singles title at Wimbledon , beating Mark Philippoussis in the final . Federer won his first and only doubles Masters Series 1000 event in Miami with Max Mirnyi and made it to one singles Masters Series 1000 event in Rome on clay , which he lost . Federer made it to nine finals on the ATP Tour and won seven of them , including the 500 series events at Dubai and Vienna . Lastly , Federer won the year @-@ end championships over Andre Agassi , finishing the year as world No. 2 , narrowly behind Andy Roddick . 
 
 = = = 2004 : Imposing dominance = = = 
 
 During 2004 , Federer won three Grand Slam singles titles for the first time in his career and became the first person to do so since Mats Wilander in 1988 . His first major hard @-@ court title came at the Australian Open over Marat Safin , thereby becoming the world No. 1 for the first time . He then won his second Wimbledon crown over Andy Roddick . Federer defeated the 2001 US Open champion , Lleyton Hewitt , at the US Open for his first title there . 
 Federer won three ATP Masters Series 1000 events , one was on clay in Hamburg , and the other two were on hard surfaces at Indian Wells and in Canada . Federer took the ATP 500 series event at Dubai and wrapped up the year by winning the year @-@ end championships for the second time . He also won his first tournament on home soil by capturing the Swiss Open in Gstaad . His 11 singles titles were the most of any player in two decades , and his record of 74 – 6 was the best since Ivan Lendl in 1986 . He improved his year @-@ end ranking to world No. 1 for the first time . 
 
 = = = 2005 : Consolidating dominance = = = 
 
 In 2005 , Federer failed to reach the finals of the first two Grand Slam tournaments , losing the Australian Open semifinal to eventual champion Safin after holding match points , and the French Open semifinal to eventual champion Rafael Nadal . However , Federer quickly reestablished his dominance on grass , winning the Wimbledon Championships over Andy Roddick . At the US Open , Federer defeated Andre Agassi in the latter 's last major final . 
 Federer also took four ATP Masters Series 1000 wins : Indian Wells , Miami , and Cincinnati on hard court , and Hamburg on clay . The win in Miami was particularly noteworthy as it was the first final contested between Federer and Rafael Nadal in what would become one of the greatest rivalries in tennis history . Federer received from down two sets and a break to take the final in five sets . Furthermore , Federer won two ATP 500 series events at Rotterdam and Dubai . Federer lost the year @-@ end championships to David Nalbandian in five sets while playing through a foot injury that sidelined him for almost the entire season after September . He maintained his position as world No. 1 for the entirety of the season . 
 The season was statistically one of the most dominant in the Open Era . He won 11 singles titles , which tied his 2004 season as the most in over two decades , his 81 match victories were the most since Pete Sampras in 1993 , and his record of 81 – 4 ( 95 @.@ 2 % ) remains the second @-@ best winning percentage in the Open Era behind only John McEnroe in 1984 . 
 
 = = = 2006 : Career best season = = = 
 
 The 2006 season was statistically the best season of Federer 's career , as well as one of the greatest seasons of any player in tennis history . In December 2011 , Stephen Tignor , chief editorial writer for Tennis.com , ranked Federer 's 2006 season as the second @-@ greatest season of all time during the Open Era , behind only Rod Laver 's Grand Slam year of 1969 . Federer won 12 singles titles ( the most of any player since John McEnroe in 1984 ) and had a match record of 92 – 5 ( the most wins since Ivan Lendl in 1982 ) . Federer reached the finals in an astounding 16 of the 17 tournaments he entered during the season . 
 In 2006 , Federer won three Grand Slam singles titles and reached the final of the other , with the only loss coming against Nadal in the French Open . This was Federer and Nadal 's first meeting in a Grand Slam final . He was the first man to reach all four finals in a calendar year since Rod Laver in 1969 . Federer defeated Nadal in the Wimbledon Championships final . In the Australian Open , Federer defeated Marcos Baghdatis , and at the US Open , Federer defeated Roddick ( 2003 champion ) . In addition , Federer made it to six ATP Masters Series 1000 finals , winning four on hard surfaces and losing two on clay to Nadal . Federer , however , consistently pushed Nadal to the limit on clay throughout the season taking him to fourth @-@ set tiebreakers in Monte @-@ Carlo and Paris , and a thrilling match in Rome that went to a deciding fifth @-@ set tiebreaker . 
 Federer won one ATP 500 series event in Tokyo and captured the year @-@ end championships for the third time in his career , again finishing the year as world No. 1 . Federer only lost to two players during 2006 , to Nadal four times in finals , and to 19 @-@ year @-@ old Andy Murray in the second round of the 2006 Cincinnati Masters , in what would be Federer 's only defeat before the final that year . Federer finished the season on a 29 @-@ match winning streak , as well as winning 48 of his last 49 matches after the French Open . 
 A personal highlight for Federer came near the end of the season when he finally won his hometown tournament the Swiss Indoors in Basel , Switzerland . 
 
 = = = 2007 : Holding off young rivals = = = 
 
 In 2007 , Federer reached all four Grand Slam singles finals , winning three of them again . He won the Australian Open over Fernando González and did so without dropping a set . This made him the first man in the 21st century to accomplish the feat , as Björn Borg at the 1980 French Open was the last to win a Grand Slam tournament without the loss of a set . Federer had entered the year on a huge winning streak and after capturing his fourth Dubai crown Federer 's winning streak stood at 41 matches , the longest of his career and only five shy of the record . Federer entered Indian Wells as the three @-@ time defending champion , but his streak would end in controversy . He was defeated by an Argentine , Guillermo Canas , who had failed a drug test for illegal doping . This surprising first @-@ round defeat marked the first time since August 2006 he suffered defeat , a period spanning over seven months . 
 During the clay season , Federer 's victory in the Hamburg Masters final was particularly impressive , as it snapped Rafael Nadal 's 81 @-@ match winning streak on clay , an Open @-@ Era record . Federer turned the match around from a set down to sweep 12 of the final 14 games , including a final set bagel . At the French Open , some anticipated that Federer could become the first man in almost 40 years to hold all four majors simultaneously , having just resoundingly defeated young rival Nadal on clay entering the tournament . However , in a repeat of the previous year Federer played a tough four @-@ set final against Nadal , but was undone by going 1 / 18 on break @-@ point chances . 
 At Wimbledon , Federer entered the tournament not only as the four @-@ time defending champion , but also riding a 48 @-@ match winning streak on grass . Once again , he defeated Rafael Nadal for a second consecutive year in the final , this time in a thrilling five @-@ set encounter that many analysts hailed as the greatest Wimbledon final since 1980 . Victory at Wimbledon equaled him with Björn Borg for the record of five consecutive championships at the All England Club . 
 Federer reached the final in Montreal before playing a young and relatively unknown Serbian named Novak Djokovic . Djokovic proved his potential by stunning the world No. 1 in a final @-@ set tiebreaker upset . Federer rebounded in Cincinnati to capture his fifth title of the year . Federer entered the US Open as the three @-@ time defending champion and faced Djokovic in the final . This time , Federer prevailed in a close straight @-@ set match . Victory in New York moved him ahead of Laver and Borg for third on the all @-@ time list of major championship victories . Throughout the tournament , the American press labeled him Darth Federer for his all @-@ black attire ( which included tuxedo @-@ striped shorts ) and the tournament played The Imperial March from Star Wars when he was announced onto the court for each of his matches . He would close out the year with victories in Basel and the Year End Championships in Shanghai . 
 He finished as the year @-@ end world No. 1 for the fourth year in a row , demonstrating his dominance , and during these four years he won 11 Grand Slam singles titles . After his phenomenal triple Grand Slam season yet again , Federer became the only player in history to win three Majors in a year for three years ( 2004 , 2006 , 2007 ) . It was the third consecutive season that Federer would hold the world No. 1 ranking for all 52 weeks of the year . 
 
 = = = 2008 : Illness , fifth US Open title and Olympic Gold = = = 
 
 Federer 's success in 2008 was severely hampered by a lingering bout of mononucleosis , which he suffered from during the first half of the year . At the end of the year , he would suffer a back injury that would prove to be recurring throughout his career . 
 In 2008 , Federer won one Grand Slam singles title at the US Open over Briton Andy Murray . Federer was defeated by Nadal in two Grand Slam finals , at the French Open , and at Wimbledon , when he was going for six straight wins to break Björn Borg 's record . At the Australian Open , Federer lost in the semifinals to eventual winner Djokovic , which ended his record of 10 consecutive finals . Later in the year , it was found Federer had been suffering from mononucleosis at the start of the year , particularly during the Australian Open . He lost twice in Masters Series 1000 finals on clay to Nadal , at Monte Carlo and Hamburg . However , Federer captured three titles in 250 @-@ level events at Estoril , Halle , and Basel . 
 At the Olympic Games , Federer and Stan Wawrinka won the gold medal in doubles , after beating the Bryan brothers American team in the semifinals and the Swedish duo of Simon Aspelin and Thomas Johansson in the final However , Federer could only reach the quarterfinals in the singles draw , knocked out by then world No. 8 James Blake . He ended the year as world No. 2 . 
 
 = = = 2009 : Career Grand Slam , sixth Wimbledon , breaking Grand Slam record = = = 
 
 In 2009 , Federer won two Grand Slam singles titles , the French Open over Robin Söderling , and Wimbledon over Andy Roddick . Federer reached two other Grand Slam finals , losing to Nadal at the Australian Open , and to Juan Martín del Potro at the US Open , both in tight five @-@ set matches . 
 The 2009 season was perhaps the most historically relevant of Federer 's career as he completed a career Grand Slam by winning his first French Open title and won a men 's record fifteenth Grand Slam singles title by defeating Andy Roddick at Wimbledon in five sets , surpassing Pete Sampras 's mark of fourteen . The 2009 Wimbledon final was also historic for being the longest Grand Slam final in terms of games played with Federer prevailing 16 – 14 in a thrilling fifth set . Upon breaking the Grand Slam tournament record , Federer was hailed by most analysts and many tennis greats as the greatest player in tennis history . 
 Federer won two more events , the first at the Madrid Masters over Nadal on clay . The second was in Cincinnati over Novak Djokovic . 
 
 = = = 2010 : Fourth Australian Open = = = 
 
 The year started with a win at the Australian Open , where he defeated Andy Murray in the final and extended the Grand Slam singles record to sixteen titles , matching Andre Agassi 's record of four Australian Open titles . Since Wimbledon 2005 Federer had made the finals of 18 out of 19 Grand Slam tournaments , an extraordinary period of sustained excellence unparalleled in the Open Era . This tournament , however , would mark the end of his utter dominance at the majors . 
 At the French Open , Federer won his 700th tour match and 150th tour match on clay . However , he failed to reach a Grand Slam semifinal for the first time since the 2004 French Open , losing to Söderling in the quarterfinals and relinquishing his No. 1 ranking , having been just one week away from equaling Pete Sampras 's record of 286 weeks as world No. 1 . In a huge upset at Wimbledon , Federer lost in the quarterfinals to Tomáš Berdych and fell to No. 3 in the rankings for the first time in 6 years and 8 months . 
 Towards the middle of July , Federer hired Pete Sampras ' old coach Paul Annacone on a trial basis to put his tennis game and career back on the right path . At the 2010 US Open , Federer reached the semifinals , where he lost a heart @-@ breaking five @-@ set match to Novak Djokovic after holding two match points . Federer made it to four Masters 1000 finals , prevailing at the Cincinnati Masters against Mardy Fish . 
 Federer finished the year in strong form , winning indoor titles at the Stockholm Open , Swiss Indoors , and the ATP World Tour Finals in London , which brought his tally to 66 career titles . Federer won the year @-@ end championships in London by beating rival Rafael Nadal for his fifth title at the event . He showed much of his old form , beating all contenders except Nadal in straight sets . It remains the only tournament in his career where Federer defeated all fellow members of the Big Four . Since Wimbledon 2010 , Federer had a win @-@ loss record of 34 – 4 . Federer finished in the top two for the eighth consecutive season . 
 
 = = = 2011 : Sixth World Tour Finals title = = = 
 
 The 2011 season , although great by most players ' standards , was a lean year for Federer . He was defeated in straight sets in the semifinals of the 2011 Australian Open by eventual champion Novak Djokovic , marking the first time since July 2003 that he did not hold any of the four major titles . In the French Open semifinals , Federer ended Djokovic 's undefeated streak of 43 consecutive wins with a stunning four @-@ set victory . However , Federer then lost in the final to Rafael Nadal . At Wimbledon , Federer advanced to his 29th consecutive Grand Slam quarterfinal , but lost to Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga . It marked the first time in his career that he had lost a Grand Slam tournament match after winning the first two sets . 
 At the US Open , Federer lost a much @-@ anticipated semifinal match with Novak Djokovic , after squandering two match points in the fifth set , which repeated his previous year 's result against Djokovic and added a second loss from two sets up in Grand Slam tournament play to his record . The loss at Flushing Meadows meant that Federer did not win any of the four majors in 2011 , the first time this has happened since 2002 . Later that month , in September 2011 , in a South African poll , Federer was voted the second most trusted and respected person in the world , next to Nelson Mandela . 
 Federer finished the season on a high note by yet again dominating the indoor season , winning his last three tournaments of the year at the Swiss Indoors , Paris Masters , and ATP World Tour Finals . He ended a 10 @-@ month title drought by winning the Swiss Indoors for the fifth time , defeating rising star Kei Nishikori . Federer followed this up with his first Paris Masters title , where he became the first player to reach all nine Masters 1000 finals . In the final of the 2011 ATP World Tour Finals , Federer defeated Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga for the third consecutive Sunday and , in doing so , claimed a record sixth ATP World Tour Finals title , finishing the year as world No. 3 . 
 
 = = = 2012 : Seventh Wimbledon , second Olympic Medal and return to No. 1 = = = 
 
 The 2012 season was a return to excellence for Federer . He had his most match wins since 2006 and his highest winning percentage and number of titles won since 2007 . 
 Federer reached the semifinal of the 2012 Australian Open , setting up a 27th career meeting with Nadal , a match he lost in four tight sets . 
 He then won the Rotterdam Open for the first time since 2005 , defeating Juan Martin del Potro . Federer played in the 2012 Dubai Tennis Championships , where he defeated Andy Murray in the final and won the championship title for the fifth time in his career . Federer then moved on to the Indian Wells Masters , where he defeated Rafael Nadal in the semifinals , and John Isner in the final . Federer won the title for a record fourth time , and , in doing so , equalled Rafael Nadal 's record of 19 ATP Masters 1000 titles . 
 Federer went on to compete at the Madrid Masters on the new blue clay surface , where he beat Tomáš Berdych in the final , thus regaining the world No. 2 ranking from Rafael Nadal . In the French Open , Federer made the semifinals before losing to Djokovic . 
 At Wimbledon , Federer survived an epic five @-@ set thriller in the third round against Julien Benneteau on his way to the semifinals . In his semifinal match @-@ up against world No. 1 Novak Djokovic , Federer earned a record eighth Wimbledon final appearance after dispatching Djokovic in four sets . Federer defeated Andy Murray in four sets in the 2012 Wimbledon final , regaining the world No. 1 ranking in the process . " It 's amazing . It equals me with Pete Sampras , who 's my hero . It just feels amazing " , Federer said of winning his seventh Wimbledon championship , tying Sampras ' Open Era record . By defeating top @-@ ranked Djokovic in the semifinals and winning in the finals , Federer returned to the top spot in the world rankings and , in doing so , broke Sampras ' record of 286 weeks atop the list . 
 Four weeks after the Wimbledon final , Federer again faced Murray on the Wimbledon centre court , this time for the final of the 2012 Summer Olympics . This came after an epic 4 @-@ hour 26 @-@ minute semifinal against Juan Martin del Potro of Argentina that Federer won 19 – 17 in the third and final set . He lost to Murray in straight sets in the final , winning a silver medal for his country . 
 Federer won in Cincinnati , beating Novak Djokovic soundly in the final . In the US Open , five @-@ time champ Federer was defeated by Tomáš Berdych in the quarterfinals . In the Shanghai Rolex Masters , defeating Stan Wawrinka in the third round , Federer confirmed his 300th week at No. 1 . Federer made it to the finals of the ATP World Tour Finals , where he lost to Novak Djokovic in two tight sets . 
 
 = = = 2013 : Injury struggles = = = 
 
 Federer struggled with back injuries sustained in March and again in July and saw his ranking drop from No. 2 to No. 6 . The 2013 season was the first since 1999 in which Federer failed to reach a final in the first four months of the year . 
 Federer 's first and only title of 2013 came at the Gerry Weber Open ( def . Mikhail Youzhny ) , where he also played doubles with good friend Tommy Haas . With the victory in Halle , he tied John McEnroe for the third @-@ most number of ATP titles won by a male player in the Open Era . Federer , however , was unable to maintain his form into Wimbledon , suffering his worst Grand Slam tournament defeat since 2003 in the second round against Sergiy Stakhovsky . Not only did the loss end Federer 's record streak of 36 consecutive quarterfinals at Grand Slam tournaments , it meant he would drop out of the top 4 for first time since July 2003 , exactly 10 years after he won his first Wimbledon title . 
 During the summer , he experimented with various different racquets and played the German Open with a blacked @-@ out 98 @-@ inch Wilson racquet , instead of his regular Pro Staff 6 @.@ 1 90 BLX racquet with the smaller 90 @-@ inch hitting area . He returned to his regular racquet for the second half of the season . After Wimbledon , Federer continued to be upset early in tournaments because of a serious back injury through October , when he announced that he was parting ways with Paul Annacone , his coach for the last three years . Federer made the final in Basel , succumbing to Juan Martín del Potro . 
 On 27 December 2013 , Federer announced that Stefan Edberg was joining his team as co @-@ coach with Severin Lüthi . 
 
 = = = 2014 : Wimbledon runner @-@ up , and Davis Cup glory = = = 
 
 Federer began the season by changing rackets for the first time in his career , from his longtime frame of 90 square inches to one measured at 97 square inches . He had long been at a comparative disadvantage in equipment as almost the entire tour , including his top rivals Nadal and Djokovic , used more powerful frames of between 95 and 100 square inches . 
 Federer played well at the Australian Open , defeating Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga and Andy Murray to reach his 11th consecutive semifinal in Melbourne , before losing to Rafael Nadal in straight sets . 
 At the Dubai Tennis Championships , he defeated Novak Djokovic in the semifinals , and then defeated Tomáš Berdych in the final to win his sixth Dubai crown and his first title since Halle in 2013 . Federer made the final at the Indian Wells Masters , but lost to Novak Djokovic in a final @-@ set tiebreaker . At the Davis Cup quarterfinals , Federer won both of his singles rubbers against Kazakhstan , the second of which was the first live deciding rubber of his Davis Cup career . Federer then took a wild card into the Monte @-@ Carlo Masters defeating Novak Djokovic on his way to the finals , but lost to compatriot Stan Wawrinka in a tight final . 
 In June , Federer announced that after the end of his third term , he would resign as President of the ATP Players Council , a position he had held since 2008 . At the Halle Open , Federer reached both the singles and the doubles finals and won his seventh Halle singles title , beating Alejandro Falla in the final . At Wimbledon , Federer reached a record ninth final , but he defeated by Djokovic in an epic five @-@ set match . 
 Federer made the final of the Canadian Open , but was defeated by Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga . Federer defeated Spain 's David Ferrer in three sets to capture his sixth Cincinnati crown and his 22nd ATP World Tour Masters 1000 title , his first since Cincinnati 2012 . He then reached the semifinals at the US Open , but lost in straight sets to eventual champion Marin Čilić . At the Davis Cup semifinals , Federer won both of his singles matches against Italy in straight sets and hence led Switzerland to the final for the first time since 1992 . 
 Federer then played in the Shanghai Masters . He beat Novak Djokovic in the semifinals , ending the Serb 's 28 @-@ match unbeaten run on Chinese soil . He battled Frenchman Gilles Simon in his second Shanghai final , defeating him in two tiebreak sets and collected the 23rd Masters 1000 title of his career . The victory saw Federer return to world No. 2 for the first time since May 2013 . Federer then played the Swiss Indoors in October , where he won a record sixth title and his 82nd ATP men 's singles title overall . Federer also reached the finals of the 2014 ATP World Tour Finals to face Djokovic again , but withdrew from the final because of another back injury from his semifinal match against Stan Wawrinka . Despite his injury , Federer finished the season on a high by defeating Richard Gasquet to clinch the Davis Cup for Switzerland for the first time in its history . 
 
 = = = 2015 : 1,000th career win , Wimbledon and US Open runners @-@ up = = = 
 
 Federer started his season at the Brisbane International . He defeated Milos Raonic in the final , thereby becoming only the third man in the Open Era to have 1000 or more wins , joining Jimmy Connors and Ivan Lendl , as well as the first man in the Open Era to win at least one title in each of 15 consecutive years . In Dubai , Federer successfully defended his title with a straight @-@ set victory over Novak Djokovic in the final , marking his seventh title at the tournament and , after Wimbledon and Halle , was the third time he had won seven or more titles in a tournament . In addition , Federer became the fourth person since 1991 to surpass 9 @,@ 000 career aces . In March , he reached the final of the Indian Wells , but lost in three sets to defending champion Djokovic . 
 Federer won his third title of the season at the inaugural Istanbul Open clay @-@ court tournament , ending a title drought on red clay since the 2009 French Open . Federer made it to the finals of the Italian Open in May. but was unable to win his first title there , losing to Djokovic in the final . 
 As the new expanded grass season began , Federer won his record eighth Gerry Weber Open and become only the third man in the Open Era to win a title eight times . Federer entered Wimbledon as the second seed . He played a flawless match to defeat Andy Murray in straight sets in the semifinals and advance to his 10th Wimbledon final in a repeat against Novak Djokovic . Federer lost the match in four sets . 
 He defeated Andy Murray and Novak Djokovic in straight sets to win the Cinicinnati Masters for the seventh time . This marked the first time that Federer had beaten the top 2 players in the world at the same tournament . At the US Open , he advanced to his first final there since 2009 without dropping a set , including a win over Stan Wawrinka in the semifinals . In the final , he was once again defeated by top seed Djokovic in four sets . At the Swiss Indoors tournament in Basel , Federer won his sixth singles title of the year , and his 88th ATP title , defeating his old rival Rafael Nadal in the final . It was the seventh time he had captured his hometown tournament . 
 In December , Federer announced that he headed into the 2016 ATP World Tour season with a new @-@ look coaching team , after announcing that Stefan Edberg would not be traveling with him next year . While countryman Severin Lüthi remained Federer ’ s head coach , joining the team in 2016 was Croatian former world No. 3 player Ivan Ljubicic . The Swiss tennis player revealed that Edberg originally signed on to the coaching team for one season only in 2014 , but agreed to stay on in 2015 . 
 
 = = = 2016 : Knee surgery and back problems , long injury break = = = 
 
 Federer started his season by participating in the Brisbane International as the defending champion , despite having a flu when the tournament started . However , in a rematch of the previous year final , he lost in the final to Milos Raonic in straight sets . Federer then participated at the 2016 Australian Open and rebounded from his third round defeat by Andreas Seppi in 2015 by reaching the semifinals but lost to eventual champion Novak Djokovic in four sets . The day after his loss to Djokovic , Federer sustained a knee injury and in early February , he underwent arthroscopic surgery to repair a torn meniscus in his knee and missed the tournaments in Rotterdam and Dubai in February and in Indian Wells in March . He was scheduled to return to action in Miami . Due to a stomach flu he had to withdraw from Miami thus prolonging his time on the sidelines . He did however , make his comeback at the Monte @-@ Carlo Masters with straight set wins over Guillermo García @-@ López and Roberto Bautista Agut before losing in the quarterfinals to Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga in three sets . Federer then announced that he would be entering the Madrid Open . However , he suffered a back injury during practice and withdrew shortly after arriving . Although the season had been plagued with injuries , Federer regained the # 2 ranking in the world for a brief moment following Madrid . He then participated in the Internazionali BNL d 'Italia where he defeated Alexander Zverev in straight sets , but lost in the third round to Dominic Thiem . He subsequently missed the Madrid Open , before withdrawing from the French Open , breaking a run of 65 consecutive participations in the main @-@ draw of Grand Slam tournaments , stretching back to the 2000 Australian Open . On 6 July , he came back from two sets down to defeat Marin Čilić in five sets in the 2016 Wimbledon quarterfinals , equalling Jimmy Connors ' all @-@ time records of eleven Wimbledon semifinals and 84 match wins . He suffered his first ever defeat in a Wimbledon semifinal two days later , in five set loss to Raonic . 
 On 26 July , Federer announced that he would miss the 2016 Summer Olympics and the remainder of the 2016 season to fully recover from his knee injury . 
 
 = = Rivalries = = 
 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Nadal = = = 
 
 Federer and Nadal have been playing each other since 2004 , and their rivalry is a significant part of both men 's careers . 
 They held the top two rankings on the ATP Tour from July 2005 until 17 August 2009 , when Nadal fell to world No. 3 ( Andy Murray became the new No. 2 ) . They are the only pair of men to have ever finished six consecutive calendar years at the top . Federer was ranked No. 1 for a record 237 consecutive weeks beginning in February 2004 . Nadal , who is five years younger , ascended to No. 2 in July 2005 and held this spot for a record 160 consecutive weeks , before surpassing Federer in August 2008 . 
 Nadal leads their head @-@ to @-@ head 23 – 11 . Of their 34 matches , 15 have been on clay , which is by far Nadal 's best surface . Federer has a winning record on grass ( 2 – 1 ) and indoor hard courts ( 5 – 1 ) , while Nadal leads the outdoor hard courts ( 8 – 2 ) and clay ( 13 – 2 ) . Because tournament seedings are based on rankings , 21 of their matches have been in tournament finals which have included an all @-@ time record eight Grand Slam finals . From 2006 to 2008 , they played in every French Open and Wimbledon final . They then met in the 2009 Australian Open final and the 2011 French Open final . Nadal won six of the eight , losing the first two Wimbledon finals . Three of these finals were five set @-@ matches ( 2007 and 2008 Wimbledon , 2009 Australian Open ) , with the 2008 Wimbledon final being lauded as the greatest match ever by many long @-@ time tennis analysts . Of their 34 meetings , 12 have reached a deciding set . They have also played in 10 Masters Series finals , including their lone five @-@ hour match at the 2006 Rome Masters which Nadal won in a fifth @-@ set tie @-@ break , having saved two match points . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Djokovic = = = 
 
 Federer and Djokovic have met 45 times with Djokovic leading 23 – 22 wins . They are tied 17 – 17 on hard @-@ courts and 4 – 4 on clay while Djokovic leads 2 – 1 on grass . The Federer – Djokovic rivalry is the largest rivalry in men 's Grand Slam tournament history with a record 15 matches played against each other with Djokovic leading 9 – 6 . Djokovic is the only player besides Nadal to defeat Federer in consecutive Grand Slam tournaments ( 2010 US Open and 2011 Australian Open , also 2015 Wimbledon , US Open and 2016 Australian Open ) , and the only player besides Nadal and Murray who has double @-@ figure career wins over Federer . Djokovic is one of two players ( the other again being Nadal ) currently on tour to have defeated Federer in straight sets at a Grand Slam event ( 2008 Australian Open , 2011 Australian Open , 2012 French Open ) and the only player to do so three times . Of their 45 meetings , 15 have reached a deciding set . 
 Federer and Djokovic first played in a Grand Slam final at the 2007 US Open where the three @-@ time reigning champion and world No. 1 Federer emerged victorious in straight sets . Federer ended Djokovic 's perfect 41 – 0 start to the 2011 season in the semifinals of the French Open , but Djokovic was able to avenge this loss at the 2011 US Open in five sets after saving two match points against Federer for the second straight year . In the semifinals of Wimbledon 2012 , Federer beat defending champion and world No. 1 Djokovic in four sets . The two met again during the finals of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships with Djokovic emerging victorious after 5 sets . Federer also ended Djokovic 's 28 straight wins in China at 2014 Shanghai Open . Federer and Djokovic rematched in the 2015 Wimbledon Championships with Djokovic once again claiming victory in four sets . The pair met once more for the final major of the season , the 2015 US Open and once more Djokovic prevailed in 4 sets . Many experts have included the rivalry between Federer and Djokovic as one of the best rivalries in the Open Era . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Murray = = = 
 
 Federer and Andy Murray have met 25 times with Federer leading 14 – 11 . Federer leads 12 – 10 on hard courts , and 2 – 1 on grass . They have never met on clay . The two have met six times at the Grand Slam tournament level , the first three times in the finals , Federer winning all three of these matches ; at the 2008 US Open and the 2010 Australian Open , both of which he won in straight sets , and at the 2012 Wimbledon Championships in which Murray took the opening set , but went on to lose in four sets . However , Murray won their encounter in the semifinals of the 2013 Australian Open , defeating the Swiss for the first time at a Grand slam tournament in five sets . At the 2014 Australian Open , Federer reversed that result , defeating Murray in four sets in the quarterfinals . The most recent meeting between the two in a Major was in the semifinals of the 2015 Wimbledon Championships , where a dominant Federer triumphed in straight sets . 
 They met in the final of the 2012 Summer Olympic Games , in which Murray defeated Federer in straight sets , denying the Swiss a career Golden Slam . Murray also leads 6 – 3 in ATP 1000 tournaments , 2 – 0 in finals . They have also met five times at the ATP World Tour Finals , with Murray winning in Shanghai in 2008 , and Federer in London in 2009 , 2010 , 2012 , and 2014 . Murray is one of only three players to have recorded 10 or more victories over Federer ( the other two being Nadal and Novak Djokovic ) . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Roddick = = = 
 
 One of Federer 's longstanding rivalries was with American Andy Roddick . Roddick lost his world No. 1 ranking to Federer after Federer won his first Australian Open in 2004 . Federer and Roddick met on 24 occasions , including four Grand Slam event finals ( three at Wimbledon and one at the US Open – all won by Federer ) . Federer 's record is overall 21 – 3 . Roddick himself said it was not much of a rivalry , being so one @-@ sided . 
 In the 2009 Wimbledon final , Roddick lost to Federer in five sets . The match included a fifth set of 30 games ( a Grand Slam final record ) and was over four hours long . In the final game of the deciding set , Roddick 's serve was broken for the first time in the match . With that victory , Federer broke Pete Sampras ' record of 14 Grand Slam tournament titles , and Roddick apologized to Sampras ( who was there ) for not being able to hold Federer . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Hewitt = = = 
 
 Lleyton Hewitt and Roger Federer played each other on 27 occasions . Early in their careers , Hewitt dominated Federer , winning seven of their first nine meetings , including a victory from two sets down in the 2003 Davis Cup semifinal which allowed Australia to defeat Switzerland . However , from 2004 onward , Federer dominated the rivalry , winning 16 of the last 18 meetings to finish with an 18 – 9 overall head @-@ to @-@ head record . This is Hewitt 's longest rivalry as these two first played each other as juniors in 1996 . They met in one Grand Slam tournament final , the 2004 US Open final , where Federer won his first US Open title in a lopsided encounter in which Federer scored a bagel either side of a second @-@ set tiebreak . Federer met Hewitt at six of the Grand Slam tournaments in which he lifted the trophy , including all five of his triumphs between 2004 and 2005 . Their last meeting was at the 2014 Brisbane International , where Hewitt triumphed over Federer in three sets for his first title since 2010 , when he also beat Federer to the Halle title . 
 Hewitt and Federer teamed up in the men 's doubles at Wimbledon in 1999 . They got to the third round before losing to Jonas Björkman and Pat Rafter . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Agassi = = = 
 
 Federer and Agassi played each other 11 times between 1998 and 2005 before Agassi 's retirement in 2006 . Federer led the rivalry 8 – 3 . This was Federer 's most significant rivalry with an all @-@ time great player of the previous generation . They first met in only the third tournament of Federer 's career at the 1998 Swiss Indoors in Federer 's hometown , with Agassi prevailing over the 17 @-@ year @-@ old . Agassi also defeated Federer at the 2001 US Open and the finals of the Miami Masters in 2002 . Federer began to turn the tide at the Masters Cup in 2003 , when he defeated Agassi in both the round robin and the final . They played a memorable quarterfinal match at the 2004 US Open that spanned over 2 days with Federer eventually prevailing in 5 sets . At the 2005 Dubai Championships , Federer and Agassi attracted worldwide headlines with a publicity stunt that saw the two tennis legends play on a helipad almost 700 feet above sea level at the world famous seven @-@ star luxury hotel the Burj al @-@ Arab . Their final match was at one of the most prestigious platforms in the sport , when they played in the finals of the 2005 US Open . Federer was victorious in four sets , claiming the 6th Grand Slam tournament of his career and denying Agassi his 9th . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. del Potro = = = 
 
 Juan Martin del Potro and Roger Federer have played 20 times with Federer leading 15 – 5 . They have met six times in Grand Slam tournaments with Federer leading 5 – 1 . Their two most famous Grand Slam tournament meetings both came in 2009 . The first was in the French Open semifinals , when Federer survived an epic five @-@ set clash when he was chasing the only French title of his career . The second was in the final of the US Open , where del Potro stunned Federer in five sets , ending his 20 @-@ match winning streak at majors . Another high @-@ profile match was in the semifinals of the 2012 London Olympics , where Federer prevailed 19 – 17 in a grueling final set to secure the Olympic silver medal . Most recently , they met in the finals of the Swiss Indoors in 2012 and 2013 , with del Potro prevailing on both occasions in tight three @-@ set matches . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Safin = = = 
 
 Marat Safin and Federer played each other 12 times , with Federer leading 10 – 2 . Federer and Safin turned pro within one year of each other , with Safin turning pro in 1997 and Federer in 1998 . Federer leads 4 – 1 on hard courts , 3 – 0 on grass , and 3 – 0 on clay courts , while Safin leads 1 – 0 on carpet . Notable meetings include Federer 's defeating Safin at the 2002 Hamburg Masters to win the first Masters 1000 title of his career , as well as Federer 's emerging victorious in the semifinals of the 2004 Tennis Masters Cup , after winning a tiebreak 20 – 18 on his eighth match point . Federer also defeated Safin in the finals of the 2004 Australian Open to capture his first Australian Open and second Grand Slam tournament title . However , Safin defeated Federer in the 2005 Australian Open semifinals , having saved one match point in the fourth @-@ set tiebreak , to end a 26 @-@ match winning streak by Federer . They met each other five times in Grand Slam tournaments , with Federer leading 4 – 1 . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Nalbandian = = = 
 
 David Nalbandian was Federer 's biggest rival in his early career . The two played each other 19 times , with Federer leading 11 – 8 . Nalbandian dominated early on , taking all of their first five matches from 2002 – 03 . Federer reversed this trend at the 2003 Masters Cup , where he recorded his first victory , and would go on to win 11 of their last 14 meetings . Federer led 6 – 5 on hard courts , 1 – 0 on grass , and 3 – 1 on clay courts , while Nalbandian led 2 – 1 on carpet . Notable meetings include Nalbandian 's win in a fifth @-@ set tiebreaker to win the 2005 Masters Cup , and Federer 's win in the 2006 French Open semifinals . They met each other six times in Grand Slam tournaments , with Federer leading 4 – 2 . 
 
 = = = Federer vs. Berdych = = = 
 
 Tomáš Berdych and Federer have played each other 22 times with Federer leading 16 – 6 . Federer leads 9 – 5 on hard courts , 2 – 1 on grass courts , 4 – 0 on clay courts , and 1 – 0 on carpet . Berdych won their first professional match , notably upsetting then world No. 1 Federer at the 2004 Summer Olympics . Federer then went on to win their next eight meetings , before Berdych ended the losing streak in 2010 . Between 2010 and 2013 , Berdych won 5 of 8 meetings . Federer then switched to a larger racquet in 2014 to prevent being overpowered by players like Berdych and leads 5 – 0 since . They have met seven times in Grand Slam tournaments , with Federer leading 5 – 2 , and Berdych is one of five players , along with Arnaud Clément , Álex Corretja , David Nalbandian , and Jo @-@ Wilfried Tsonga , to defeat Federer multiple times in majors before the semifinal stage . Their most notable Grand Slam matches took place in the 2009 Australian Open , when Federer prevailed in five sets after dropping the first two sets , the 2010 Wimbledon Championships , the 2012 US Open , both of which Berdych won in four sets. and the 2016 Australian Open , which Federer won in straight sets . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Federer has been regarded by many pundits , coaches , and past and present players as the greatest tennis player of all time . He dominated the game at his peak and has more Grand Slam tournament titles ( 17 ) than any other men 's singles player . He is also the first men 's singles player to have reached 10 consecutive Grand Slam tournament finals and a total of 27 Grand Slam finals . He spent the most amount of time in the Open Era at the top of the ATP Rankings ( 302 weeks ) . He also holds the record for the most titles ( 6 ) at the year @-@ end tournament , where only the year @-@ end 8 highest @-@ ranked players participate . Federer has been ranked among the top 8 players in the world continuously since 14 October 2002 
 Federer has won the ATPWorldTour.com Fans ' Favourite Award a record 13 times consecutively ( 2003 – 2015 ) and the Stefan Edberg Sportsmanship Award ( voted for by the players ) a record 11 times ( 2004 – 2009 , 2011 – 2015 ) , both being awards indicative of respect and popularity . He also won the Arthur Ashe Humanitarian of the Year Award twice in 2006 and 2013 . He was named the Laureus World Sportsman of the Year for a record four consecutive years ( 2005 – 2008 ) . Federer is at times referred to as the Federer Express , shortened to Fed Express or FedEx , and the Swiss Maestro , or just Maestro . 
 
 = = Playing style = = 
 
 Federer 's versatility has been summarised by Jimmy Connors : " In an era of specialists , you 're either a clay court specialist , a grass court specialist , or a hard court specialist ... or you 're Roger Federer . " 
 An elite athlete , Federer is an all @-@ court , all @-@ around player known for his speed , fluid style of play , and exceptional shot making . Federer mainly plays from the baseline but is also comfortable at the net , being one of the best volleyers in the game today . He has a powerful , accurate smash and very effectively performs rare elements in today 's tennis , such as backhand smash and skyhook , half @-@ volley and jump smash ( slam dunk ) . David Foster Wallace compared the brute force of Federer 's forehand motion with that of " a great liquid whip " , while John McEnroe has referred to Federer 's forehand as " the greatest shot in our sport . " Federer is also known for his efficient movement around the court and excellent footwork , which enables him to run around shots directed to his backhand and instead hit a powerful inside @-@ out or inside @-@ in forehand , one of his best shots . 
 Federer plays with a single @-@ handed backhand , which gives him great variety . He employs the slice , occasionally using it to lure his opponent to the net and deliver a passing shot . Federer can also fire topspin winners and possesses a ' flick ' backhand with which he can generate pace with his wrist ; this is usually used to pass the opponent at the net . His serve is difficult to read because he always uses a similar ball toss , regardless of what type of serve he is going to hit and where he aims to hit it , and turns his back to his opponents during his motion . He is often able to produce big serves on key points during a match . His first serve is typically around 200 km / h ( 125 mph ) ; however , he is capable of serving at 220 km / h ( 137 mph ) . Federer is also accomplished at serve and volleying , and employed this tactic frequently in his early career . 
 Later in his career , Federer added the drop shot to his arsenal and can perform a well @-@ disguised one off both wings . He sometimes uses a between @-@ the @-@ legs shot , which is colloquially referred to as a " tweener " or " hotdog " . His most notable use of the tweener was in the semifinals of the 2009 US Open against Novak Djokovic , bringing him triple match point . Federer is one of the top players who employs successfully the " squash shot " , when he gets pushed deep and wide on his forehand wing . Since Stefan Edberg joined his coaching team at the start of the 2014 season , Federer has played a more offensive game , attacking the net more often , and improved his volley shots . In the lead @-@ up to the 2015 US Open , Federer successfully added a new unique shot to his arsenal called SABR ( Sneak Attack by Roger ) , in which he charges his opponent while receiving the serve and hits a return on the run . 
 
 = = Equipment and apparel = = 
 
 
 = = = Equipment = = = 
 
 Federer currently plays with the Wilson Prostaff RF97 Autograph , a 97 square inch tennis racquet with 21 @.@ 5 mm beam , 360 g weight , 331 swing weight and 16x19 string pattern ( all strung with overgrip ) . Since the 1998 Wimbledon Junior Championships Federer played with a Pro Staff 6 @.@ 1 90 BLX tennis racquet , which is characterised by its smaller hitting area of 90 square inches , heavy strung weight of 364 grams , and thin beam of 17 @.@ 5 millimeters . His grip size was 4 3 / 8 inches ( sometimes referred to as L3 ) . Federer strung his racquets at 21 @.@ 5 kg mains / 20 kg crosses pre @-@ stretched 20 percent , using Wilson Natural Gut 16 gauge for his main strings and Luxilon Big Banger ALU Power Rough 16L gauge ( polyester ) for his cross strings . When asked about string tensions , Federer stated " this depends on how warm the days are and with what kind of balls I play and against who I play . So you can see – it depends on several factors and not just the surface ; the feeling I have is most important . " 
 
 = = = Apparel = = = 
 
 Federer has a contract with Nike footwear and apparel . For the 2006 championships at Wimbledon , Nike designed a jacket emblazoned with a crest of three tennis racquets , symbolising the three Wimbledon Championships he had previously won , and which was updated the next year with four racquets after he won the Championship in 2006 . In Wimbledon 2008 and again in 2009 , Nike continued this trend by making him a personalized cardigan which also has his own logo , an R and F joined together . 
 
 = = Endorsements = = 
 
 Federer is one of the highest @-@ earning athletes in the world . He is listed at number five on Forbes World 's Highest Paid Athletes list . As of 2013 , he remains the top earner in tennis with ten endorsement deals . He makes 40 to 50 million euros a year from prize money and endorsements from Nike and the Swiss companies Nationale Suisse , Credit Suisse , Rolex , Lindt , and Jura Elektroapparate . In 2010 , his endorsement by Mercedes @-@ Benz China was extended into a global partnership deal . His other sponsors include Gillette , Wilson , and Moët & Chandon . Previously , he was an ambassador for NetJets , Emmi AG , and Maurice Lacroix . 
 
 = = Career statistics = = 
 
 
 = = = Grand Slam tournament performance timeline = = = 
 
 Note : Federer received fourth @-@ round walkovers at the US Open ( 2004 and 2012 ) and the Wimbledon Championships ( 2007 ) , and a second @-@ round walkover at the Australian Open ( 2012 ) ; these are not counted as wins 
 
 = = = = Finals : 27 ( 17 titles , 10 runners @-@ up ) = = = = 
 
 
 = = = Year @-@ End Championship performance timeline = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Year – End Championship finals : 10 ( 6 titles , 4 runners @-@ up ) = = = = 
 
 ( i ) = Indoor 
 
 = = = Records = = = 
 
 
 = = = = All @-@ time tournament records = = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Open Era records = = = = 
 
 These records were attained in the Open Era of tennis . 
 Records in bold indicate peerless achievements . 
 Records in italics are currently active streaks . 
 
 = = = Video = = = 
 
 Wimbledon Classic Match : Federer vs Sampras . Standing Room Only , DVD release date : 31 October 2006 , run time : 233 minutes , ASIN B000ICLR98 . 
 Wimbledon 2007 Final : Federer vs. Nadal ( 2007 ) . Kultur White Star , DVD release date : 30 October 2007 , run time : 180 minutes , ASIN B000V02CU0 . 
 Wimbledon — The 2008 Finals : Nadal vs. Federer . Standing Room Only , DVD release date : 19 August 2008 , run time : 300 minutes , ASIN B001CWYUBU . 
 
 = = = Profiles = = = 
 
 Roger Federer at the Association of Tennis Professionals 
 Roger Federer at the International Tennis Federation 
 Roger Federer at the Davis Cup 
 Roger Federer at the Internet Movie Database 
 
 = Jane 's Attack Squadron = 
 
 Jane 's Attack Squadron is a 2002 combat flight simulator developed by Looking Glass Studios and Mad Doc Software and published by Xicat Interactive . Based on World War II , the game allows players to pilot fifteen reproductions of that era 's military aircraft and to carry out missions for the Axis or Allies . Although it contains dogfights , the game focuses largely on air @-@ to @-@ ground combat . 
 Jane 's Attack Squadron was first conceived by Looking Glass employee Seamus Blackley as Flight Combat , a combat @-@ based sequel to Flight Unlimited . The company continued designing the game after Blackley was fired in 1995 , and it entered production under Electronic Arts in 1998 . The team experienced problems with deadlines and funding during development , with the game eventually being heavily redesigned and renamed Jane 's Attack Squadron at the request of the publisher . These issues contributed to Looking Glass 's bankruptcy and closure in 2000 . In 2001 and 2002 , the game was acquired and finished by Mad Doc Software , a company in part composed of former Looking Glass employees . 
 The game received mixed to poor reviews . Critics found its physics modelling unrealistic , and many believed that the game 's graphics and gameplay were outdated , particularly in light of contemporary simulators like IL @-@ 2 Sturmovik . The limited number of missions and large number of glitches were widely panned . Certain critics enjoyed Jane 's Attack Squadron 's air @-@ to @-@ ground combat and several hoped that fans would improve the game with the included physics and mission editors . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 As a combat flight simulator , Jane 's Attack Squadron allows players to pilot military aircraft in a three @-@ dimensional ( 3D ) graphical environment . The game is set in Western Europe during World War II ; and players may control fifteen German and Allied planes from the era , including the Focke @-@ Wulf Fw 190 , Supermarine Spitfire , Junkers Ju 88 , Avro Lancaster and Consolidated B @-@ 24 Liberator . Although dogfights are possible , the game places a heavy focus on air @-@ to @-@ ground combat . Objectives range from bombing and torpedo runs to defense and escort missions . The player may engage in tutorials , " quick missions " , " single missions " and a campaign . Quick missions allow the player to select variables such as the objective and the number of friendly and enemy aircraft , while single missions , of which there are five , are scripted , " pre @-@ made " levels . Two campaigns are available : one each for the Allies and Germans . Both campaigns feature ten missions that branch depending on the outcome achieved by the player . An online multiplayer component allows players to engage in dogfights . 
 Each plane in Jane 's Attack Squadron is composed of forty @-@ five parts that may be removed or otherwise damaged in combat . Damage to these parts affects performance ; for example , a broken fuel line will leak , quickly decreasing the fuel gauge . Various adjustments may be made to the game 's realism , including an " arcade physics " option that drastically reduces flight difficulty . The game is packaged with the mission and physics editors that were used to develop it . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 
 = = = At Looking Glass = = = 
 
 In September 1994 , Looking Glass Technologies employee Seamus Blackley told Computer Gaming World that he wanted to create a combat @-@ based sequel to Flight Unlimited , whose development he was directing at the time . The magazine 's Johnny L. Wilson wrote , " If Flight Unlimited can pass the civilian tests , the military version should be right behind it . " In March of the next year , Blackley told PC Gamer US that the sequel " should feel so real that pilots will be afraid . They 'll feel the gun hits . " He dismissed the flight dynamics in other flight simulators , such as Falcon 3 @.@ 0 , in favor of the real @-@ time computational fluid dynamics ( CFDs ) model he created for Flight Unlimited . When PC Gamer 's Bernie Yee asked why the team had waited to make a combat flight simulator , Blackley responded that they wanted to " retrain " players first . In September , Computer Gaming World reported that Blackley was designing a combat @-@ based sequel to Flight Unlimited under the working title Flight Combat . Blackley told them that it would " make you into a fighter pilot " , and the magazine commented that it would teach the same material as the Air Force . The team planned to allow players to practice an element and then execute it on a mission , and Blackley said that the game would feature competitive online play . However , a new manager at Looking Glass Technologies , instated by venture capital investors , demanded that Blackley work on Flight Unlimited II instead of Flight Combat . Blackley refused and was fired , leaving the company in late 1995 . 
 In March 1996 , PC Gamer US reported that Flight Combat was " still taxiing across the design board " , and that the team planned to focus " on how the aerial manoeuvres are performed as you fight " . Looking Glass designer Constantine Hantzopoulos told the magazine that a modified version of the Flight Unlimited engine was being used to develop Flight Combat and Flight Unlimited II . Hantzopoulos commented that Flight Combat was " the project everybody at Looking Glass wants to work on " . The team expected to be finished with the game in roughly one year . By June 1997 , GameSpot reported that Flight Unlimited II was running on the new ZOAR engine , coded from scratch by programmer James Fleming . In addition , the real @-@ time CFDs model from Flight Unlimited had been discarded , as its programming was " all black box spaghetti code from Seamus " . GameSpot 's T. Liam MacDonald noted that the Flight Unlimited II team expected soon to use the same engine for a combat flight simulator set in World War II . Computer Gaming World similarly reported that the company was " definitely hot " to develop Flight Combat , and that it might be created after Flight Unlimited II . Following that game 's completion , the team could not decide between developing Flight Unlimited III or Flight Combat . As a result , they decided to develop them simultaneously , and Flight Combat began production in early 1998 . Unlike all of the studio 's other games , development of Flight Combat was funded through an insured bond , in an attempt to guarantee that the game would be finished . The company 's Tim Stellmach later said that this setup was " a real pain for [ the team ] in some ways " . 
 Looking Glass signed a multi @-@ game publishing deal with Electronic Arts in May 1998 , and that company became the publisher of Flight Combat . The team " undersold " the game to Electronic Arts , and James Sterrett of the fansite Through the Looking Glass believed that the team " gambled that it could get the game out the door faster than the budget actually called for " . In March 1999 , the game was announced as the World War II @-@ themed Flight Combat : Thunder Over Europe , directed by Hantzopoulos and scheduled for release in fall of that year . That May , the game was shown at the Electronic Arts booth at E3 . Computer Games Magazine 's Steve Udell wrote that the game would feature a new iteration of the Flight Unlimited terrain renderer , and IGN reported that one million square miles of terrain based on European landscapes would be available . Weather conditions such as snow and rain were planned . Udell wrote that Flight Combat 's flight physics were an updated version of those from recent Flight Unlimited games , with new material taken from operations manuals and flight tests . Plane models and textures were based on photographs , and many of the moving parts and flight control surfaces were modeled individually . Players were given the option to customize planes . Udell described a physics @-@ based damage system that , according to the company , made it impossible to " see the exact same kind of damage twice " . Two campaigns — the Battle of Britain and the Defence of the Reich — were announced , with missions based on dogfights , air @-@ to @-@ ground combat and bombing runs . Looking Glass claimed that the game would feature " moving tanks and ships duk [ ing ] it out on a dynamic battlefield " as the player carried out missions . Aesthetically , IGN 's Tal Blevins noted that the game had " a very distinct 40s charm " , which was present " from the briefings to the options screens " . 
 
 = = = Bankruptcy and cancellation = = = 
 
 Electronic Arts rebranded Flight Combat as Jane 's Attack Squadron , to fit with the Jane 's Information Group license that the publisher had used for its Jane 's Combat Simulations line . According to Stellmach , the publisher demanded that the game be heavily redesigned " partway through " development , which exacerbated the team 's existing problems with meeting deadlines . Sterrett believed that the game 's schedule and funding did not receive the necessary adjustments to allow for this redesign . Together with Flight Unlimited III 's commercial failure , the expenses of Jane 's Attack Squadron 's long development used up revenue from Thief : The Dark Project , which had helped the company recover from the failure of Terra Nova : Strike Force Centauri and British Open Championship Golf . Compounding these problems , business deals with Microsoft , Irrational Games and Eidos Interactive were unsuccessful . As a result , Looking Glass Studios went bankrupt in May 2000 . At the time , Jane 's Attack Squadron was roughly three months from completion . Thief II Gold and Thief III were cancelled as a result of the company 's closure , but Jane 's Attack Squadron , because it was near completion and funded through an insured bond , had a chance of being finished . 
 According to Gordon Berg of Computer Gaming World , the legal and logistical problems of keeping " a portion of Looking Glass [ ... ] intact " to finish the game had been " hurdled " . Further , because of the game 's type of funding , the continued development of Jane 's Attack Squadron would have been at little cost to Electronic Arts . Fans petitioned the publisher to let development continue , and Looking Glass employee Rich Carlson said that Hantzopoulos and others from the Flight series , roughly twenty in all , were prepared to work on the game again . The petition reached 2 @,@ 000 signatures by May 30 and 5 @,@ 000 by June 1 . However , Electronic Arts dropped the game . The publisher 's Jeff Brown said that the decision " was based on our deep uncertainty that the project could meet any schedule given the changes in senior management and a history of missing deadlines . " Brown told the website Combatsim that Electronic Arts had " worked diligently " with Looking Glass for more than two years , and that , although the game had missed its planned October 1999 release , they had been willing to delay the project into 2000 . He blamed the developer 's closure for the decision to cancel the game . Rumors circulated that the decision was part of the publisher 's larger plan to abandon the flight simulator genre , and Computer Gaming World 's Denny Atkin later summarized that the company " ran screaming from the simulation market " after Looking Glass 's bankruptcy . Electronic Arts soon dropped the Jane 's Information Group license . 
 
 = = = At Mad Doc = = = 
 
 After the closure of Looking Glass , certain employees of that company moved to developer Mad Doc Software , and they hoped to complete Jane 's Attack Squadron . The game 's original lead designer and lead programmer were among those hired by Mad Doc . Dotted Line Entertainment , Mad Doc 's agent company , secured the rights to the game 's code for the team in 2001 . Development commenced shortly afterward . In August of that year , it was reported that the Jane 's Information Group license had been obtained by Xicat Interactive , and that the company planned to publish Mad Doc 's revival of Jane 's Attack Squadron . The full details of the agreement were announced at that year 's European Computer Trade Show , where it was revealed that Jane 's Attack Squadron would focus heavily on air @-@ to @-@ ground combat . According to Mad Doc 's Tim Farrar , " Our goal wasn 't to create a completely new game , it was to complete the game that was started at LG . " Farrar noted that , although the company " trimmed some of the more ambitious features " , Jane 's Attack Squadron was effectively " the same game " created by Looking Glass . As with Flight Combat , the game features one million square miles of terrain , planes with individually modelled moving parts and a physics @-@ based damage system . 
 In October 2001 , the game was officially announced in a press release by Mad Doc . Steve Nadeau , the lead designer of the game at both development studios , said that he looked forward to polishing Jane 's Attack Squadron and " giv [ ing ] it a new life " . He believed that the team was " very excited " to finish the game , a sentiment later echoed by the game 's producer , David Halpern . According to Nadeau , the presence of members of the Looking Glass team ensured that it would " closely reflect our original vision of the game : an action @-@ packed World War II air combat simulation accessible to users of all skill levels " . Farrar announced that the team 's mission and physics editors would be released alongside the game , which he hoped would generate interest among players . Farrar later commented that , because of the game 's physics @-@ based damage system and individually modelled components , wings could be shot off and fuel tanks detonated . He also explained that coolant tanks could be hit , giving the pilot a limited amount of time before the plane engine overheated . He wrote that losing a wing tip meant " a bumpy ride " , but the loss of the tail caused the plane to " spin into the ground " . Jane 's Attack Squadron went gold in March 2002 , and was released that month . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Denny Atkin of Computer Gaming World wrote that Jane 's Attack Squadron " had the potential to be sim of the year in 2000 " , but that it had been rendered largely irrelevant by delays and " unrealized design goals . " He believed that its graphics would have been " state of the art in 2000 " , but he found them middling in 2002 ; and he noted the presence of numerous glitches . He considered the game 's most serious flaw to be its low number of missions . Although Atkin found the air @-@ to @-@ air combat " generally fun " , citing " good pilot AI " and " decent " flight physics , he believed that the game 's bombing runs were its most outstanding element . He hoped that fans would use the mission and physics editors to improve the game , and he concluded , " It 's buggy , but when it works it 's worth flying . " Andy Mahood of PC Gamer US wrote that Jane 's Attack Squadron is " unquestionably an entertaining and unique WWII prop sim " , but he believed that it was clearly inferior to games such as IL @-@ 2 Sturmovik . He found the game 's graphics to be outdated and its design to be " simplistic " , and he wrote that its " somewhat basic flight model " prevents advanced maneuvers . He praised the game 's sound effects and music , as well as its " intricate damage modeling " , as its best features . He finished by saying that , because the genre was " starving for fresh titles " , Jane 's Attack Squadron could be recommended despite its flaws . 
 IGN 's Tom Chick found it " unrealistic , erratic , and limited " , writing that it " looks bad , plays poorly , and is unstable . " He disliked its " canned and rigidly scripted missions " , although he found its bombing runs " interesting " and its air @-@ to @-@ air combat features acceptable . However , he believed that ease of shooting down aircraft made the damage system 's " powerful amount of flexibility " worthless . Chick believed that the multiplayer component was one of the game 's worst features , and he derided the game 's " suspiciously canned physics " , which offered " a grab bag of fidelity mixed in with heaps of silliness . " He summarized Jane 's Attack Squadron as " awful . " Josh Horowitz of The Adrenaline Vault noted the complex damage system , and he believed that the game " looks as good as most of today 's flight simulators " , although he experienced performance issues . He noted that the gameplay was hurt by " corner cutting or general incompletion " , such as the limited in @-@ game tutorials . Horowitz found the game " repetitive " because of its lack of missions and " low sense of involvement " , and , like Chick , he disliked its multiplayer and " linear " missions . Although he offered significant praise for its sound , Horowitz concluded that the game was " a buggy , incomplete offering " , and that those " looking for the next great Jane 's title will likely be disappointed . " 
 GameSpy 's Bernard Dy wrote that the game failed to live up to the Jane 's Combat Simulations pedigree , and he believed that those who enjoyed " the realism of Il @-@ 2 Sturmovik will be disappointed . " He disliked its " relaxed flight models " and lack of features , and he cited a large number of glitches . However , Dy found its damage system " robust " and he believed that the game was " not a total loss . " Like Atkin , he hoped that fans would improve the game with its detailed editors , although he believed that this was somewhat unlikely . 
 
 
 = 1955 Atlantic hurricane season = 
 
 The 1955 Atlantic hurricane season was , at the time , the costliest season ever recorded . The hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1955 , and ended on November 15 , 1955 . It was slightly above average , with 13 recorded tropical cyclones . The first storm , Alice , had persisted since December 30 , 1954 . Alice caused relatively minor impact as it tracked through the Lesser Antilles and eastern Caribbean Sea in early January . Tropical Storm Brenda caused two deaths and minor damage along the Gulf Coast of the United States in early August . The quick succession of Hurricanes Connie and Diane caused significant flooding in the Northeastern United States , with nearly $ 1 billion ( 1955 USD ) in losses and at least 232 fatalities . The next three storms – Hurricanes Edith and Flora and Tropical Storm Five – caused very minor or no impact . In early August , Hurricane Gladys caused severe localized flooding in Mexico , primarily in Mexico City . Additionally , an offshoot of Gladys inflicted minor impact in Texas . 
 Hurricane Hilda struck the Greater Antilles and then Mexico . It was attributed to at least 304 deaths and $ 120 million in losses . In mid @-@ September , Hurricane Ione struck eastern North Carolina and contributed the flooding from Connie and Diane , resulting in seven fatalities and $ 88 million in damage . Later that month , Hurricane Janet , which peaked as a Category 5 hurricane , lashed several countries adjacent to the Caribbean Sea , as well as Mexico and British Honduras . Janet resulted in $ 53 @.@ 8 million in damage and at least 716 deaths . An unnamed tropical storm in the month of October did not impact land . Hurricane Katie , the final storm , caused minor damage in a sparsely populated area of Hispaniola , totaling to at least $ 200 @,@ 000 ; 7 fatalities were also reported . Collectively , the storms caused 1518 deaths and $ 1 @.@ 2 billion in losses , making it the costliest season at the time . A record number of names – four – were retired following the season , which was tied by 1995 and 2004 , and then surpassed in 2005 ( when five names were retired ) . 
 
 = = Season summary = = 
 
 On April 11 , 1955 , which was prior to the start of the season , Gordon Dunn was promoted to the chief meteorologist of the Miami Hurricane Warning Office . Dunn was replacing Grady Norton , who died from a stroke while forecasting Hurricane Hazel of the previous season . In early June , the Hurricane Hunters received new reconnaissance aircraft , which contained the latest radar and electronic equipment , at the time . Later that month , shortly before the start of the 1955 season , a bill was proposed in the United States Senate to provide funding for 55 new radar stations along the East Coast of the United States . After the United States House of Representatives passed a bill allotting $ 5 million , the Senate disputed about possibly increasing the funding two @-@ fold to $ 10 million . Eventually , the radars were installed , starting in July 1955 . After the devastating storms of the season , particularly Connie and Diane , a United States Government organization with the propose of monitoring tropical cyclones was established in 1956 with $ 500 @,@ 000 in funding ; it later became the modern @-@ day National Hurricane Center . 
 The Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 15 , 1955 . It was an above average season in which 13 tropical cyclones formed . In a typical season , about nine tropical storms develop , of which five strengthen to hurricane strength . All thirteen depressions attained tropical storm status , and eleven of these attained hurricane status . Six hurricanes further intensified into major hurricanes . The season was above average most likely because of an strong , ongoing La Niña . Hurricane Alice developed in late December 1954 , but persisted into January 1955 , and was operationally analysed to have developed in the latter . Within the official hurricane season bounds , tropical cyclogenesis did not occur until July 31 , with the development of Tropical Storm Brenda . However , during the month of August , four tropical cyclones formed – including Connie , Diane , Edith , and an unnamed tropical storm . Five additional tropical cyclones – Flora , Gladys , Hilda , Ione , and Janet – all developed in September . Tropical cyclogenesis briefly halted until an unnamed tropical storm formed on October 10 . The final storm of the season , Katie , dissipated on October 19 , almost a month before the official end of hurricane season on November 15 . Eight hurricanes and two tropical storms made landfall during the season and caused 1 @,@ 603 deaths and $ 1 @.@ 1 billion in damage . 
 The season 's activity was reflected with an accumulated cyclone energy ( ACE ) rating of 199 , which was above the 1950 @-@ 2000 average of 96 @.@ 1 . ACE is , broadly speaking , a measure of the power of the hurricane multiplied by the length of time it existed , so storms that last a long time , as well as particularly strong hurricanes , have high ACEs . It is only calculated for full advisories on tropical cyclones with winds exceeding 39 mph ( 63 km / h ) , which is tropical storm strength . 
 
 = = Storms = = 
 
 
 = = = Hurricane Alice ( 1954 ) = = = 
 
 On January 1 , there was already a tropical cyclone located in the central Atlantic Ocean , having developed on December 30 of the previous year . Operationally it was first observed as a hurricane on January 1 , which resulted in it being named Alice . The hurricane passed through the Leeward Islands on January 2 . Alice reached peak winds of 80 mph ( 130 km / h ) before encountering cold air and turning to the southeast . It dissipated on January 6 over the southeastern Caribbean Sea . Alice produced heavy rainfall and moderately strong winds across several islands along its path . Saba and Anguilla were affected the most , with total damage amounting to $ 623 @,@ 500 . Operationally , lack of definitive data prevented the U.S. Weather Bureau from declaring the system a hurricane until January 2 . It received the name Alice in early 1955 , though re @-@ analysis of the data supported extending its track to the previous year , resulting in two tropical cyclones of the same name in one season . It was one of only two storms to span two calendar years , along with Tropical Storm Zeta in 2005 and 2006 . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Brenda = = = 
 
 Tropical Storm Brenda developed in the north @-@ central Gulf of Mexico at 0600 UTC on July 31 . During the next 24 hours , the storm strengthened rapidly and attained its maximum sustain wind speed of 70 mph ( 110 km / h ) early on August 1 ( although it is possible it briefly reached hurricane intensity ) . Later that day , Brenda made landfall east of New Orleans , Louisiana at the same intensity . The storm steadily weakened inland and by August 2 , it was downgraded to a tropical depression . Early on August 3 , Brenda dissipated while located over eastern Texas . 
 Between Pensacola , Florida and Lake Charles , Louisiana , rainfall totals were generally about 4 inches ( 100 mm ) ; flooding , if any , was insignificant . Tropical storm force winds were reported , peaking at 50 mph ( 80 km / h ) at Shell Beach , Louisiana on the south shore of Lake Borgne . At the same location , tides between 5 and 6 feet ( 1 @.@ 5 and 1 @.@ 8 m ) above normal were measured . Four people were rescued by the United States Coast Guard after their tugboat sank in Lake Pontchartrain , while three others swam to shore . Additionally , two fatalities occurred in the vicinity of Mobile , Alabama . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Connie = = = 
 
 A tropical wave developed into a tropical depression east of Cape Verde on August 3 . After six hours , it strengthened into Tropical Storm Connie . By August 4 , Connie began to rapidly strengthen , becoming the first major hurricane of the season later that day . Initially , it posed a threat to the Lesser Antilles , although it passed about 50 miles ( 80 km ) north . The outer rainbands produced hurricane force wind gusts and intense precipitation , reaching 8 @.@ 65 inches ( 220 mm ) in Puerto Rico . In the United States Virgin Islands , three people died due to the hurricane , and a few homes were destroyed . In Puerto Rico , Connie destroyed 60 homes and caused crop damage . After affecting Puerto Rico , Connie turned to the northwest , reaching peak winds of 140 mph ( 220 km / h ) . The hurricane weakened while slowing and turning to the north , and struck North Carolina on August 12 as a Category 2 hurricane . 
 Connie produced strong winds , high tides , and heavy rainfall as it moved ashore , causing heavy crop damage and 27 deaths in the state of North Carolina . Connie made a second landfall in Virginia , and it progressed inland until dissipating on August 15 near Sault Ste . Marie , Michigan . Four people were killed in Washington , D.C. due to a traffic accident . In the Chesapeake Bay , Connie capsized a boat , killing 14 people and prompting a change in Coast Guard regulation . There were six deaths each in Pennsylvania and New Jersey , and eleven deaths in New York , where record rainfall flooded homes and subways . At least 225 @,@ 000 people lost power during the storm . Damage in the United States totaled around $ 86 million , although the rains from Connie was a prelude to flooding by Hurricane Diane . The remnants of Connie destroyed a few houses and boats in Ontario and killed three people in Ontario . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Diane = = = 
 
 A tropical wave spawned a tropical depression between the Lesser Antilles and Cape Verde on August 7 . It slowly strengthened and became Tropical Storm Diane on August 9 . After a Fujiwhara interaction with Hurricane Connie , Diane curved northward or north @-@ northeastward and quickly deepened . By early on August 8 , the storm was upgraded to a hurricane . Only several hours later , Diane peaked as a Category 2 hurricane with winds of 105 mph ( 165 km / h ) . The storm resumed its west @-@ northwestward motion on August 13 . Colder air in the region caused Diane to weaken while approaching the East Coast of the United States . A recently installed radar in North Carolina noted an eye feature , albeit poorly defined . Early on August 17 , Diane made landfall near Wilmington , North Carolina as a strong tropical storm . The storm then moved in a parabolic motion across North Carolina and the Mid @-@ Atlantic before re @-@ emerging into the Atlantic Ocean on August 19 . Diane headed east @-@ northeastward until becoming extratropical on August 20 . 
 Despite landfall in North Carolina , impact in the state was minor , limited to moderate rainfall , abnormally high tides , and relatively strong winds . Further north , catastrophic flooding occurred in Pennsylvania , New Jersey , New York , and New England . Of the 287 stream gauges in the region , 129 reported record levels after the flooding from Tropical Storm Diane . Many streams reported discharge rates that were more than twice of the previous record . Most of the flooding occurred along small river basins that rapidly rose within hours to flood stage , largely occurring in populated areas ; the region in which the floods occurred had about 30 million people , and 813 houses overall were destroyed . The floods severely damaged homes , highways , power lines , and railroads , and affected several summer camps . Overall utility damage was estimated at $ 79 million . Flooding in mountainous areas caused landslides and destroyed crop fields ; agriculture losses was estimated at $ 7 million . Hundreds of miles of roads and bridges were also destroyed , accounting for $ 82 million in damage . Overall , Diane caused $ 754 @.@ 7 million in damage , of which $ 600 million was in New England . Overall , there were at least 184 deaths . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Edith = = = 
 
 An easterly tropical wave developed into a tropical depression on August 21 in the tropical Atlantic . Moving towards the west @-@ northwest , the disturbance slowly intensified , reaching tropical storm strength at 1200 UTC on August 23 and as such was named Edith by the Weather Bureau . Afterwards , Edith began to curve towards the northwest as it gradually intensified , attaining hurricane strength on August 25 . The hurricane continued to intensify as it recurved and accelerated to the northeast , reaching its peak intensity on August 28 as a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) . At the same time , a reconnaissance aircraft reported a minimum barometric pressure of 991 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 27 inHg ) in the storm 's eye as Edith made its closest pass to Bermuda . The hurricane began to gradually weaken after it passed east of the island , before becoming extratropical on August 31 . The cyclone would later make a clockwise loop before dissipating completely late on September 3 . Although Edith remained at sea , it was suspected that the hurricane may have caused the loss of the pleasure yacht Connemara IV , after it separated from its moorings . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Five = = = 
 
 A weak disturbance was first observed near Grand Cayman on August 23 , gaining tropical storm strength by 0600 UTC that day . Moving towards the north @-@ northwest , the storm passed over western Cuba on August 24 , without much change in intensity . Once in the Gulf of Mexico , the tropical storm marginally intensified , reaching peak intensity with maximum sustained wind speeds of 45 mph ( 75 km / h ) by 1200 UTC on August 26 . Nearing the Gulf Coast of the United States , the system curved towards the west . The storm maintained its intensity up until landfall in Louisiana near New Orleans on August 27 . Moving inland , it slowly weakened while crossing the Central United States , degenerating to tropical depression strength by August 29 and later dissipating over Missouri the following day . 
 Strong waves generated by the storm caused tides 4 ft ( 1 @.@ 2 m ) above average , slightly damaging coastal resorts . Weather offices advised small craft offshore to remain in port due to the strong waves . Rough seas battered the schooner Princess Friday , but the ship was able to ride out the storm . The storm produced squalls further inland , causing heavy rains . A weather station reported a minimum pressure of 1000 mbar ( hPa ; 29 @.@ 53 inHg ) , the lowest in association with the tropical storm . Despite the strong waves and heavy rains , only minor damage was reported . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Flora = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved along the Intertropical Convergence Zone ( ITCZ ) and passed through Cape Verde between August 30 and August 31 . Although the Panair do Brasil headquarters in Recife , Brazil reported a closed circulation on August 30 , Tropical Storm Flora did not develop until 0600 UTC on September 2 , while located about 400 miles ( 640 km ) of Cape Verde . The storm strengthened at a steady pace for the following 48 hours and reached hurricane status late on September 3 . Flora headed on a parabolic track , initially moving west @-@ northwestward and then northwesterly by September 4 . It continued to intensify and by September 6 , the storm curved northward . Around time , a minimum barometric pressure of 967 mbar ( 28 @.@ 6 inHg ) was reported . However , it may have been lower , as the storm did not attain its maximum sustained wind speed of 105 mph ( 165 km / h ) until September 7 . Flora maintained this intensity while curving to the northeast , but became extratropical at 0000 UTC on September 9 , while located about midway between Flores Island in the Azores and Sable Island , Nova Scotia . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Gladys = = = 
 
 A tropical depression developed in the southern Gulf of Mexico at 1200 UTC on September 4 . Six hours later , it strengthened into Tropical Storm Gladys . The storm quickly intensified and reached hurricane status on September 5 , roughly 24 hours after developing . Around that time , Gladys peaked as a Category 1 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 75 mph ( 120 km / h ) . Later on September 5 , an offshoot of Gladys with cyclonic turning formed in the northern Gulf of Mexico and struck Texas on September 6 ; it may have been a separate tropical cyclone . Initially , Gladys headed north @-@ northwestward , but then re @-@ curved south @-@ southwestward while approaching the Gulf Coast of Mexico . Early on September 6 , it made landfall near Tampico , Tamaulipas as a weakening tropical storm . The system rapidly dissipated inland . 
 Gladys dropped up to 25 inches ( 640 mm ) in Tampico , Tamaulipas . The worst of the flooding from Gladys occurred in Mexico City . Roughly 5 @,@ 000 residents were isolated and required rescue . Police estimated that 2 @,@ 300 homes were inundated with 5 to 7 feet ( 1 @.@ 5 to 2 @.@ 1 m ) of water . About 30 @,@ 000 families were impacted by the storm . Two children drowned and five additional people were listed as missing . In Texas , the highest sustained wind speed was 45 mph ( 75 km / h ) in the Corpus Christi – Port O 'Connor area , with gusts between 55 and 65 mph ( 89 and 105 km / h ) offshore . Precipitation peaked at 17 @.@ 02 inches ( 432 mm ) in Flour Bluff , a neighborhood of Corpus Christi . Flooding in the area forced " scores " of people to evacuate their homes . Damage estimates reached $ 500 @,@ 000 . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Ione = = = 
 
 A tropical wave developed into a tropical depression early on September 10 , while located about midway between Cape Verde and the Lesser Antilles . After six hours , the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Ione . Eventually , it turned to the northwest . At 0000 UTC on September 15 , Ione reached hurricane intensity , while situated north of the Leeward Islands . Ione continued to deep while moving northwest . The storm reached Category 4 intensity with maximum sustained winds of 140 mph ( 220 km / h ) and a minimum barometric pressure of 938 mbar ( 27 @.@ 7 inHg ) early on September 18 . Around midday on the following day , it made landfall near Wilmington , North Carolina as a Category 2 hurricane . Shortly after moving inland over eastern North Carolina , Ione weakened to a tropical storm . Late on September 19 , Ione re @-@ emerged into the Atlantic near Norfolk , Virginia . The storm quickly re @-@ strengthened early on September 20 , but transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on September 21 . 
 Strong winds , heavy rainfall , and abnormally high tides lashed some areas along the East Coast of the United States , especially North Carolina . In Cherry Point , sustained winds reached 75 mph ( 121 km / h ) , with gusts up to 107 mph ( 172 km / h ) . Overall , damage was slightly more than $ 88 million , mostly to crops and agriculture . Rainfall in the state peaked at 16 @.@ 63 inches ( 422 mm ) in Maysville . Storm surge in North Carolina peaked at 5 @.@ 3 feet ( 1 @.@ 6 m ) in Wrightsville Beach . As a result , several coastal roadways were flooded , including a portion of Highway 94 and Route 264 . Seven deaths were reported in North Carolina . The remnants of Ione brought gusty winds to Atlantic Canada , which broken poles , uprooted trees , interrupted telephone service , damaged chimneys and caused power outages , especially in St. John 's , Newfoundland and Labrador . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Hilda = = = 
 
 A tropical wave located near the Lesser Antilles spawned a tropical depression on September 12 . It is estimated that the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Hilda early on the following day . Hilda quickly intensified while moving westward into a small hurricane by September 12 . Although the storm passed just north of Hispaniola on September 13 , damage is unknown , if any . Later that day , Hilda made landfall near the southeastern tip of Cuba on September 13 . There , it dropped heavy rainfall and produced gusty winds that destroyed 80 % of the coffee crop in Oriente Province . In the eastern Cuban city of Baracoa , Hilda severely damaged the oldest church in the country . Damage totaled $ 2 million in Cuba , and there were four deaths . 
 Later , the hurricane moved across the Caribbean Sea , causing light damage in the sparsely @-@ populated region of the eastern Yucatán Peninsula . After reaching the Gulf of Mexico , Hilda strengthened to reach peak winds of 120 mph ( 195 km / h ) late on September 18 . Before the hurricane moved ashore , there was residual flooding in Tampico from earlier Hurricane Gladys . Hilda struck the city early on September 19 , with gusts estimated at 150 mph ( 240 km / h ) . The storm dropped heavy rainfall that flooded 90 % of Tampico , while its strong winds damaged half of the homes , leaving 15 @,@ 000 homeless . Throughout Mexico , 11 @,@ 432 people were directly affected by Hilda . Overall , the storm killed 300 people and caused over $ 120 million . Additionally , the outerbands of Hilda caused minor flooding in southern Texas , particularly in Raymondville . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Janet = = = 
 
 Hurricane Janet was the most powerful tropical cyclone of the season and one of the strongest Atlantic hurricanes on record . The hurricane formed from a tropical wave east of the Lesser Antilles on September 21 . Moving toward the west across the Caribbean Sea , Janet fluctuated in intensity , but generally strengthened before reaching its peak intensity as a Category 5 hurricane on the Saffir – Simpson hurricane scale with winds of 175 mph ( 280 km / h ) . The intense hurricane made landfall at that intensity near Chetumal , Mexico on September 28 . Janet 's landfall as a Category 5 hurricane on the Yucatán Peninsula marked the first recorded instance that a storm of such intensity in the Atlantic basin made on a continental mainland , with all previous storms making landfall as Category 5 hurricanes on islands . After weakening over the Yucatán Peninsula , it moved into the Bay of Campeche , where it slightly strengthened before making its final landfall near Veracruz on September 29 . Janet quickly weakened over Mexico 's mountainous terrain before dissipating on September 30 . 
 In its developmental stages near the Lesser Antilles , Janet caused significant damage to the island chain , resulting in 189 deaths and $ 7 @.@ 8 million in damages in the Grenadines and Barbados . While Janet was in the central Caribbean Sea , a reconnaissance aircraft flew into the storm and was lost , with all eleven crew members believed perished . This was the only such loss which has occurred in association with an Atlantic hurricane . A Category 5 upon landfall on the Yucatán Peninsula , Janet caused severe devastation in areas on Quintana Roo and British Honduras . Only five buildings in Chetumal , Mexico remained intact after the storm . An estimated 500 deaths occurred in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo . At Janet 's second landfall near Veracruz , significant river flooding ensued , worsening effects caused by Hurricanes Gladys and Hilda earlier in the month . The floods left thousands of people stranded and killed at least 326 people in the Tampico area . The flood damage would lead to the largest Mexican relief operation ever executed by the United States . At least 1 @,@ 023 deaths were attributed to Hurricane Janet , as well as $ 65 @.@ 8 million in damages . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Eleven = = = 
 
 A tropical wave moved off the coast of Africa on September 18 and continued west @-@ northwestward . It is possible that the system developed into a tropical depression the next day , although lack of data prevented such classification until September 23 , when a nearby ship reported winds of 35 mph ( 55 km / h ) . An approaching cold front turned the system to the north on September 24 . The structure gradually became better organized , and after turning to the northeast on September 26 , the depression intensified into a tropical storm . This was based on a ship report of 45 mph ( 75 km / h ) winds , which was also estimated as the system 's peak intensity . On September 27 , the system became extratropical and accelerated its forward motion , dissipating within a larger extratropical storm south of Iceland on the next day . 
 
 = = = Tropical Storm Twelve = = = 
 
 A tropical wave was reported to have passed through Cape Verde on October 4 . The system slowly developed a vertex as it curved in a generally northward direction . By early on October 10 , two ships reported that a tropical depression formed almost halfway between the Azores and the Leeward Islands . After six hours , the depression strengthened into a tropical storm . While re @-@ curving to the northeast , the storm attained its maximum sustained winds of 65 mph ( 100 km / h ) ; the lowest atmospheric pressure recorded in relation to the storm was 1 @,@ 000 mbar ( 30 inHg ) , but the time of measurement is unknown . Although no significant weakening occurred , it eventually merged with an extratropical cyclone on October 14 , while still well southwest of the Azores . During its extratropical stage , a ship in the area reported an atmospheric pressure as low as 979 mbar ( 28 @.@ 9 inHg ) . 
 
 = = = Hurricane Katie = = = 
 
 A disturbance in the ITCZ developed into a tropical depression north of Panama on October 14 . Early on the following day , the depression strengthened into Tropical Storm Katie . The system moved generally northeast due to the presence of a strong low pressure area along the East Coast of the United States . Later that day , Hurricane Hunters observed a rapidly intensifying hurricane , encountering winds of 110 mph ( 175 km / h ) and a pressure of 984 mbar ( 29 @.@ 1 inHg ) several hours before the peak intensity . Early on October 17 , Katie made landfall in extreme eastern Sud @-@ Est Department , Haiti as a strong Category 2 hurricane ( although it may have been stronger ) . About half of homes in the town of Anse @-@ à @-@ Pitres were destroyed . Across the border in Pedernales , Dominican Republic , 68 houses were damaged . Overall losses were at least $ 200 @,@ 000 and 7 fatalities were reported . 
 While crossing the mountainous terrain of Hispaniola , Katie became very disorganized and rapidly weakened to a tropical storm early on October 17 , within a few hours after moving inland . Later that day , the storm emerged into the Atlantic Ocean just east of Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic . Katie began accelerating to the northeast on October 18 . During that time , the storm re @-@ intensified and briefly approached hurricane intensity , although it failed to strengthen further due to interaction with a cold front . After passing just east of Bermuda on October 19 , the storm transitioned into an extratropical cyclone . The remnants of Katie were last observed the following day . 
 
 = = Storm names = = 
 
 The following names were used for tropical cyclones that reached at least tropical storm intensity in the North Atlantic in 1955 . However , two of such storms went unnamed . Connie , Diane , Ione , and Janet would later be retired . The 1955 season was tied with the 1995 and 2004 for the most storm names retired after a single season , until five names were retired in 2005 . Storms were named Brenda , Connie , Diane , Edith , Flora , Gladys , Hilda , Ione , Janet and Katie for the first time . Names not assigned are marked in gray . 
 
 
 = NoitulovE = 
 
 noitulovE ( " Evolution " backwards ) is a British television and cinema advertisement launched by Diageo in 2005 to promote Guinness Draught stout . The 60 @-@ second piece formed the cornerstone of a £ 15 million advertising campaign targeting men in their late twenties and early thirties . The commercial shows , in reverse , the adventures of three characters who evolve from mudskippers to present day humans before tasting Guinness in a London pub . The commercial was handled by the advertising agency Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO , with a budget of £ 1.3M. It was directed by Daniel Kleinman . Production was contracted to Kleinman Productions , with post @-@ production by Framestore CFC . It premiered on British television on 3 October 2005 . 
 noitulovE is the fifth television / cinema piece in the Good things come to those who wait series , and its premiere marked the end of a four @-@ year hiatus . The advert and its associated campaign were a critical and financial success . It received over 30 awards from professional organisations in the advertising and television industries , and was the most @-@ awarded commercial worldwide in 2006 . The impact of the campaign was such that during a period in which the UK beer market experienced a substantial decline in revenue , Guinness reported that its year @-@ on @-@ year earnings within the region had noticeably increased . At the same time , Guinness achieved its highest @-@ ever volume and value shares and became the market leader within the region . This was attributed in no small part to the positive reception of noitulovE . 
 
 = = Sequence = = 
 
 The piece begins with three patrons taking their first sip of Guinness in a London pub . To the accompaniment of Sammy Davis , Jr . ' s rendition of " The Rhythm of Life " from the 1969 film version of the 1966 Broadway musical Sweet Charity , a reverse @-@ motion sequence begins . The three men retreat from the bar and into the street , other patrons disappearing as they pass . As they move down the street , a reverse time @-@ lapse @-@ style sequence transforms their clothes to match a rapidly changing urban scene , which progresses through modern @-@ day London to the Edwardian period . Electric lights transform into gas lamps and buildings begin to disappear frame by frame . A short cutaway sequence shows the city regressing into the past , shrinking to a small Saxon settlement before disappearing entirely . Returning to the main sequence , the three men 's clothes and hairstyles are adjusted into Bronze Age equivalents as they pass through thickening woodland . A close @-@ up of one of the characters shows his features quickly transformed into those of a caveman . The trio are then frozen in an ice age glacier . 
 The three re @-@ emerge from the glacier as primitive hominids , their clothes ripped away to reveal loincloths . They continue to walk backwards with a more simian gait , and soon turn into chimpanzees . From there , they are transformed into a number of different species in quick succession , including flying squirrels , furry mammals , aquatic mammals , fish , flightless birds , small dinosaurs , and burrowing lizard @-@ like creatures . The environment around them changes rapidly as they travel , with cutaways showing millions of years of geological changes occurring in less than a few seconds . Finally , the three become mudskippers around a green @-@ brown puddle . The action briefly moves forward again to show the middle character registering his disgust at the taste of the water with a " Pweugh ! " sound . The commercial ends with a transition to a product shot of three pints of Guinness accompanied by the strapline " Good things come to those who wait " . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 Abbott Mead Vickers BBDO won the account for Guinness in 1996 with a campaign built on their new strapline " Good things come to those who wait " . They produced several commercials using variations on the theme , including Swimblack , Bet on Black , and the critically acclaimed Surfer , voted the " Best Advert of All Time " by the British public in 2002 . After the 2001 Dreamer advertisements , Diageo , the corporate owners of Guinness , decided to pursue a more pan @-@ European marketing strategy . The strapline proved difficult to translate , and was abandoned . Several new straplines were tried out over the next three years , including " Believe " ( Free and Tom Crean ) and " A story of darkness and light " ( Moth and Mustang ) . 
 The new marketing strategy did not prove particularly successful , and in 2004 Diageo returned to regional advertising . AMV BBDO were presented with the choice of coming up with either a new theme to appeal to the 18 – 35 British male demographic or a new angle on the tried and tested Good things ... concept . A number of ideas were put forward , including " The Longest Wait " . From this concept , noitulovE was quickly plotted out : the advert would show three individuals waiting 500 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 years before finally taking their first sip of Guinness , the timeline compressed into a 50 @-@ second clip . The decision to run the " Evolution sequence " in reverse was taken fairly early , as it was felt that it would better hold viewers ' interest during a 60 @-@ second television spot . 
 
 = = = Pre @-@ production = = = 
 
 The project had not yet been greenlit when the agency approached Daniel Kleinman , known for his work on James Bond title sequences , with the intention of taking him on as a director . After looking over the concept pitch and a rough draft of the script , Kleinman 's immediate impressions were that the idea was " fresh " , " an opportunity to try out some new techniques " , and that it would " put Guinness back on track , doing a big ' wow ' idea " . 
 Kleinman contacted a pair of Canadian graphic novel artists to begin the storyboarding process . Storyboarding the commercial meant that the agency could determine how much of the £ 1.3M budget to allocate to each section , and provided them with visuals to use as part of the presentation to Diageo when pitching the various concepts for a decision on which to pursue . The effort paid off and approval was given to move ahead with production . 
 
 = = = Production = = = 
 
 Production of the commercial took place over two months , with principal photography shot in Iceland . Time @-@ lapse photographs were taken of the country 's mudpots , volcanic terrain and frozen lakes using 35 mm film cameras . The shooting was done in the early summer for the nearly continuous daylight that the season afforded them . The next pieces of the commercial to be assembled were the live @-@ action segments , shot in a greenscreen studio in London . Filming was done in three stages , with the three actors changing into different sets of prosthetic makeup at each stage . For the final section the actors spent a week practising the choreography behind walking backwards with an appropriately simian gait . Wires were attached to the back of each actor , allowing them to lean forwards to give the impression that they were being " sucked back in time " when the final cut was put together . While filming the actor sequences , VFX supervisor William Bartlett filmed the aerial view of London from Tower 42 's Vertigo bar . 
 With computer @-@ generated imagery looking to make up so much of the commercial , Kleinman attempted to use film of real elements wherever possible . To this end , 200 mudskippers were brought to the studio from South Africa for the final scene , arriving via Singapore . An entire afternoon was set aside for filming the mudskipper sequence . The footage obtained formed the major part of the final cut of the scene , with only one or two post @-@ production changes : the addition of tail fins and animation of the expression of disgust that closes the piece . Stop motion footage of other real elements was taken , including a stage @-@ by @-@ stage blowtorching of plants , used to show flora coming back to life in the reverse sequence , and shots of baking bread , used to model the geological changes to background rock formations . Additional real elements were to have been incorporated into the commercial , mostly from stock footage of several animal species , but only short segments of apes and lizards appeared in the final cut . 
 
 = = = Post @-@ production = = = 
 
 Post @-@ production work was handled mostly by Framestore CFC , who had worked on previous Guinness campaigns Surfer and Dreamer , and had worked with Daniel Kleinman on a number of outside projects , including several commercials and James Bond title sequences . The project was overseen by William Bartlett , known for his visual effects work on the BBC television documentary Walking with Dinosaurs . The original schedule allowed for three and a half months in post @-@ production , with airing of the commercial to follow almost immediately . 
 The 24 @-@ man animation team was split into two groups . Half were assigned to the creation of the 15 new CGI creatures populating noitulovE ( in Maya ) , while the other half created the backgrounds ( in Houdini ) . Compositing work – combining the greenscreen shots with stock footage and CGI elements – was performed in Flame and Inferno . As the final commercial was to be shown on cinema screens , the animators worked at a resolution higher than that afforded by the 576i definition used by British PAL @-@ encoded television sets , to improve the appearance of the advert when projected . 
 Near the end of post @-@ production , the creative team decided that the music chosen to accompany the advert , an electronic track by Groove Armada , was not working particularly well . Peter Raeburn , who had chosen the track used in Surfer ( Leftfield 's " Phat Planet " ) , was brought on as music director . Raeburn suggested three pieces , with " Rhythm of Life " ultimately presented to Guinness as an alternative and approved as a replacement . 
 
 = = Release and reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Schedule = = = 
 
 noitulovE was originally to have begun its run in September 2005 , but the airdate was pushed back several weeks as post @-@ production took longer than anticipated . As had been the case with several earlier campaigns , the commercial was to air in several bursts , throughout 2005 and 2006 . Spots were purchased in the commercial breaks of sports broadcasts , high @-@ budget television dramas and shows whose primary audience overlapped with the campaign 's target demographic of British males in the 24 – 35 age range . The first burst was commissioned to run from 3 October to 13 November 2005 , during programming such as the UEFA Champions League , Lost , Vincent , Ant and Dec 's Saturday Night Takeaway and terrestrial television screenings of Austin Powers : Goldmember . 
 The second burst lasted through December . The focus moved to multichannel television , with appearances in live televised football matches , films , and popular programming such as I 'm a Celebrity , Get Me Out of Here ! . Two further bursts were commissioned for 2006 , to run from 15 May to 9 June and 22 August to 8 October . Programmes selected for the May – June burst included Celebrity X Factor , Big Brother and live football and cricket matches . The final series of spots ran during programming totalling 56 ratings points per week ( 56 % of British television viewers ) , with much of the budget assigned to multichannel television . 
 
 = = = Awards = = = 
 
 noitulovE was well received by critics within the advertising and television industries , and was predicted to win the 2006 Cannes Lions Film Grand Prix , one of the advertising industry 's highest awards . Advertising Age said of the piece : " A flawless DGI production to an irresistible piece of music propelling a brilliant , astonishingly witty new iteration of a longstanding , unique positioning . This isn 't just great advertising ; it is perfect advertising . " Gastón Bigio , Executive Creative Director for Del Campo Nazca Saatchi & Saatchi remarked on the campaign in the run @-@ up to the festival , saying " noitulovE is , in my opinion , the best . [ ... ] This execution is absolutely incredible , as is the production . " The main competition for the prize was thought to be the Australian Big Ad for Carlton draught beer , and the British Balls , for Sony 's BRAVIA line of high definition television sets . After the three received Gold Lions in the Film category , they were shortlisted by the judges as contenders for the Grand Prix . Ultimately , the honour went to noitulovE . After the decision , David Droga , president of the jury which determined the outcome , said " It 's a very very strong ad . A lot of the jurors felt that it was not only a stand @-@ alone , remarkable ad , but also a triumphant return for a fabulous campaign . " The victory placed director Daniel Kleinman at Number 29 in The Independent 's list of the Top 50 Newsmakers of 2006 . 
 The 2006 edition of the Gunn Report , an authoritative annual publication determining the advertising industry 's most critically successful campaigns , revealed that noitulovE had received more awards that year than any other campaign worldwide . Among the awards were three Clios , two Golden Sharks , and the Special Jury Prize at the Imagina Awards . 
 The ad was also a hit with the public . It has been credited by Guinness as being responsible for the substantial boost in sales experienced by the brand during the period in which it was broadcast . While revenues within the UK beer market declined by an average of − 0 @.@ 4 % ( − £ 19M ) , the year @-@ on @-@ year figures for Guinness showed an increase of 3 @.@ 6 % ( + £ 13.3M ) . Between October 2005 and October 2006 , Guinness achieved its highest ever volume ( 6 @.@ 8 % ) and value ( 7 @.@ 4 % ) shares , taking the position of market leader from Stella Artois . Diageo attributed the growth in no small part to the positive reception garnered by noitulovE . 
 
 = = = Legacy = = = 
 
 As one of the most recognisable British television advertisements of 2006 , noitulovE was one of two commercials ( the other being Sony 's Balls ) to feature in a £ 200M campaign launched by Digital UK to raise awareness of the imminent switchover within the UK from analogue to digital television . New versions of the two adverts were produced , showing the first few seconds of the original spot before being interrupted by " Digit Al " , an animated spokesman for the campaign . 
 In 2004 , Guinness launched a retrospective television advertising campaign promoting Guinness Extra Cold stout , featuring new ten @-@ second versions of commercials broadcast between 1984 and 2004 . These included Mars ( with Rutger Hauer reprising his role as the " Pure Genius " ) , Anticipation , Fish Bicycle , Surfer , and Bet on Black. noitulovE joined the campaign in 2006 , and was the only piece to receive more than one new version . In the first of these , the patrons are encased only seconds after taking their first sip of Guinness in a glacier identical to the one which appeared half @-@ way through the original spot . In the second , the sea through which the three fish bound backwards in the original spot is frozen while the trio are in mid @-@ leap , leaving the characters skidding across the surface . In the final version , the primeval pool at the end of the original spot freezes while the mudskippers are taking their drink , and the protagonists ' tongues are left stuck in the ice . 
 When noitulovE was first proposed , it was the only pitch revisiting the Good things come to those who wait campaign , as , according to copywriter Ian Heartfield , both AMV BBDO and Diageo " didn 't think [ they ] could do something good enough to warrant following on from Surfer and the like . " However , following the success of noitulovE , three additional commercials have been aired within the Good Things ... campaign : Fridge , Hands , and Tipping Point ( Guinness ' most expensive advertising campaign to date ) . 
 
 
 = Stuart McCall = 
 
 Andrew Stuart Murray McCall ( born 10 June 1964 ) , usually known as Stuart McCall , is a football manager and former player who is the current manager of Bradford City . He made a total of 763 league games and in 40 full international matches for Scotland during his playing career . 
 McCall started his professional career with Bradford City , where he made his senior debut in 1982 . He played six seasons at Valley Parade , during which time he won the Division Three championship , a title which was overshadowed by the Bradford City stadium fire when 56 people died and in which his father Andy was injured . After missing out on promotion in 1987 – 88 , McCall moved to Everton , for whom he scored twice but finished on the losing side in the 1989 FA Cup Final . In 1991 , he moved to Rangers , with whom he spent seven seasons and won six league titles , three Scottish Cups and two Scottish League Cups . McCall returned to Bradford City as captain to take them into the top division of English football for the first time in 77 years . After four seasons he moved to Sheffield United , where he retired as a player in 2005 . 
 Born and raised in England , McCall qualified to play for Scotland through his Scottish father . He won 40 international caps and scored one goal in the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy . He also played in two European Championships but his international career ended after he was left out of the 1998 World Cup squad . 
 McCall was part of the coaching staff during his second spell at Bradford City , briefly serving as caretaker @-@ player manager in 2000 . He continued his coaching at Sheffield United and was assistant manager to Neil Warnock until May 2007 , when he returned to Bradford City for a third time , this time as manager . He spent two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half seasons in charge of Bradford City , leaving in February 2010 . Just before the end of 2010 , he was appointed Motherwell manager . He stayed at Fir Park for four years , helping the club finish second in the league twice . After a poor start to the 2014 – 15 season , he resigned in November 2014 . McCall was appointed manager of Rangers in March 2015 , but left the club at the end of a short @-@ term contract . 
 
 = = Early and personal life = = 
 
 Stuart McCall was born on 10 June 1964 in Leeds , England , to Scottish parents Andy , a former professional footballer , and Jean McCall . He was the couple 's third child after Leslie and Janette , who were 20 and 15 respectively when Stuart was born . The family home was just round the corner from Leeds United 's Elland Road ground where McCall would spend many Saturday afternoons watching United , dreaming of following his father and playing for Leeds , even after the family moved to Wortley . 
 McCall played football for Upper Wortley Primary School and Thornhill Middle School , even scoring a winning goal for the latter in a cup final when he came on as a substitute with his arm in a sling . McCall also played table tennis as a schoolboy but excelled at football , captaining the Leeds under @-@ 11 boys team and playing for other Leeds representative sides . McCall 's parents split and he made up for his size when he moved to one of Leeds ' toughest estates and played for pub sides by the age of 14 . He moved schools to Harrington High and also played for local young sides Pudsey Juniors , Holbeck and later Farsley Celtic . McCall thought he had missed his chance of playing professionally after a string of other players were signed by professional clubs , until Farsley played Bradford City 's junior side in a friendly and he impressed coach Bryan Edwards enough to be asked for a trial . 
 
 = = Playing career = = 
 
 
 = = = Club career = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Bradford City = = = = 
 
 McCall came through City 's youth system after he was signed by George Mulhall in 1980 from Farsley Celtic at the age of 16 , before becoming an apprentice in June 1981 . Mulhall 's successor , Roy McFarland gave McCall his debut at Reading on 28 August 1982 – the opening day of the 1982 – 83 season – when he deputised for Ces Podd at right back . He had played just six league games by 29 January 1983 when he made the first of 134 consecutive league appearances , all in midfield under new manager Trevor Cherry . City finished 12th in Division Three that season . The following season City struggled to make up for the absence of Bobby Campbell , who had left to join Derby County , and won just one of their first fifteen games , until Cherry bought Campbell back from Derby , and City won a record ten consecutive games on their way to a seventh place finish . 
 During the summer of 1984 , Cherry made the two key signings of central defender Dave Evans and right winger John Hendrie to build on the previous season 's high finish . McCall was an integral part of the team as City won the Division Three championship in 1984 – 85 , during which he scored eight goals as one of two ever @-@ present players . The title was assured in the penultimate game when McCall scored the second goal in a 2 – 0 victory over Bolton Wanderers . The league title was paraded before the final game of the season on 11 May 1985 at home to Lincoln City . However , the club 's title was overshadowed when 56 people died in the Bradford City stadium fire when the Valley Parade ground 's main stand caught fire after 40 minutes of play , during which McCall 's father , who was with other family members , was badly injured . After the fire , McCall , still in his kit , spent several hours driving from the ground to his sister 's house , then to Bradford Royal Infirmary and Pinderfields Hospital trying to find his father . His father had suffered severe burns and needed skin grafts on his hands and head and was in hospital for several weeks . 
 For the following 19 months , the club played games away from Valley Parade . Cherry and the players became a close @-@ knit team , attending funerals of the victims and other engagements in the months that followed , and the club 's 13th place finish in Division Two in 1985 – 86 was hailed a major achievement . During Bradford 's time away from Valley Parade , McCall also turned his back on Leeds United , the team he had supported as a child , after their fans set fire to a chip van at Odsal Stadium . McCall became club captain in November 1986 , aged just 21 , after Peter Jackson moved to Newcastle United . Under Cherry 's replacement , Terry Dolan , the club held off any relegation threats to finish tenth in 1986 – 87 . Like Jackson , McCall and Hendrie were both keen to move to a Division One club , but they agreed in 1987 to stay for one final season . 
 Dolan brought in Paul Tomlinson , Brian Mitchell and Lee Sinnott in a bid to help McCall and Hendrie realise their dreams with City . They mounted a promotion challenge in 1987 – 88 and were top for much of the season until they faltered in the New Year . When promotion was missed initially by one point on the last day of the season after a 3 – 2 defeat against Ipswich Town and then through play @-@ off defeat to Middlesbrough , McCall left the club , signing for Everton for £ 850 @,@ 000 in June 1988 . He had played 238 league games for the club , scoring 37 goals , and in total played 285 games , scoring 46 goals . McCall was later outspoken in his autobiography , The Real McCall , about City 's failure to strengthen the side to secure promotion . 
 His departure was soured when he was forced to go to the Football League with a Professional Footballers ' Association representative to win £ 8 @,@ 327 @.@ 15 of an unpaid signing @-@ on fee . 
 
 = = = = Everton = = = = 
 
 McCall joined Everton at a time when its former triumphant side of the mid @-@ 1980s had broken up , following the ban on English sides competing in Europe , which marked the start of a period of underachievement at Goodison Park . His Everton debut came in a 4 – 0 victory over Newcastle United on 27 August 1988 against his former teammate Hendrie , who was making his debut for Newcastle . McCall also returned to Valley Parade for a League Cup tie , but his Everton side were knocked out by Bradford 3 – 1 on 14 December 1988 . He started 29 league games in 1988 – 89 as well as another four substitute appearances , but failed to score in the league . He was also a substitute in the 1989 FA Cup Final when he scored Everton 's equaliser in the Merseyside derby against Liverpool to take the game into extra @-@ time . He scored another equaliser during extra @-@ time , but Liverpool 's own substitute Ian Rush also scored two to secure a 3 – 2 victory for Liverpool . 
 McCall made a second appearance in an Everton shirt at Valley Parade , when he was invited by former teammate Mark Ellis to bring a side for his testimonial . In three seasons at Everton , McCall played 103 league games as well as earned his first caps with Scotland but he failed to lift any trophies as the club finished eighth , sixth and ninth in the league . Apart from the FA Cup final defeat in 1989 , the closest he came to winning a trophy at Everton was in the 1989 – 90 season , when Everton topped the league in late autumn and remained in contention for the title for the most the rest of the season until disappointing form in the run @-@ in saw them finish sixth . 
 
 = = = = Rangers = = = = 
 
 In the summer of 1991 , McCall signed for Scottish club Rangers for £ 1 @.@ 2 million . Rangers had just won their third successive Scottish Premier Division title . Under newly appointed manager Walter Smith , McCall ended up playing in the final six of the club 's nine successive Scottish league titles . In his first season at Ibrox , Rangers won the league and cup double , before they achieved greater success in 1992 – 93 , winning both cups 2 – 1 against Aberdeen and coming nine points ahead of Aberdeen in the league . McCall also enjoyed European success that season when the Glasgow club narrowly missed out on an appearance in the UEFA Champions League 1992 – 93 final , coming second in the semi @-@ final group stage to eventual winners Olympique de Marseille . Citing the reason for their success as the spirit which Smith instilled in the team , McCall later said : " It was an incredible season . We won the domestic Treble , we went 44 games unbeaten and we did not lose a single game in Europe . And , though we said we would do it again next year , we all knew it was unrepeatable . " In 1993 – 94 , Rangers added another Scottish League Cup title along with the league championship , but lost 1 – 0 in the final of the Scottish Cup to Dundee United , surprisingly being denied a second successive treble . The following season saw Rangers win the league by their greatest margin as they finished 15 points ahead of Motherwell , but they failed to reach the final of either of the domestic cups . Although their winning margin was reduced to four points , from city rivals Celtic , in 1995 – 96 , Rangers ' points tally of 87 was a record @-@ high total . McCall played in his fourth Scottish Cup final as Rangers defeated Hearts 5 – 1 . His Rangers side again pushed Celtic into second place in 1996 – 97 and defeated Hearts 4 – 3 in the Scottish League Cup . But with the club chasing an unprecedented 10th straight title in 1997 – 98 they had to settle for the runners @-@ up position , with Celtic winning the league by two points on the final day of the season . McCall was substituted in the Scottish Cup final defeat to Hearts as Rangers went the season without picking up a single title for the first season in McCall 's time at the club . In February 2008 , McCall became the 71st inductee into the Rangers hall of fame . McCall 's former teammate and Rangers assistant manager Ally McCoist presented him with the award . 
 
 = = = = Back to Bradford City = = = = 
 
 McCall still had one year left on his Rangers contract in 1998 , but much of the team that Walter Smith had built had left and McCall was allowed to leave on a free transfer by new manager Dick Advocaat , as long as he joined an English club . Barnsley and Huddersfield Town were both interested in signing McCall , but he rejoined Bradford City as club captain . Rookie manager Paul Jewell put together a squad which emerged as surprise promotion contenders after two seasons spent battling relegation , adding other new signings , including central midfield partner Gareth Whalley and striker Lee Mills , who went on to be club 's top goal @-@ scorer . The season started off slowly with just one win from the first seven games , but by the latter half of the season , City were vying with Ipswich Town and Birmingham City for the second promotion spot behind runaway leaders Sunderland . Loan signing Lee Sharpe and Dean Windass were added to the ranks and City had the chance to seal promotion in their penultimate game against relegation @-@ threatened Oxford United . The game finished as a 0 – 0 draw , with McCall heading over the goal in the final minutes , taking the promotion bid to the final game of the season . Days later he was named the club 's player of the year . A 3 – 2 victory over Wolverhampton Wanderers at Molineux on 9 May 1999 ensured promotion to the Premier League and denied Ipswich Town – the team that had thwarted McCall and Bradford 11 years before . 
 Bradford were expected to struggle in their first season in the top flight for 77 years . Jewell signed David Wetherall , Dean Saunders and Neil Redfearn , all experienced top flight performers , but City were in the bottom four teams for most of the season . It was Bradford 's home form – they earned 26 of their 36 points at Valley Parade – that was key to City avoiding relegation , which was narrowly averted by two points after a shock 1 – 0 final day victory over Liverpool in 1999 – 2000 , sending Wimbledon down instead . When Jewell left only days after the season ended , McCall was appointed assistant manager to Chris Hutchings , and subsequently served as caretaker manager for two games when Hutchings was sacked after just 12 games of the 2000 – 01 league season . City were relegated with just 26 points . During a 6 – 1 defeat to West Yorkshire rivals Leeds United in the penultimate game , McCall and team @-@ mate Andy Myers fought on the pitch . 
 McCall stayed on for one more season before he was released by manager Nicky Law in May 2002 , shortly before the club went into administration for the first time after finishing 15th in Division One . His playing career at Bradford City had looked uncertain in December 2001 before Law arrived , when previous manager Jim Jefferies had left McCall out of the side in a 3 – 1 defeat at Manchester City following a training ground dispute . However , it was Jefferies who lost out in the dispute when he resigned his post a week later after summit talks with chairman Geoffrey Richmond . In April 2002 , McCall 's testimonial match against Rangers attracted a crowd of more than 21 @,@ 000 to Valley Parade . McCall gave part of the proceeds from his testimonial to the Bradford burns research unit , which was set up following the 1985 fire . Two years after his benefit match , McCall played one more time in City colours in a Save Our City appeal match organised by Bradford 's evening newspaper , the Telegraph & Argus , to raise funds for the club , who were now in administration for a second time . 
 
 = = = = Sheffield United = = = = 
 
 On 2 July 2002 McCall joined Sheffield United , where he played an integral part in their first @-@ team side , despite being 38 , and also coached the reserves to the league title . He played 71 league games over the next two seasons , and scored twice , including a winner against former side Bradford . He was in the side that reached the Division One play @-@ off final in 2003 as well as the semi @-@ finals of both cup competitions that year . However he and Dean Windass , who was also now at Sheffield United , were both left out of the play @-@ off final , as United lost 3 – 0 to Wolverhampton Wanderers . McCall played just two League Cup games in the 2004 – 05 season , and retired just a few weeks before his 41st birthday . His career total of 763 league games placed him in 13th position on the all @-@ time appearance list of British footballers . 
 
 = = = International career = = = 
 
 McCall was picked for England and Scotland under @-@ 21 sides on the same day in 1984 , and chose to play for England in a game against Turkey . However , he was only picked as a substitute and the referee blew the final whistle with McCall waiting to come on . He later told Scottish newspaper Glasgow Herald , " I felt it was a mistake almost from the start . I was put on the bench and they tried to bring me on with a minute to go . But I took my time re @-@ tying my boots and generally warming up and luckily didn 't get on , otherwise that would have been that . " As a result , McCall was still eligible for both England and Scotland , and he eventually switched allegiances to the latter , for whom he qualified through his father . He made his Scotland debut at under @-@ 21 level in March 1988 , ironically against England . McCall made one more appearance for Scotland under 21s , against France in 1990 . 
 Later the same year , McCall was called up to the Scottish senior team . He won his first cap on 28 March 1990 in a 1 – 0 friendly victory over Argentina . He played in five friendlies in 1990 which earned him a call up to the Italia 90 World Cup squad . He played in all three of Scotland 's World Cup games . They lost their first game 1 – 0 to Costa Rica , before McCall scored what would be his only international goal against Sweden in a 2 – 1 victory . However , Scotland failed to qualify for the knock @-@ out stage when they were defeated 1 – 0 by Brazil . 
 McCall represented Scotland at the European Championships in 1992 , when they again failed to go beyond the group stage after defeats to Netherlands and Germany , and in 1996 when they were edged out in the first round by Netherlands . Scotland failed to qualify for the World Cup in 1994 . McCall played just two qualifying games for the 1998 World Cup and his last cap came in a friendly against Denmark on 25 March 1998 , as he was overlooked for the final squad for the finals in France along with team @-@ mate Ally McCoist . He was capped a total of 40 times for Scotland , scoring one goal . McCall 's caps included 11 while at Everton and 29 during his career with Rangers . 
 
 = = Coaching and management career = = 
 
 
 = = = Early coaching career = = = 
 
 In July 2000 , McCall accepted his first coaching role , when he was appointed assistant manager to Chris Hutchings at Bradford City , after Hutchings was promoted from the role to replace Paul Jewell as City manager . Just four months later , Hutchings was sacked , and McCall was appointed as caretaker – player manager . His first game in the role was against his former team Everton , who were led by his former manager Walter Smith , but ended with a 1 – 0 defeat . He was in charge for one more game , which also ended in defeat , until Jim Jefferies was appointed the new manager . Jefferies brought with him his own assistant Billy Brown , and McCall was appointed first @-@ team coach . 
 After leaving Bradford City , he joined Sheffield United , where he also took up a coaching role . When he retired in 2004 , he remained at Sheffield United as assistant to Neil Warnock . Working alongside Warnock and learning the managerial ropes from him , he helped mastermind Sheffield 's promotion to the Premier League in 2006 . United were relegated to the Championship on the final day of the 2006 – 07 season and Warnock resigned three days later . McCall had already decided that the 2006 – 07 season would be his last as assistant manager , and when he was overlooked as a successor to the United manager 's position , in favour of Bryan Robson , he decided to leave after five years with the club . 
 
 = = = Bradford City = = = 
 
 McCall admitted in his autobiography , The Real McCall , he wanted to manage Bradford . 
 He had been linked with the manager 's position at Bradford City on numerous previous occasions , and after Colin Todd was sacked on 12 February 2007 , City chairman Julian Rhodes made McCall his number one target to take over in the summer . Club captain David Wetherall temporarily took over and was later announced as caretaker manager for the rest of the 2006 – 07 season . On 18 May 2007 it was announced McCall would become full @-@ time manager of the club where he started his career , and on 1 June 2007 he assumed the position . In less than seven years since McCall 's first two @-@ game reign , serious financial problems had driven the club to the verge of closure , and although they survived the threat of oblivion , they were unable to avoid a terrible on @-@ the @-@ pitch decline , which continued after the financial nightmare had been relieved . On McCall 's return to Valley Parade , the Bantams had just been relegated to League Two — meaning that they would be playing in the bottom division for the first time in 25 years . McCall set himself a target of earning promotion back to League One in his first season . 
 Bradford had just 13 players when McCall took over , and he made a number of summer signings including defender Darren Williams , midfielders Kyle Nix , Alex Rhodes and Scott Phelan , and strikers Barry Conlon , Guylain Ndumbu @-@ Nsungu and Peter Thorne . McCall recorded his first win as a manager against Wrexham on 25 August 2007 after substitute Luke Medley scored a late winner , but despite his pre @-@ season target his team spent much of the first half of the season in the bottom half of the table . After going unbeaten in January , the club were still 15th in League Two , and McCall told the Telegraph & Argus he did not regret his pre @-@ season target but was carried away with the euphoria at the time . City 's form continued to improve during the second half of the season , and McCall led his side to 10th place in League Two . 
 Despite City finishing outside the play @-@ off places , they were again installed as favourites for promotion by bookmakers for the 2008 – 09 season . McCall released 13 players from his squad and replaced them with a number of signings with experience in a higher division , as well as Michael Boulding , who was one of League Two 's top goalscorers during the 2007 – 08 campaign . McCall 's side made a good start to the season , and after winning five of their opening six league games , went top of the league – the first time City had led the table in seven years . 
 As a result of maintaining a place in the promotion places during the first half of the season and his " stabling influence " on the club , chairmen Julian Rhodes and Mark Lawn offered McCall a new contract in January 2009 . Later in the month , Lawn gave further backing to McCall , who was coming under pressure from the club 's fans following a run of one win in nine games ; during the run McCall was also charged by The Football Association for the first time of his managerial career after he had contested a refereeing decision during a game with Luton Town . McCall signed a new contract in February , which extended his deal by another two years and would have kept him at the club until 2011 . He set himself the goal of earning two promotions to put City in the Championship . However , less than a month later , McCall offered to resign if they did not reach the play @-@ offs after his side lost 4 – 1 to Bournemouth – their fifth consecutive away defeat . " Nobody is hurting more than me but it 's as simple as that , if we miss out I don 't deserve to be here , " he said . City eventually missed out on promotion , but McCall decided to stay on as manager and took a voluntary pay cut in the process because of the club 's budget being reduced . 
 As a result of the cuts , McCall made a number of changes to his squad during the summer of 2009 . His team started the 2009 – 10 season by going four games without scoring , until they recorded a 5 – 4 victory against Cheltenham Town . After the game , McCall said : " That was the youngest , and certainly cheapest , team Bradford have put out for a long time and I ’ m really proud of them . " City continued by going ten games unbeaten and reached the area semi @-@ finals of the Football League Trophy where they lost to Carlisle United , managed by McCall 's friend Greg Abbott , but at the start of 2010 found themselves 16th in League Two and eight points off the play @-@ offs after a run of five defeats in seven games . McCall laid down a challenge to his team to win three of their next four games , saying : " The bottom line is that the players and me personally will get judged on results . And the results aren 't good enough . " Despite the club 's slide down the table , he denied he would resign , but it was reported that two late goals from summer signing Gareth Evans to give City a late 2 – 1 away at Torquay United saved McCall from being sacked . However , defeat to Bury in the club 's following fixture was McCall 's last game as manager , with McCall saying after the game : " It 's time for somebody else to come in and take up the reins and hopefully do well . " He won a little more than one @-@ third of his 133 games in charge of City . McCall left by mutual consent . 
 
 = = = Motherwell = = = 
 
 After leaving Bradford , McCall spent some time out of the game before being recruited to work as a scout for Norwich City by Rangers former chief scout Ewan Chester . At the end of 2010 , he was among a number of men interviewed for the managerial vacancy at Scottish Premier League side Motherwell to succeed Craig Brown , before being given the job on a two @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ year contract . His first game in charge was a 0 – 0 draw away to Hamilton Academical on New Year 's Day 2011 , with McCall stating : " It was a fair result . You take positives , a clean sheet , but we can be better and we will be better . " He followed it up with a 4 – 0 victory in the Scottish Cup against Dundee before his maiden league victory – and the club 's first since November – against Hibernian by the end of January . McCall was partly selected as new manager because of his knowledge of the lower leagues of English football ; he was active in the transfer market in his early days , bringing in Steve Jones – a player he had at Bradford – and Mike Grella from Leeds United , although the latter move was cancelled because of a FIFA ruling limiting the number of clubs a player can sign for in one season . Having operated without an assistant for his first few weeks in charge , McCall chose former Airdrie United manager Kenny Black as his number two . McCall led Motherwell to the semi @-@ finals of both Scottish Cup competitions – they were defeated 2 – 1 by his former side Rangers in the League Cup but reached the final of the Scottish Cup by defeating St Johnstone 3 – 0 . 
 At the start of the following season , Motherwell lost only one match in their first six making them joint leaders of the Scottish Premier League , which led to McCall being named the Clydesdale Bank Premier League manager of the month for July and August . Well continued their good form , with McCall winning the award again in October , alongside player of the month Keith Lasley , in a month when the side went unbeaten . Motherwell 's final position in the Premier League was in 3rd , allowing them into the Champions League for the first time in the club 's history . 
 At the start of the 2012 @-@ 13 season , McCall was unable to make signings after losing ten players . In the summer transfer window , he made two signings Simon Ramsden and Fraser Kerr . McCall attempted to sign the returning James McFadden and Ryan Stevenson , but both were unsuccessful . McCall then managed the club 's first Champions League match in the second round against Panathinaikos , but they proved to be too strong and Motherwell failed to win either leg losing 2 @-@ 0 and 3 @-@ 0 respectively , which McCall described as " cruel " . After the match , Motherwell entered the Europa League play @-@ offs to face Levante ; McCall wanted to play with an " up @-@ and @-@ at @-@ them approach " against the Spaniards . Once again , their opposition proved to be too strong and they lost each leg 2 – 0 and 1 – 0 respectively , ending the club 's European competitions ; the second game at the Estadi Ciutat de València had Motherwell playing with a youthful and inexperienced squad due to injuries . 
 On 24 January 2013 , it was announced McCall would join the backroom staff of new Scotland national football team manager Gordon Strachan . During the 2012 / 13 season , the club managed to stay in the top @-@ six . On 28 March 2013 , McCall signed a new two @-@ year contract with Motherwell . In April 2013 , McCall was awarded March 's SPL manager of month for helping the club win three and draw one of their games during the month . At the end of the season , Motherwell finished second for the first time , their highest league position since 1994 @-@ 95 season , which he described as " incredible " . As a result , McCall won Clydesdale Bank Manager of the Year . On 22 May 2013 , it was reported that he was set to open talks with Sheffield United about their managerial vacancy in the next 24 hours and that he had cut short a family holiday to intend the interview . Eventually , McCall rejected a move to Sheffield United , following talks between the two and was happy to continue as manager of Motherwell , claiming it was the wrong time to join United . 
 At the start of the 2013 @-@ 14 season , key players Darren Randolph , Nicky Law , Chris Humphrey , Michael Higdon and Henrik Ojamaa all left the club . McCall replaced them by signing Paul Lawson , Iain Vigurs , John Sutton , Fraser Kerr , Gunnar Nielsen and Stephen McManus . He also managed to persuade James McFadden to stay at the club . Motherwell enjoyed another successful season , finishing second in the 2013 – 14 Scottish Premiership . The position was achieved by winning on the final day against nearest rivals Aberdeen . After a bad start to the 2014 – 15 season left Motherwell second from bottom , McCall resigned as manager on 2 November . 
 
 = = = Rangers = = = 
 
 McCall was appointed manager of Rangers on 12 March 2015 , agreeing a contract with the club to the end of the 2014 – 15 season . In his first match in charge Rangers were held to a 1 – 1 draw at home by bottom @-@ placed Livingston on 14 March 2015 . Rangers finished third in the 2014 – 15 Scottish Championship and in the Premiership play @-@ off final they were beaten 6 – 1 on aggregate by McCall 's former team Motherwell . Insisting he had " done a decent job " he wanted to extend his contract for the following season . Rangers instead opted to appoint Mark Warburton as manager for the new season . 
 
 = = = Return to Bradford City = = = 
 
 On 20 June 2016 , he returned as manager of Bradford City , replacing Phil Parkinson . McCall gave up his coaching role with the Scottish national team . 
 
 = = Style of play = = 
 
 McCall was a box @-@ to @-@ box midfielder characterised by his tireless running , tackling and also weighing in with an average of one goal every 11 games . Despite his position in the middle of the park he was rarely suspended and was sent off just once in his career – in the final minute of a 2 – 0 defeat to Charlton Athletic on 4 November 2000 . He also had a never @-@ say @-@ die attitude proven by a number of key late goals including his equaliser which sent the 1989 FA Cup Final into extra @-@ time , and a 93rd @-@ minute equaliser against Tottenham Hotspur during Bradford 's difficult start to their Premier League campaign in the 1999 – 2000 season . He was a passionate player whose strong desire to win even ran to reserve games . Even in his final years of his career he was described as a player with " plenty of drive and ambition " by manager Neil Warnock . 
 
 = = Career statistics = = 
 
 
 = = = Playing = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Club = = = = 
 
 
 = = = = International = = = = 
 
 
 = = = = = International goals = = = = = 
 
 Scores and results list Scotland 's goal tally first . 
 
 = = = Managerial = = = 
 
 As of 31 May 2015 
 
 = = Honours = = 
 
 
 = = = Player = = = 
 
 Bradford City 
 English Third Division ( 1 ) : 1984 – 85 
 English First Division promotion ( 1 ) : 1998 – 99 
 Rangers 
 Scottish Premier Division ( 6 ) : 1991 – 92 , 1992 – 93 , 1993 – 94 , 1994 – 95 , 1995 – 96 , 1996 – 97 
 Scottish Cup ( 3 ) : 1992 , 1993 , 1996 
 Scottish League Cup ( 2 ) : 1993 , 1994 
 
 = = = Manager = = = 
 
 Motherwell 
 Lanarkshire Cup ( 3 ) : 2010 – 11 , 2012 – 13 , 2013 – 14 
 
 = = = Individual = = = 
 
 PFA Team of the Year ( 2 ) : 
 Second Division : 1987 , 1988 
 Third Division : 1985 
 Manager of the Month : July / August 2011 , October 2011 , March 2013 
 SPL Manager of the Season : 2012 – 13 
 
 
 = Black @-@ tailed jackrabbit = 
 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit ( Lepus californicus ) , also known as the American desert hare , is a common hare of the western United States and Mexico , where it is found at elevations from sea level up to 10 @,@ 000 ft ( 3 @,@ 000 m ) . Reaching a length around 2 ft ( 61 cm ) , and a weight from 3 to 6 lb ( 1 @.@ 4 to 2 @.@ 7 kg ) , the black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is the third @-@ largest North American hare . Black @-@ tailed jackrabbits occupy mixed shrub @-@ grassland terrains . Their breeding depends on the location ; it typically peaks in spring , but may continue all year round in warm climates . Young are born fully furred with eyes open ; they are well camouflaged and are mobile within minutes of birth , thus females do not protect or even stay with the young except during nursing . The average litter size is around four , but may be as low as two and as high as seven in warm regions . 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit does not migrate or hibernate during winter and uses the same habitat of 0 @.@ 4 to 1 @.@ 2 mi2 ( 1 – 3 km2 ) year @-@ round . Its diet is composed of various shrubs , small trees , grasses , and forbs . Shrubs generally comprise the bulk of fall and winter diets , while grasses and forbs are used in spring and early summer , but the pattern and plant species vary with climate . The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is an important prey species for raptors and carnivorous mammals , such as eagles , hawks , owls , coyotes , foxes , and wild cats . The rabbits host many ectoparasites including fleas , ticks , lice , and mites ; for this reason , hunters often avoid collecting them . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Like other jackrabbits , the black @-@ tailed jackrabbit has distinctive long ears , and the long , powerful rear legs characteristic of hares . Reaching a length about 2 ft ( 61 cm ) , and a weight from 3 to 6 lb ( 1 @.@ 4 to 2 @.@ 7 kg ) , the black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is the third @-@ largest North American hare , after the antelope jackrabbit and the white @-@ tailed jackrabbit . The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit 's dorsal fur is agouti ( dark buff peppered with black ) , and its undersides and the insides of its legs are creamy white . The ears are black @-@ tipped on the outer surfaces , and unpigmented inside . The ventral surface of the tail is grey to white , and the black dorsal surface of the tail continues up the spine for a few inches to form a short , black stripe . The females are larger than males , with no other significant differences . 
 
 = = Taxonomy and distribution = = 
 
 Although 17 subspecies are recognized , this number may be excessive . Using a cluster analysis of anatomical characters , Dixon and others found that black @-@ tailed jackrabbit subspecies separated into two distinct groups that are geographically separated west and east of the Colorado Rocky Mountains and the Colorado River . They suggested only two infrataxa are warranted : the western subspecies L. c. californicus and the eastern subspecies L. c. texianus . 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is the most widely distributed jackrabbit ( Lepus species ) in North America . Native black @-@ tailed jackrabbit populations occur from central Washington east to Missouri and south to Baja California Sur and Zacatecas . Black @-@ tailed jackrabbit distribution is currently expanding eastward in the Great Plains at the expense of white @-@ tailed jackrabbit . The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit has been successfully introduced in southern Florida and along the coastline in Maryland , New Jersey , and Virginia . 
 Distribution of subspecies occurring entirely or partially in the United States is : 
 Lepus californicus altamirae ( Nelson ) 
 L. c. asellus ( G. S. Miller ) 
 L. c. bennettii ( Gray ) – coastal southern California to Baja California Norte 
 L. c. californicus ( Gray ) – coastal Oregon to coastal and Central Valley California 
 L. c. curti ( E. R. Hall ) 
 L. c. deserticola ( Mearns ) – southern Idaho to Sonora 
 L. c. ememicus ( J. A. Allen ) – central Arizona to Sonora 
 L. c. festinus ( Nelson ) 
 L. c. magdalenae ( Nelson ) 
 L. c. martirensis ( J. M. Stowell ) 
 L. c. melanotis ( Mearns ) – South Dakota to Iowa , Missouri , and central Texas 
 L. c. merriamai ( Mearns ) – south @-@ central and southeastern Texas to Tamaulipas 
 L. c. richardsonii ( Bachman ) – central California 
 L. c. sheldoni ( W. H. Burt ) 
 L. c. texianus ( Waterhouse ) – southeastern Utah and southwestern Colorado to Zacatecas 
 L. c. wallawalla ( Merriam ) – eastern Washington to northeastern California and northwestern Nevada 
 L. c. xanti ( Thomas ) 
 
 = = Plant communities = = 
 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit occupies plant communities with a mixture of shrubs , grasses , and forbs . Shrubland @-@ herb mosaics are preferred over pure stands of shrubs or herbs . Black @-@ tailed jackrabbit populations are common in sagebrush ( Artemisia spp . ) , creosotebush ( Larrea tridentata ) , and other desert shrublands ; palouse , shortgrass , and mixed @-@ grass prairies ; desert grassland ; open @-@ canopy chaparral ; oak ( Quercus spp . ) , and pinyon @-@ juniper ( Pinus @-@ Juniperus spp . ) woodlands ; and early seral ( succeeding each other ) , low- to mid @-@ elevation coniferous forests . It is also common in and near croplands , especially alfalfa ( Medicago sativa ) fields . 
 
 = = Major life events = = 
 
 Male black @-@ tailed jackrabbits reach sexual maturity around 7 months of age . Females usually breed in the spring of their second year , although females born in spring or early summer may breed in their first year . Ovulation is induced by copulation . The breeding season is variable depending upon latitude and environmental factors . In the northern part of their range in Idaho , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits breed from February through May . In Utah , they breed from January through July , with over 75 % of females pregnant by April . The Kansas breeding season extends from January to August . Breeding in warm climates continues nearly year @-@ round . Two peak breeding seasons corresponding to rainfall patterns and growth of young vegetation occur in California , Arizona , and New Mexico . In Arizona , for example , breeding peaks during winter ( January – March ) rains and again during June monsoons . 
 The gestation period ranges from 41 to 47 days . More litters are born in warm climates : the number of litters born each year ranges from two per year in Idaho to seven in Arizona . Litter sizes are largest in the northern portions of black @-@ tailed jackrabbit 's range and decrease toward the south . Average litter size has been reported at 4 @.@ 9 in Idaho , 3 @.@ 8 in Utah , and 2 @.@ 2 in Arizona . 
 Female black @-@ tailed jackrabbits do not prepare an elaborate nest . They give birth in shallow excavations called forms that are no more than a few centimeters deep . Females may line forms with hair prior to giving birth , but some drop litters in existing depressions on the ground with no further preparation . Young are born fully furred with eyes open , and are mobile within minutes of birth . Females do not protect or even stay with the young except during nursing . Ages of weaning and dispersal are unclear since the young are well camouflaged and rarely observed in the field . Captive black @-@ tailed jackrabbits are fully weaned by 8 weeks . The young stay together for at least a week after leaving the form . 
 
 = = Preferred habitat = = 
 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit can occupy a wide range of habitats as long as diversity in plant species exists . It requires mixed grasses , forbs , and shrubs for food , and shrubs or small trees for cover . It prefers moderately open areas without dense understory growth and is seldom found in closed @-@ canopy habitats . For example , in California , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits are plentiful in open chamise ( Ademostoma fasciculatum ) and Ceanothus spp. chaparral interspersed with grasses , but does not occupy closed @-@ canopy chaparral . Similarly , the black @-@ tailed jackrabbit occupies clearcuts and early seral coniferous forest , but not closed @-@ canopy coniferous forest . 
 Black @-@ tailed jackrabbits do not migrate or hibernate during winter ; the same habitat is used year @-@ round . Diurnal movement of 2 to 10 miles ( 3 – 16 km ) occurs from shrub cover in day to open foraging areas at night . Home range area varies with habitat and habitat quality . Home ranges of 0 @.@ 4 to 1 @.@ 2 mi2 ( 1 – 3 km2 ) have been reported in big sagebrush ( Artemisia tridentata ) and black greasewood ( Sarcobatus vermiculatus ) communities of northern Utah . 
 Black @-@ tailed jackrabbits require shrubs or small conifers for hiding , nesting , and thermal cover , and grassy areas for night feeding . A shrub @-@ grassland mosaic or widely spaced shrubs interspersed with herbs provides hiding cover while providing feeding opportunities . Small shrubs do not provide adequate cover . In the Snake River Birds of Prey Study Area in southwestern Idaho , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits were more frequent on sites dominated by big sagebrush or black greasewood than on sites dominated by the smaller shrubs winterfat ( Krascheninnikovia lanata ) or shadscale ( Atriplex confertifolia ) . Black @-@ tailed jackrabbits do not habitually use a burrow , although they have occasionally been observed using abandoned burrows for escape and thermal cover . 
 
 = = Food habits = = 
 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit diet is composed of shrubs , small trees , grasses , and forbs . Throughout the course of a year , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits feed on most if not all of the important plant species in a community . Growth stage and moisture content of plants may influence selection more than species . Shrubs generally comprise the bulk of fall and winter diets , while grasses and forbs are used in spring and early summer . This pattern varies with climate : herbaceous plants are grazed during greenup periods while the plants are in prereproductive to early reproductive stages , and shrubs are used more in dry seasons . Shrubs are browsed throughout the year , however . Most of a jackrabbit 's body water is replaced by foraging water @-@ rich vegetation . Jackrabbits require a plant 's water weight to be at least five times its dry weight to meet daily water intake requirements . Therefore , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits switch to phreatophyte ( deep @-@ rooted ) shrubs when herbaceous vegetation is recovering from their foraging . 
 Plant species used by black @-@ tailed jackrabbits are well documented for desert regions . Forage use in other regions is less well known . However , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits browse Douglas fir ( Pseudotsuga menziesii ) , ponderosa pine ( Pinus ponderosa ) , lodgepole pine ( P. contorta ) , and western hemlock ( Tsuga heterophylla ) seedlings , and oak ( Quercus spp . ) seedlings and sprouts . 
 
 = = = Great Basin = = = 
 
 In Great Basin , big sagebrush is a primary forage species and is used throughout the year ; in southern Idaho it forms 16 – 21 % of the black @-@ tailed jackrabbit summer diet . Rabbitbrush ( Chrysothamnus spp . ) , spiny hopsage ( gray spinosa ) , and black greasewood are also browsed . Four @-@ wing saltbush ( Atriplex canescens ) is heavily used in western Nevada . In Butte County , Idaho , winterfat comprises 41 % of black @-@ tailed jackrabbits ' annual diet . Grasses comprise 14 % of the diet , with most grass consumption in March and April . Russian thistle ( Salsoda kali ) is an important forb diet item . Needle @-@ and @-@ thread grass ( Stipa comata ) and Indian ricegrass ( Oryzopsis hymenoides ) are preferred grasses . Other preferred native grasses include Sandberg bluegrass ( Poa secunda ) and bluebunch wheatgrass ( Pseudoroegneria spicata ) . Where available , crested wheatgrass ( Agropyron desertorum and Agropyron cristatum ) and barley ( Hordeum vulgare ) are highly preferred . Cheatgrass ( Bromus tectorum ) use is variable : it comprises 45 % of the April diet on two southern Idaho sites , but black @-@ tailed jackrabbit on an eastern Washington site do not use it . 
 
 = = = Warm desert = = = 
 
 In warm desert , mesquite ( Prosopis spp . ) and creosotebush ( Larrea tridentata ) are principal browse species . Broom snakeweed ( Gutierrezia sarothrae ) and Yucca spp. are also used . In honey mesquite ( Prosopis glandulosa var. glandulosa ) communities in New Mexico , the overall black @-@ tailed jackrabbit diet was 47 % shrubs , 22 % grasses , and 31 % forbs . Black grama ( Bouteloua spp . ) , dropseed ( Sporobolus spp . ) , fluffgrass ( Erioneuron pulchellum ) , and threeawns ( Aristida spp . ) are the most commonly grazed grasses . Leather croton ( Croton pottsii ) , silverleaf nightshade ( Solanum elaeagnifolium ) , desert marigold ( Baileya multiradiata ) , wooly paperflower ( Psilostrophe tagetina ) , and globemallow ( Sphaeralcea spp . ) are important forbs , although many forb species are grazed . Opuntia spp . , saguaro ( Carnegiea gigantea ) , and other cacti are used throughout the year , but are especially important in dry seasons as a source of moisture . 
 
 = = Predators = = 
 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is an important prey species for many raptors and carnivorous mammals . The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit and Townsend 's ground squirrel ( Spermophilus townsendii ) are the two most important prey species on the Snake River Birds of Prey Study Area . Hawks preying on black @-@ tailed jackrabbits include the ferruginous hawk ( Buteo regalis ) , white @-@ tailed hawk ( Buteo albicaudatus ) , Swainson 's hawk ( B. swainsoni ) , and red @-@ tailed hawk ( B. jamaicensis ) . The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is the primary prey of Swainson 's , red @-@ tailed , and ferruginous hawks on Idaho and Utah sites . Other raptors consuming black @-@ tailed jackrabbits include the great horned owl ( Bubo virginianus ) , burrowing owl ( Athene cunicularia ) , golden eagle ( Aquila chrysaetos ) , and bald eagle ( Haliaeetus leucocephalus ) . A significant correlation exists between golden eagle and black @-@ tailed jackrabbit reproduction patterns . In Colorado and southeastern Wyoming , black @-@ tailed jackrabbits constitute 9 % of nesting bald eagles ' diet . Jackrabbits and cottontails ( Sylvilagus spp . ) combined form 9 % of the diet of bald eagles wintering on national forests in Arizona and New Mexico . 
 Mammalian predators include coyote ( Canis latrans ) , bobcat ( Lynx rufus ) , lynx ( Lynx canadensis ) , domestic dog ( Canis lupus familiaris ) , domestic cat ( Felis catus ) , red fox ( Vulpes vulpes ) , common gray fox ( Urocyon cinereoargenteus ) , American badger ( Taxidea taxus ) , wolf ( Canis lupus ) , and mountain lion ( Felis concolor ) . In many areas , black @-@ tailed jackrabbit is the primary item in coyote diets . It is locally and regionally important to other mammalian predators . One study found that jackrabbits made up 45 % of the bobcat diet in Utah and Nevada . Another Utah – Nevada study found that jackrabbits were the fourth @-@ most commonly consumed prey of mountain lions . 
 Rattlesnakes ( Crotalus spp . ) and garter snakes ( Thamnophis sirtalis ) prey on black @-@ tailed jackrabbit young . Raccoons ( Procyon lotor ) and striped skunks ( Mephitis mephitis ) may also capture young . 
 
 = = Parasites and disease = = 
 
 The black @-@ tailed jackrabbit plays host to many ectoparasites including fleas , ticks , lice , and mites , and many endoparasites including trematodes , cestodes , nematodes , and botfly ( Cuterebra ) larvae . Diseases affecting the black @-@ tailed jackrabbit in the West are tularemia , equine encephalitis , brucellosis , Q fever , and Rocky Mountain spotted fever . Ticks are vectors for tularemia , and infected ticks have been found on jackrabbits in the West . Jackrabbits infected with tularemia die very quickly . 
 The high prevalence of disease and parasites in wild jackrabbits affects human predation . Many hunters will not collect the jackrabbits they shoot , and those who do are well advised to wear gloves while handling carcasses and to cook the meat thoroughly to avoid contracting tularemia . Most hunting of jackrabbits is done for pest control or sport . 
 
 
 = Battle of Romani = 
 
 The Battle of Romani was the last ground attack of the Central Powers on the Suez Canal at the beginning of the Sinai and Palestine Campaign during the First World War . The battle was fought between 3 and 5 August 1916 near the Egyptian town of Romani and the site of ancient Pelusium on the Sinai Peninsula , 23 miles ( 37 km ) east of the Suez Canal . This victory by the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division and the Anzac Mounted Division of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force ( EEF ) over a joint Ottoman and German force , which had marched across the Sinai , marked the end of the Defence of the Suez Canal campaign , also known as the Offensive zur Eroberung des Suezkanals and the İkinci Kanal Harekâtı , which had begun on 26 January 1915 . 
 This British Empire victory , the first against the Ottoman Empire in the war , ensured the safety of the Suez Canal from ground attacks , and ended the Central Powers ' ambitions of disrupting traffic through the canal by gaining control of the strategically important northern approaches to the Suez Canal . The pursuit by the Anzac Mounted Division which ended at Bir el Abd on 12 August began the Sinai and Palestine Campaign . Thereafter , the Anzac Mounted Division supported by the Imperial Camel Brigade were on the offensive , pursuing the German and Ottoman army many miles across the Sinai Peninsula , reversing in a most emphatic manner the defeat suffered at Katia three months earlier . 
 From late April 1916 , after a German @-@ led Ottoman force attacked British yeomanry at Katia , British Empire forces in the region at first doubled from one brigade to two and then grew as rapidly as the developing infrastructure could support them . The construction of the railway and a water pipeline soon enabled an infantry division to join the light horse and mounted rifle brigades at Romani . During the heat of summer , regular mounted patrols and reconnaissance were carried out from their base at Romani , while the infantry constructed an extensive series of defensive redoubts . On 19 July , the advance of a large German , Austrian and Ottoman force across the northern Sinai was reported . From 20 July until the battle began , the Australian 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades took turns pushing out to clash with the advancing hostile column . 
 During the night of 3 / 4 August 1916 , the advancing force including the German Pasha I formation and the Ottoman 3rd Infantry Division launched an attack from Katia on Romani . Forward troops quickly became engaged with the screen established by the 1st Light Horse Brigade ( Anzac Mounted Division ) . During fierce fighting before dawn on 4 August , the Australian light horsemen were forced to slowly retire . At daylight , their line was reinforced by the 2nd Light Horse Brigade , and about mid morning , the 5th Mounted Brigade and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade joined the battle . Together these four brigades of the Anzac Mounted Division , managed to contain and direct the determined attackers into deep sand . Here the attackers came within range of the strongly entrenched 52nd ( Lowland ) Division defending Romani and the railway . Coordinated resistance by all these EEF formations , the deep sand , the heat and thirst prevailed , and the German , Austrian and Ottoman advance was checked . Although the attacking force fought strongly to maintain its positions the next morning , by nightfall they had been pushed back to their starting point at Katia . The retiring force was pursued by the Anzac Mounted Division between 6 and 9 August , during which the Ottomans and Germans forces fought a number of strong rearguard actions against the advancing Australian light horse , British yeomanry and New Zealand mounted rifle brigades . The pursuit ended on 12 August , when the German and Ottoman force abandoned their base at Bir el Abd and retreated back to El Arish . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 At the beginning of the First World War , the Egyptian police controlling the Sinai Peninsula had withdrawn , leaving the area largely unprotected . In February 1915 , a German and Ottoman force unsuccessfully attacked the Suez Canal . Minor Ottoman and Bedouin forces operating across the Sinai continued to threaten the canal from March through the Gallipoli Campaign until June , when they practically ceased until the autumn . Meanwhile , the German and Ottoman Empires supported an uprising by the Senussi ( a political @-@ religious group ) on the western frontier of Egypt which began in November 1915 . 
 By February 1916 , however , there was no apparent sign of any unusual military activity in the Sinai itself , when the British began construction on the first 25 @-@ mile ( 40 km ) stretch of 4 @-@ foot @-@ 8 @-@ inch ( 1 @.@ 42 m ) standard gauge railway and water pipeline from Kantara to Romani and Katia . Reconnaissance aircraft of the Royal Flying Corps and seaplanes of the Royal Naval Air Service found only small , scattered Ottoman forces in the Sinai region and no sign of any major concentration of troops in southern Palestine . 
 By the end of March or early in April 1916 , the British presence in the Sinai was growing ; 16 miles ( 26 km ) of track , including sidings , had been laid . Between 21 March and 11 April , the water sources at Wady Um Muksheib , Moya Harab and Jifjafa along the central Sinai route from southern Palestine were destroyed . In 1915 , they had been used by the central group of about 6 @,@ 000 or 7 @,@ 000 Ottoman soldiers who moved across the Sinai Desert to attack the Suez Canal at Ismailia . Without these wells and cisterns , the central route could no longer be used by large forces . 
 German General Friedrich Freiherr Kress von Kressenstein 's raiding force retaliated to this growing British presence , by attacking the widely dispersed 5th Mounted Brigade on 23 April , Easter Sunday and also St George 's Day , when Yeomanry were surprised and overwhelmed at Katia and Oghratina east of Romani . The mounted Yeomanry brigade had been sent to guard the water pipeline and railway as they were being extended beyond the protection of the Suez Canal defences into the desert towards Romani . 
 In response to this attack , the British Empire presence in the region doubled . The next day , the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and the 2nd Light Horse Brigade which had served dismounted during the Gallipoli Campaign , of the Australian Major General Harry Chauvel 's Anzac Mounted Division reoccupied the Katia area unopposed . 
 
 = = Prelude = = 
 
 On 24 April , the day after the Katia and Oghratina , Chauvel , commander of the Anzac Mounted Division , was placed in command of all the advanced troops : the 2nd Light Horse Brigade and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades at Romani and an infantry division ; the 52nd ( Lowland ) at Dueidar . The infantry moved forward to Romani between 11 May and 4 June 1916 . 
 The building of the railway and pipeline had not been greatly affected by the fighting on 23 April and by 29 April , four trains a day were running regularly to the railhead , manned by No. 276 Railway Company , and the main line to Romani was opened on 19 May . A second standard gauge railway line from Romani to Mahamdiyah on the Mediterranean coast was completed by 9 June . But conditions on the ground were extreme ; after the middle of May and in particular from mid June to the end of July , the heat in the Sinai Desert ranged from extreme to fierce when temperatures could be expected to be in the region of 123 ° F ( 51 ° C ) in the shade . The terrible heat was not as bad as the Khamsin dust storms which blow once every 50 days for between a few hours and several days ; the air is turned into a haze of floating sand particles flung about by a strong , hot southerly wind . 
 No major ground operations were carried out during these midsummer months , the Ottoman garrisons in the Sinai being scattered and out of reach of the British forces . But constant patrolling and reconnaissance were carried out from Romani to Ogratina , to Bir el Abd and on 16 May to Bir Bayud , 19 miles ( 31 km ) south @-@ east of Romani , on 31 May to Bir Salmana 22 miles ( 35 km ) east north @-@ east of Romani by the New Zealand Mounted Rifle Brigade , when they covered 100 kilometres ( 62 mi ) in 36 hours . These patrols concentrated on an area of great strategic importance to large military formations wishing to move across the Sinai along the northern route . Here water was freely available in a large area of oases which extends from Dueidar , 15 miles ( 24 km ) from Kantara on the Suez Canal , along the Darb es Sultani ( the old caravan route ) , to Salmana 52 miles ( 84 km ) away . 
 Between 10 and 14 June , the last water source on the central route across the Sinai Peninsula was destroyed by the Mukhsheib column . This column , consisting of engineers and units of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , the Bikaner Camel Corps , and the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps drained 5 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 US gallons ( 19 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 l ; 4 @,@ 200 @,@ 000 imp gal ) of water from pools and cisterns in the Wadi Mukhsheib and sealed the cisterns . This action effectively narrowed the area in which Ottoman offensives might be expected to the coastal or northern route across the Sinai Peninsula . 
 Ottoman aircraft attacked the Suez Canal twice during May , dropping bombs on Port Said . British aircraft bombed the town and aerodrome at El Arish on 18 May and 18 June , and bombed all the Ottoman camps on a front of 45 miles ( 72 km ) parallel to the canal on 22 May . By the middle of June , the No. 1 Australian Squadron , Australian Flying Corps , had begun active service , with " B " Flight at Suez performing reconnaissance . On 9 July , " A " Flight was stationed at Sherika in Upper Egypt , with " C " Flight based at Kantara . 
 
 = = = German and Ottoman force = = = 
 
 At the beginning of July , it was estimated there were at least 28 @,@ 000 Ottoman troops in the Gaza – Beersheba area of southern Palestine , and that just before the battle began at Romani , there were 3 @,@ 000 troops at Oghratina , not far from Katia , another 6 @,@ 000 at the forward base of Bir el Abd , east of Oghratina , 2 @,@ 000 to 3 @,@ 000 at Bir Bayud to the south @-@ east , and another 2 @,@ 000 at Bir el Mazar , some 42 miles ( 68 km ) to the east , not far from El Arish . 
 Kress von Kressenstein 's Fourth Army was made up of the 3rd ( Anatolian ) Infantry Division 's three regiments , the 31st , 32nd and 39th Infantry Regiments , totalling 16 @,@ 000 men , of whom 11 @,@ 000 to 11 @,@ 873 were combatants , Arab ancillary forces ; and one regiment of the Camel Corps . Estimates of their arms range from 3 @,@ 293 to 12 @,@ 000 rifles , 38 to 56 machine guns , and two to five anti @-@ aircraft gun sections ; they also fielded four heavy artillery and mountain gun batteries ( 30 artillery pieces ) and the Pasha I formation . Nearly 5 @,@ 000 camels and 1 @,@ 750 horses accompanied the advance . 
 The Pasha I formation with a ration strength of about 16 @,@ 000 , consisted of personnel and materiel for a machine gun battalion of eight companies with four guns each with Ottoman drivers , five anti @-@ aircraft groups , the 60th Battalion Heavy Artillery consisting of one battery of two 100mm guns , one battery of four 150 mm howitzers and two batteries of 210 mm howitzers ( two guns in each battery ) . The officers , NCOs and " leading numbers " of this artillery battalion were German ; the remainder were Ottoman Army personnel . In addition Pasha I also included two trench mortar companies , the 300th Flight Detachment , Wireless detachment , three railway companies and two field hospitals . Austria provided two mountain howitzer batteries of six guns each . With the exception of the two 210 mm howitzers , the trench mortars and the railway personnel the remainder of Pasha I took part in the advance to Romani . 
 The 300th Flight Detachment provided a squadron for aerial reconnaissance , and increased the numbers of aircraft available to support the advance across Sinai . These Pasha I aircraft were faster and more effective than the " hopelessly outclassed " British aircraft and were able to maintain air superiority over the battleground . 
 It is also possible that the 81st Regiment of the 27th Division advanced to Bir el Abd and took part in the defence of that place . 
 The objectives of the German , Austrian and Ottoman advance were to capture Romani and to then establish a strongly entrenched position opposite Kantara , from which place their heavy artillery would be within range of the Suez Canal . The attacking force assembled in the southern Ottoman Empire at Shellal , north @-@ west of Beersheba , and departed for the Sinai on 9 July 1916 ; they reached Bir el Abd and Ogratina ten days later . 
 
 = = = British forces = = = 
 
 General Sir Archibald Murray , the commander of the British Empire forces in Egypt , formed the Egyptian Expeditionary Force ( EEF ) in March 1916 by merging the Force in Egypt , which had protected Egypt since the beginning of the war , with the Mediterranean Expeditionary Force which had fought at Gallipoli . The role of this new force was to both defend the British Protectorate of Egypt and provide reinforcements for the Western Front . Murray had his headquarters in Cairo to better deal with his multiple responsibilities , although he was at Ismailia during the battle for Romani . 
 With the occupation of Romani , the area became part the Northern or No. 3 Sector of the Suez Canal defences , which originally stretched along the canal from Ferdan to Port Said . Two further sectors grouped the defence forces along the central and southern sections of the Canal ; No. 2 , the Central Sector , stretched south from Ferdan to headquarters at Ismailia and on to Kabrit , where the No. 1 or Southern Sector extended from Kabrit to Suez . 
 Murray considered it very unlikely that an attack would occur anywhere other than in the northern sector and therefore was prepared to reduce the troops in Nos 1 and 2 Sectors to a minimum . He decided not to reinforce his four infantry brigades , but to increase the available fire @-@ power at Romani by moving up the 160th and 161st Machine Gun Companies of the 53rd ( Welsh ) and the 54th ( East Anglian ) Divisions . He also ordered the concentration of a small mobile column made up of the 11th Light Horse , the City of London Yeomanry ( less one squadron each ) with the 4th , 6th and 9th Companies of the Imperial Camel Brigade in No. 2 Sector . He calculated that the whole of the defensive force , including the camel transport necessary to enable infantry in the 42nd ( East Lancashire ) Division to advance into the desert , would be fully equipped and the camels assembled by 3 August . Approximately 10 @,@ 000 Egyptian Camel Transport Corps camels concentrated at Romani prior to the battle . British monitors in the Mediterranean Sea off Mahamdiyah got into position to shell the assembling Ottoman force , while an armoured train at Kantara was ready to assist the defence of the right flank , and all available aircraft were on standby at Ismailia , Kantara , Port Said and Romani . 
 Major General H. A. Lawrence commanded No. 3 Section Canal Defences , and as part of those defences , the Romani position was commanded by Lawrence , who had his headquarters at Kantara . Stationed at Kantara were infantry in the 42nd Division , an infantry brigade of the 53rd ( Welsh ) Division with 36 guns and the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , detached from the Anzac Mounted Division . Lawrence moved two infantry battalions of the 42nd Division from No. 2 Section Canal defences to Kantara , and sent infantry in the 158th ( North Wales ) Brigade of the 53rd ( Welsh ) Division to Romani on 20 July . 
 The deployments on 3 August on and near the battlefield were as follows : 
 at Hill 70 , 12 miles ( 19 km ) from Romani , the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade ( less the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiment , but with the 2nd Light Horse Brigade 's 5th Light Horse Regiment , temporarily attached ) , commanded by Edward Chaytor , and the 5th Mounted Brigade , under the direct command of Lawrence , were joined on the railway by infantry in the 126th ( East Lancashire ) Brigade ( 42nd Division ) . Together with the 5th Light Horse Regiment , attached to the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade at Dueidar , to the east of Hill 70 , this force was to stop or delay von Kressenstein 's attack should he attempt to bypass Romani and advance directly towards the Suez Canal , 
 at Hill 40 , infantry from the 125th ( Lancashire Fusiliers ) Brigade and the 127th ( Manchester ) Brigade ( 42nd Division ) were also on the railway line at Gilban Station , 
 the Mobile Column was based in the Sinai at the end of the El Ferdan railway , while the 3rd Light Horse Brigade was at Ballybunion , also in the Sinai at the end of the Ballah railway . 
 The force at Romani , responsible for its defence when the battle began , consisted of infantry from the British 52nd ( Lowland ) Division , commanded by Major General W. E. B. Smith , and the Anzac Mounted Division commanded by Chauvel ( less the 3rd Light Horse Brigade ) . The 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades , ( less the 5th Light Horse Regiment , but with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade 's Wellington Mounted Rifle Regiment attached ) were commanded by Lieutenant Colonels J. B. H Meredith and J. R. Royston respectively . 
 
 = = = Development of defensive positions = = = 
 
 Infantry from the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division joined the two mounted brigades at Romani between 11 May and 4 June , when the development of the railway made it possible to transport and supply such a large number of soldiers . The infantry occupied a defensive position known as Wellington Ridge , facing a tangle of sand dunes . The area favoured defence ; sand dunes , stretching about 6 miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) inland , covered an area of 30 square miles ( 78 km2 ) , including , to the south of Romani , the northern route from El Arish . On the southern and south eastern edges , a series of dunes of shifting sand with narrow sloping lanes led to a tableland of deep soft sand . 
 The 52nd ( Lowland ) Division developed a strong defensive position at Romani which had its left flank on the Mediterranean Sea , here a series of redoubts were built running southwards from Mahamdiyah along the line of high sand hills about 7 miles ( 11 km ) to a dune known as Katib Gannit 100 feet ( 30 m ) high . This line of sand hills , which were high enough to see Katia oasis from , marked the eastern edge of an area of very soft and shifting sand beyond which were lower dunes and harder sand where movement by both infantry and mounted forces was considerably easier . Between the shore at the western end of the Bardawil Lagoon and Katib Gannit ( the principal tactical point on the eastern slopes of the Romani heights ) , the infantry constructed a line of 12 redoubts about 750 yards ( 690 m ) apart , with a second series of redoubts covering the Romani railway station and the right of the defensive position which curved like a hook westward , then northward . A total of 18 redoubts were constructed , which when fully garrisoned held from 40 to 170 rifles each , with Lewis guns and an average of two Vickers machine guns allotted to each position ; they were well wired on the right side of each of the positions , although there was no wire between the redoubts . This defensive line was supported by artillery . 
 The threat of an Ottoman attack towards the Suez Canal had been considered by Lawrence in consultation with his divisional commanders , and a second defensive area was developed to address their concerns . Their plans took into account the possibility of an Ottoman army at Katia moving to attack Romani or following the old caravan route to assault Hill 70 and Dueidar on their way to the Suez Canal . Any attempt to bypass Romani on the right flank would be open to attack from the garrison , which could send out infantry and mounted troops on the hard ground in the plain to the south @-@ west . The New Zealand Mounted Rifle Brigade was stationed at Hill 70 at the end of June and the 5th Light Horse Regiment at Dueidar to prevent such an Ottoman force from reaching the Suez Canal . 
 
 = = = Light Horse patrols before the battle = = = 
 
 Active patrolling by mounted troops continued throughout the period leading up to the battle , but by early July , there were no indications of any imminent resumption of hostilities . The nearest Ottoman garrison of 2 @,@ 000 men was at Bir el Mazar 42 miles ( 68 km ) east of Romani , and on 9 July , a patrol found Bir Salmana unoccupied . However , greatly increased aerial activity over the Romani area began about 17 July , when faster and better @-@ climbing German aircraft quickly established superiority over British aircraft . But they could not stop British aircraft from continuing to reconnoitre the country to the east , and on 19 July , a British aircraft , with Brigadier General E. W. C. Chaytor ( commander of the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade ) acting as observer , discovered an Ottoman force of about 2 @,@ 500 at Bir Bayud . A slightly smaller force was detected at Gameil and another similar sized force was found at Bir el Abd with about 6 @,@ 000 camels seen at the camps or moving between Bir el Abd and Bir Salmana . The next morning , 3 @,@ 000 men were found to be entrenched at Mageibra , with an advance depot for supplies and stores at Bir el Abd . A small force was spotted as far forward as the oasis of Oghratina , which by the next day , 21 July , had grown to 2 @,@ 000 men . 
 On 20 July , the 2nd Light Horse Brigade with two guns mounted on ped @-@ rails of the Ayrshire Battery demonstrated against Oghratina , capturing several prisoners , and beginning a series of patrols which , together with the 1st Light Horse Brigade , they continued until the eve of battle . Every day until 3 August , these two brigades alternated riding out from their base at Romani towards Katia at about 02 : 00 and bivouacking until dawn , at which time they advanced on a wide front until German or Ottoman fire was provoked . If the enemy position was weak , the light horse pushed forward , and if a counterattack began , the brigade retired slowly , thereafter to return to camp at Romani at nightfall . The following day , the other brigade carried out similar manoeuvres in the direction of Katia and the advancing Ottoman columns , picking up the officers patrols which had been left out during the night to monitor enemy movements . During this period , one of many clashes occurred on 28 July at Hod Um Ugba , 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) from the British line . Two squadrons of the Wellington Mounted Rifle Regiment , commanded by Lieutenant Colonel W. Meldrum , made a bayonet assault , supported by several machine guns and two 18 @-@ pounder guns . They drove the Ottomans from the Hod , leaving 16 dead and taking eight prisoners from the Ottoman 31st Infantry Regiment . 
 The tactic of continuous forward patrolling was so successful that the advancing force 's every move was known to the defenders , but the light horsemen were substantially outnumbered and could not stop the advance . By daylight on 3 August , the German , Austrian and Ottoman force had occupied Katia and were within striking distance of Romani , Dueidar , Hill 70 and the Suez Canal . Their line ran north @-@ east and south @-@ west from the Bardawil Lagoon to east of Katia , with their left flank thrown well forward . 
 
 = = = Plans = = = 
 
 The German and Ottoman objective was not to cross the canal , but to capture Romani and establish a strongly entrenched heavy artillery position opposite Kantara , from which to bombard shipping on the canal . Kress von Kressenstein 's plan for the attack on Romani was to bombard the line of defensive redoubts with heavy artillery and employ only weak infantry detachments against them , while his main force launched attacks against the right and rear of the Romani position . 
 The defenders expected the German and Ottoman attack to be one of containment against their prepared line of defence , and an all @-@ out attack on the right south of Katib Gannit . They also appreciated that such an attack would expose the German and Ottoman left flank . Murray 's plan was to firstly delay the attackers and make it very difficult for them to gain ground south of Katib Gannit , and secondly , only when the German and Ottoman force was totally committed , to then disorganise their flank attack with an attack by Section Troops at Hill 70 and Dueidar , with the 3rd Light Horse Brigade and the Mobile Column operating more widely against the flank and rear . 
 Chauvel had selected a position for the defence of Romani , which stretched for 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) between Katib Gannit and Hod el Enna , with a second fall @-@ back position covering a series of parallel gullies running south @-@ east and north @-@ west giving access to the area of soft sand to the rear of the Romani defences . No visible works were constructed , but together with Chauvel , the commanders of the two light horse brigades , whose task it would be to hold the attackers on this ground until the flank attack could begin , studied the area closely . 
 
 = = Battle on 4 August = = 
 
 Just before midnight on 3 / 4 August , three columns of the German Pasha I and the 4th Ottoman Army , consisting of about 8 @,@ 000 men , began their attack on an outpost line held by the 1st Light Horse Brigade three and a half hours after the return of the 2nd Light Horse Brigade from their regular daytime patrol . In addition to the usual officers patrols left out overnight to monitor the enemy 's positions , Chauvel decided to leave out for the night the whole of the 1st Light Horse Brigade to hold an outpost line of about 3 miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) , covering all entrances to the sandhill plateau which formed the Romani position and which were not protected by infantry posts . A shot or two fired out in the desert to the south @-@ east of their position put the long piquet line of the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Regiment ( 1st Light Horse Brigade ) on alert about midnight , when the 3rd Light Horse Regiment ( 1st Light Horse Brigade ) was called up to the front line . The Austrian , German and Ottoman advance paused after finding the gullies held by the light horsemen , but at about 01 : 00 , a sudden heavy burst of fire along the whole front began the attack of the considerably superior Ottoman and German forces , and by 02 : 00 they had in many places advanced to within 50 yards ( 46 m ) of the Australian line . 
 The Ottoman centre and left columns were skilfully led round the open flank of the infantry 's entrenchments and on towards the camp and railway . After the moon had set at around 02 : 30 , the Germans and Ottomans made a bayonet charge on Mount Meredith . Although vastly outnumbered , the light horsemen fought an effective delaying action at close quarters , but were forced to relinquish ground slowly and to ultimately evacuate the position by 03 : 00 . Without the benefit of moon light , the light horsemen had fired at the flashes of the enemy 's rifles until they were close enough to use bayonets . The 1st Light Horse Brigade was eventually forced back ; withdrawing slowly , troop covering troop with steady accurate fire , staving off a general attack with the bayonet to their fall @-@ back position ; a large east / west sand dune called Wellington Ridge at the southern edge of the Romani encampment . During the retirement to Wellington Ridge , the covering squadrons on the left near Katib Gannit were also attacked , as was the squadron on the right , which was taken in the flank and suffered considerable loss , but managed to hold its ground until the position in its rear was occupied . By 03 : 30 , all light horsemen south of Mount Meredith had been forced back to their led horses and had succeeded in disengaging and falling back to their second position . Soon after , an Ottoman machine gun was shooting down on the light horse from Mount Meredith . 
 Chauvel had relied on the steadiness of the 1st Light Horse Brigade , which he had commanded during the Gallipoli campaign , to hold the line against greatly superior numbers for four hours until dawn , when the general situation could be assessed . Daylight revealed the weakness of the light horse defenders in their second position on Wellington Ridge and that their right was outflanked by strong German and Ottoman forces . At 04 : 30 , the 2nd Light Horse Brigade , commanded by Colonel J. R. Royston , was ordered up by Chauvel from Etmaler and went into action in front of Mount Royston to support and prolong the 1st Light Horse Brigade 's right flank by moving up the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments into the front line . German , Austrian or Ottoman artillery now opened fire on the infantry defences and camps in the rear ; shrapnel inflicted some losses , but the high explosive shells were smothered by the soft sand . The attackers succeeded in forcing the light horse off Wellington Ridge , which placed them within 700 metres ( 2 @,@ 300 ft ) of the Romani camp . However , they were unable to press further , as they now became exposed to machine gun and rifle fire from the entrenched infantry of the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division , and shelling from the horse artillery supporting the light horsemen 's determined defence . 
 Having been held south of Romani , the German and Ottoman force attempted a further outflanking manoeuvre to the west , concentrating 2 @,@ 000 troops around Mount Royston another sand dune , south @-@ west of Romani . At 05 : 15 , the Ottoman 31st Infantry Regiment pushed forward ; then the 32nd and the 39th Infantry Regiments swung around the left and into the British rear . This outflanking movement was steadily progressing along the slopes of Mount Royston and turning the right of the 2nd Light Horse Brigade , whose third regiment , the Wellington Mounted Rifles , was now also committed to the front line . 
 The two brigades of light horse continued to gradually withdraw , pivoting on the extreme right of the infantry position , which covered the left flank and rear of Romani . They were pushed back between Wellington Ridge and Mount Royston , about 2 @.@ 25 miles ( 3 @.@ 62 km ) west of the former ; the attackers continually forcing back their right flank . Between 05 : 00 and 06 : 00 , they were compelled to also retire slowly from this ridge , although the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiment ( 2nd Light Horse Brigade ) still held the western edge . At 06 : 15 , Meredith was ordered to withdraw the 1st Light Horse Brigade behind the line occupied by the 7th Light Horse Regiment north of Etmaler camp . At 07 : 00 , the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments retired , squadron by squadron , from the remainder of Wellington Ridge . By about 08 : 00 , German , Austrian and Ottoman fire from the ridge top was directed into the camp only a few hundred yards away , but the Ayrshire and Leicester Batteries quickly stopped this artillery attack . 
 It became apparent that the German and Ottoman right column , ( 31st Infantry Regiment ) was attempting a frontal attack on redoubts held by infantry in the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division . The defenders were able to hold on , but were subjected to severe artillery shelling during the day . Frontal attacks began with heavy German or Austrian fire by their artillery which attempted to breach the infantry defensive line . About 08 : 00 , attacks were being made on Numbers 4 and 5 redoubts which began with heavy artillery fire , but the attacks broke completely when the 31st Ottoman Infantry Regiment were within 150 yards ( 140 m ) of No. 4 redoubt ; subsequent attempts were less successful . At about 10 : 00 , Chauvel contacted Brigadier General E. S. Girdwood , commanding 156th Infantry Brigade , requesting his brigade temporarily relieve the light horse brigades until they had watered their horses in preparation for a mounted counterattack . Girdwood refused because his brigade was being held in reserve to support an intended attack eastward by infantry in the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division . 
 The light horse had gradually withdrawn back until , at about 11 : 00 , the main German and Ottoman attack was stopped by well directed fire from the Royal Horse Artillery batteries of the Anzac Mounted Division and by light horse rifle and machine gun fire , to which the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division contributed considerable firepower . The attackers appeared to have exhausted themselves , but they held their ground while Austrian and Ottoman artillery of various calibres , including 5 @.@ 9 " and 10 @.@ 5 cm guns , fired on the defenders and their camps , and German and Ottoman aircraft severely bombed the defenders . The three columns of the German , Austrian and Ottoman attacking force were brought to a standstill by the coordinated , concerted and determined defence of the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades and the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division . 
 The Ottoman advance was at a standstill everywhere . After a long night 's march , the German and Ottoman troops faced a difficult day under the desert sun without being able to replenish their water and exposed to artillery fire from Romani . At this time , the attacking forces held a line running from the Bardawil ( on the Mediterranean coast ) southward along the front of the 52nd Infantry Division 's entrenchments and then westward through and including the very large sand dunes of Mount Meredith and Mount Royston . But from their position on Mount Royston , the German , Austrian and Ottoman force dominated the camp area of Romani and threatened the railway line . 
 
 = = = Reinforcements = = = 
 
 Chaytor , commander of the New Zealander Mounted Rifles Brigade , had been advised of the Austrian , German and Ottoman advance against Romani at 02 : 00 . By 05 : 35 , Lawrence at his headquarters of the Northern No. 3 Canal Defences Sector at Kantara , had been informed of the developing attack . He recognised that the main blow was falling on Romani and ordered the 5th Mounted Yeomanry Brigade at Hill 70 to move towards Mount Royston . They were led by a Composite Regiment , which moved off at once , the remainder of the brigade preparing to follow . At 07 : 25 , Lawrence ordered the New Zealand Mounted Rifle Brigade consisting of brigade headquarters and the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiment ( less the Auckland Mounted Rifles and the attached 5th Light Horse Regiments , 2nd Light Horse Brigade ) , to move towards Mount Royston via Dueidar and there , pick up the Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment . The Yeomanry and New Zealand brigades had both been stationed at Hill 70 , 12 miles ( 19 km ) from Romani , when their orders to move were received . The New Zealanders were to " operate vigorously so as to cut off the enemy , who appears to have got round the right of the Anzac Mounted Division . " 
 Meanwhile , the 3rd Light Horse Brigade at Ballybunion was directed to move forward to Hill 70 and send one regiment to Dueidar , while the Mobile Column was ordered by GHQ to march towards Mageibra . 
 
 = = = Mount Royston counterattack = = = 
 
 The German , Austrian and Ottoman attack on Mount Royston was checked to the north by the 3rd and 6th Light Horse Regiments ( 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades ) , and under constant bombardment from the horse artillery and the infantry 's heavy artillery of the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division . At 10 : 00 , the front held by the two light horse brigades faced south from a point 700 yards ( 640 m ) northwest of No. 22 Redoubt north of Wellington Ridge to the sand hills north of Mount Royston . As the line had fallen back , the 2nd and 3rd Light Horse Regiments ( 1st Light Horse Brigade ) had come in between the 6th and 7th Light Horse Regiments ( 2nd Light Horse Brigade ) ; from right to left , the line was now held by the 6th , 3rd , 2nd and 7th Light Horse and the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiments , while 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) north north @-@ west of Mount Royston , " D " Squadron of the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars ( a regiment in the 5th Mounted Brigade ) held its ground . 
 The plan called for the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades , the 5th Mounted and the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades to swing round the attackers ' left flank and envelop them . The first reinforcements to arrive were the Composite Regiment of the 5th Mounted Brigade ; they came up on the flank of their mounted regiment ; the Royal Gloucestershire Hussars ' " D " Squadron 1 @,@ 500 yards ( 1 @,@ 400 m ) west of Mount Royston , which was being attacked by a strong body of Ottoman soldiers . The regiment attacked the Ottomans in enfilade and forced them back . 
 When the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade 's headquarters and the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiments were within 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) of Dueidar on the old caravan road , they were ordered to move directly to Canterbury Hill , the last defensible position in front of the railway , east of Pelusium Station , as the strong German and Ottoman attack was threatening to take the railway and Romani . The Auckland Mounted Rifles Regiment arrived with its brigade between 11 : 00 and 11 : 30 to find the Composite Yeomanry Regiment ( 5th Mounted Yeomanry Brigade ) in contact with the German and Ottoman forces on the south @-@ west side of Mount Royston . 
 The 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades first made contact with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade by heliograph , after which Royston , commanding the 2nd Light Horse Brigade , galloped across to explain the situation . Chaytor then moved the Auckland and Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiments , supported by the Somerset Battery , onto high ground between the right of the light horse and the Yeomanry , which was shortly afterwards joined by the remainder of the 5th Mounted Brigade under the command of Brigadier General Wiggin . At the most critical period of the day 's fighting , when the German and Ottoman force of 2 @,@ 000 dominated the Romani area from Mount Royston , the five mounted brigades ( still less the 5th Light Horse Regiment ) began their counterattack at 14 : 00 from the west towards Mount Royston . 
 The New Zealand riflemen soon gained a footing on Mount Royston , aided by accurate and rapid shooting from the Somerset Royal Horse Artillery Battery . By 16 : 00 , the attack had proceeded to a point where Chaytor arranged with the 5th Mounted Brigade for a squadron of Royal Gloucestershire Hussars and two troops of the Worcestershire Yeomanry to gallop against the southern spur of Mount Royston . They easily took the spur , the defenders not waiting for the onslaught of the mounted charge . From the crest of the spur , the Gloucestershire squadron shot down the horse teams of an Austrian , German or Ottoman battery of pack guns concentrated in the hollow behind the spur , and the attacking force began to surrender . The New Zealand Mounted Rifle and 5th Mounted Brigades were supported by leading infantry battalions of the 127th ( Manchester ) Brigade ( which had just arrived ) when Ottoman and German soldiers began to surrender en masse . At about 18 : 00 , 500 prisoners , two machine guns and the pack battery were captured , and the outer flank of the attacking force was completely routed . 
 Meanwhile , the inner flank of the German and Ottoman force on Wellington Ridge made a last effort to advance across the ridge , but was driven back by artillery fire . Fresh frontal attacks launched against the main British infantry system of redoubts broke down completely . At 17 : 05 , Major General Smith ordered infantry in the 156th ( Scottish Rifles ) Brigade to attack the enemy force on Wellington Ridge on the left of the light horse and in coordination with the counterattack on Mount Royston . An artillery bombardment of Wellington Ridge began at 18 : 45 . Just before 19 : 00 , infantry in the 7th and 8th Cameronians ( Scottish Rifles ) moved south from behind No. 23 Redoubt ; the 8th Scottish Rifles advancing to within 100 yards ( 91 m ) of the crest of Wellington Ridge , before being stopped by heavy rifle fire . 
 When darkness put an end to the fighting , the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades established an outpost line and spent the night on the battlefield , while the New Zealand Mounted Rifles and 5th Mounted Brigades withdrew for water and rations at Pelusium Station , where the newly arrived infantry brigades of the 42nd Division were assembling . The 3rd Light Horse Brigade halted at Hill 70 , while the Mobile Force had reached the Hod el Bada , 14 miles ( 23 km ) south of Romani station . At 19 : 30 , when the New Zealand Mounted Rifle and 5th Mounted Brigades moved from the positions they had won to water and rest at Pelusium , the area was consolidated by infantry in the 127th ( Manchester ) Brigade , 42nd Division . Brigadier General Girdwood ordered infantry in the 7th and 8th Scottish Rifles Battalions to hold their ground on Wellington Ridge until daylight , but to keep close contact with the enemy during the night in the hope of capturing large numbers of tired and disorganised soldiers in the morning . Approximately 1 @,@ 200 unwounded prisoners were captured during the day and sent to the Pelusium railway station . 
 
 = = Battle on 5 August = = 
 
 Within 24 hours , British commanders were able to concentrate a force of 50 @,@ 000 men in the Romani area , a three to one advantage . This force included the two infantry divisions – the 52nd and the newly arrived 42nd – four mounted brigades , two of which had been on active duty since 20 July , and two heavily engaged on the front line the day before , and may have included the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , although it was still at Hill 70 , and the Mobile Column at Hod el Bada . At this time , command of the 5th Mounted Brigade passed from the Anzac Mounted Division to the infantry division ; the 42nd Division , it being suggested that orders required the Anzac Mounted Division to remain in position , and that the 3rd Light Horse Brigade alone was to make a flank attack . 
 However , Lawrence 's orders for a general advance on 5 August beginning at 04 : 00 included an advance by the Anzac Mounted Division . His orders read : 
 Anzac Mounted Division to press forward with its right on the Hod el Enna and its left in close touch with the infantry from the 156th ( Scottish Rifles ) Brigade , 52nd ( Lowland ) Division , advancing on the line Katib Gannit to Mount Meredith . 
 3rd Light Horse Brigade to move towards Bir el Nuss and attack Hod el Enna from the south keeping in close touch with the Anzac Mounted Division . 
 5th Mounted Brigade , under orders of 42nd Infantry Division to assist the 3rd Light Horse Brigade 's link with the Anzac Mounted Division 's right . 
 42nd Division to move on the line Canterbury Hill – Mount Royston – Hod el Enna and drive back any opposition to the advance of the mounted troops in close support of Anzac Mounted Division 's right flank . 
 52nd ( Lowland ) Division to move in close support of Anzac Mounted Division 's left flank towards Mount Meredith and to prepare for a general advance towards Abu Hamra which was not to be undertaken until further orders from Lawrence at No. 3 Section Headquarters . 
 Meanwhile , the German , Austrian and Ottoman force was now spread from Hill 110 almost to Bir en Nuss , but with their left flank unprotected . They could not have been in good shape after fighting all the previous day in intense midsummer heat and having to remain in position overnight , far from water and harassed by British infantry . Their situation was now precarious , as their main attacking force was well past the right of the main British infantry positions ; infantry in the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division was closer to the nearest enemy @-@ controlled water source at Katia than most of the attacking force . Had the British infantry left their trenches promptly and attacked in a south easterly direction , von Kressenstein 's force would have had great difficulty escaping . 
 
 = = = British capture Wellington Ridge = = = 
 
 At daybreak , infantry in the 8th Scottish Rifles , 156th ( Scottish Rifles ) Brigade , 52nd ( Lowland ) Division ) advanced with the 7th Light Horse and the Wellington Mounted Rifles Regiments ( 2nd Light Horse Brigade ) , covered by infantry in the 7th Scottish Rifles , 156th ( Scottish Rifles ) Brigade , 52nd ( Lowland ) Division on the left , who had brought 16 machine guns and Lewis guns into a position from which they could sweep the crest and reverse slopes of Wellington Ridge . The Wellington Mounted Rifle Regiment , with the 7th Light Horse Regiment and supported on the left by Scottish Rifles ' infantry posts , fixed bayonets and stormed Wellington Ridge . They encountered heavy rifle and machine gun fire , but rushed up the sandy slope and quickly broke through the German and Ottoman front line . After clearing Wellington Ridge , the mounted riflemen , light horsemen and infantrymen pressed forward from ridge to ridge without pause . These troops swept down on a body of about 1 @,@ 000 to 1 @,@ 500 Ottoman soldiers , who became demoralised . As a result of this attack , a white flag was hoisted and by 05 : 00 the German and Ottoman soldiers who had stubbornly defended their positions on Wellington Ridge , dominating the camps at Romani , were captured . A total of 1 @,@ 500 became prisoners in the neighbourhood of Wellington Ridge ; 864 soldiers surrendered to infantry in the 8th Scottish Rifles alone , while others were captured by the light horse and mounted rifles regiments . By 05 : 30 , the main German and Ottoman force was in a disorganised retreat towards Katia , with the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades and the Ayrshire and Leicestershire batteries not far behind . At 06 : 00 , a further 119 men surrendered to the infantry in No. 3 Redoubt ; while these prisoners were being dealt with , it became apparent that they were part of a rearguard and that a full retreat was under way . At 06 : 30 , Lawrence ordered Chauvel to take command of all troops and to initiate a vigorous general advance eastwards . 
 
 = = = British advance on Ottoman rearguard at Katia = = = 
 
 Infantry from the 42nd Division had arrived during the battle the day before by train from Hill 70 , Hill 40 and Gilban Station , and along with infantry from the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division , was ordered to move out in support of the mounted Australian , New Zealand and British Yeomanry brigades . The 42nd Division was ordered to advance to Hod el Enna ; their 127th ( Manchester ) Brigade marched out at 07 : 30 and reached Hod el Enna between 09 : 30 and 10 : 00 , while their 125th ( Lancashire Fusiliers ) Brigade arrived at 11 : 15 . They were supported by the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps , which worked with the Army Service Corps to supply them with drinking water . In much distress in the scorching midsummer sands , infantry in the 42nd Division marched very slowly and far in the rear . The 52nd ( Lowland ) Division also experienced difficulties ; although Lawrence ordered the division to move at 06 : 37 , the men did not leave their trenches until nearly midday , reaching their objective of Abu Hamra late in the evening . As a result , Kress von Kressenstein was able to extricate most of his troops and heavy guns from the immediate battle area during the day . Although it has been stated that " British reserves hammered " the Germans and Ottomans to a halt on 5 August , it appears one of the infantry divisions was reluctant to leave their defences ; neither infantry division were trained in desert warfare and found the sand dunes extremely difficult to negotiate . They could not match the pace and endurance of the well @-@ trained German and Ottoman force and were hampered by water supply problems . 
 At 06 : 30 , when Lawrence ordered Chauvel to take command of all mounted troops ( excluding the Mobile Column ) , the New Zealand Mounted Rifles , the 5th Mounted and the 3rd Light Horse Brigades were somewhat scattered . By 08 : 30 , the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade had reached Bir en Nuss ; there they found the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , which had been ordered to move first on Hamisah and then left towards Katia to cooperate in a general attack . The advance guard moved to fulfill these orders at 09 : 00 . At 10 : 30 , the general mounted advance began and by midday , was on a line from west of Bir Nagid to south of Katib Gannit ; in the centre the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade were approaching the south @-@ west edge of the Katia oasis ; on their left the 1st , the 2nd Light Horse , the 5th Mounted Brigades and infantry in the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division were attacking Abu Hamra , to the north of the old caravan road , while the 3rd Light Horse Brigade was away to the New Zealander 's right , south of the old caravan road , attacking German and Ottoman units at Bir el Hamisah . 
 Between 12 : 00 and 13 : 00 , the commanders of the New Zealand Mounted Rifle , 1st and 2nd Light Horse and 5th Mounted Brigades reconnoitred the German , Austrian and Ottoman rearguard position 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) west of Katia . It was decided that the three light horse brigades would advance mounted with the Yeomanry to attack the German and Ottoman right flank . The rearguard force made a very determined stand on a well @-@ prepared line , stretching from Bir El Hamisah to Katia and on to Abu Hamra . Their artillery and machine guns were well placed in the palms fringing the eastern side of a great flat marsh , which stretched right across the front of their position , giving them an excellent field of fire . 
 A general mounted attack commenced at 14 : 30 . By 15 : 30 , the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade and the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades were advancing at the gallop on Katia . When they had reached the edge of the white gypsum , the light horse and mounted rifle brigades formed a line , fixed bayonets , and charged over the exposed country . They galloped in a long line of charging horses , through shell fire and bullets , holding fixed bayonets . On the far left , the intensity of fire from the rearguard , made it necessary for the 5th Mounted Brigade of sword carrying Yeomanry , to send back their horses and advance dismounted . While all the brigades which charged , were eventually forced to attack dismounted also , when the ground became too swampy . They were met by well @-@ directed , heavy German , Austrian and Ottoman artillery fire , which completely outgunned the supporting Ayrshire and Somerset Batteries ; by sunset , the advance of the British Empire mounted brigades had been stopped . The 9th Light Horse Regiment ( 3rd Light Horse Brigade ) on the extreme right was held up by a determined German and Ottoman rearguard and was unable to work round the right flank of that position . But after galloping to within a few hundred yards of the rearguard 's line , they made a dismounted bayonet attack under cover of machine gun fire and the Inverness Battery . As a result , the German and Ottoman force abandoned their position , leaving 425 men and seven machine guns to be captured . But , instead of holding their ground , they drew off , and this withdrawal led to a strong German and Ottoman counterattack falling on the Canterbury Mounted Rifle Regiment . 
 Darkness finally put an end to the battle . During the night , the Germans , Austrians and Ottomans withdrew back to Oghrantina , while the Anzac Mounted Division watered at Romani , leaving a troop of the Auckland Mounted Rifle Regiment as a listening post on the battlefield . 
 The two @-@ day battle for Romani and the Suez Canal had been won by the British infantry and Australian , British and New Zealand mounted troops . They captured approximately 4 @,@ 000 German and Ottoman combatants and killed more than 1 @,@ 200 , but the main enemy force was able to escape with all their artillery , except for one captured battery , and retreat back to Oghratina after fighting a successful rearguard action at Katia . 
 Having borne the burden of the long days of patrolling , reconnaissance and minor engagements with the advancing Austrian , German and Ottoman columns prior to the battle , the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades had alone withstood the attack from midnight on 3 / 4 August until dawn on 4 August , as well as continuing to fight during the long days of battle . By the end of 5 August , they were completely exhausted ; their depleted ranks stumbled back to their bivouac lines at Romani and Etmaler where they were ordered one day 's rest . 
 
 = = Pursuit begins = = 
 
 Von Kressenstein had prepared successive lines of defence during his advance towards Romani , and despite losing one artillery battery and more than one third of his soldiers , fought a series of effective rearguard actions which slowed the pursuit by British Empire mounted troops and enabled his force to retreat back to El Arish . 
 During the night of 5 / 6 August , infantry in the 155th ( South Scottish ) Brigade and 157th ( Highland Light Infantry ) Brigade were at Abu Hamra , the 127th ( Manchester ) Brigade ( 42nd Division ) at Hod el Enna , the 125th ( Lancashire Fusiliers ) Brigade ( 42nd Division ) on its left in touch with the 156th ( Scottish Rifles ) Brigade , ( 52nd Division ) which had its left on Redoubt No. 21 . The next morning , infantry in the 42nd Division was ordered to advance eastwards at 04 : 00 and occupy a line from Bir el Mamluk to Bir Katia , while the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division was to advance from Abu Hamra and prolong the infantry line of the 42nd Division to the north @-@ east . Although they carried out their orders during their two @-@ day march from Pelusium Station to Katia , infantry in the 127th ( Manchester ) Brigade lost 800 men , victims to thirst and the sun ; other infantry brigades suffered similarly . It became clear that the infantry could not go on , and they ceased to be employed in the advance . Indeed , it was necessary for the Bikanir Camel Corps and Yeomanry detachments , as well as the medical services , to search the desert for those who had been left behind . 
 The Mobile Column in the south , consisting of the Imperial Camel Brigade , the 11th Light Horse , and the mounted City of London Yeomanry Regiments ( less two squadrons ) , advanced from Ferdan and the Ballah railhead to attack the German and Ottoman left flank , working through Bir El Mageibra , Bir El Aweidia and Hod El Bayud . They found Mageibra evacuated on 5 August . After camping there for the night , they fought strong hostile forces between Bayud and Mageibra the following day , but could make no impression . Some days later , on 8 August , the Mobile Column did succeed in getting round the Ottoman flank , but was too weak to have any effect and retired to Bir Bayud . 
 
 = = = Advance towards Oghratina – 6 August = = = 
 
 During the previous night , the German and Ottoman force evacuated Katia and was moving towards Oghratina when Chauvel ordered the Anzac Mounted Division to continue the attack . The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigades and the 5th Mounted Brigade were ordered to capture Oghratina . Despite attempts by these two brigades to turn the enemy flank , they were forced to make a frontal attack on strongly entrenched rearguards in positions which favoured the defenders and which were supported by carefully positioned artillery . Meanwhile , the two infantry divisions moved to garrison Katia and Abu Hamra and Lawrence moved his headquarters forward from Kantara to Romani . The 3rd Light Horse Brigade on the right advanced towards Badieh , but could only make small progress , against positions securely held by German and Ottoman forces . 
 The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade had moved out at dawn , followed by the 5th Mounted Brigade without ambulance support , as the New Zealand Field Ambulance had not returned from Romani and the 5th Mounted Field Ambulance had not yet arrived . Fortunately , casualties were light , and both ambulances arrived in the evening . The 3rd Light Horse Field Ambulance , had formed a dressing station at Bir Nagid to the south of Romani , treating wounded from 3rd Light Horse Brigade 's engagement at Bir el Hamisah , a convoy brought in wounded Ottomans from a hod to the south of Romani , and 150 cases of heat exhaustion from infantry in the 42nd Division were treated during the day . 
 We are still pursuing but it has been perforce slow as the horses are done and the enemy , when advancing , entrenched himself at various points … which has enabled him to fight a most masterly rearguard action … As I am moving on , I must close 
 
 = = = Oghratina entered on 7 August = = = 
 
 The same three brigades – one mounted rifle , one light horse and one Yeomanry , with the 10th Light Horse Regiment ( 3rd Light Horse Brigade ) supporting the Yeomanry – moved to attack the German and Ottoman position at Oghratina , but the rearguard position was again found to be too strong . Lacking the support of infantry or heavy artillery , the mounted force was too small to capture this strong rearguard position , but the threat from the mounted advance was enough to force the hostile force to evacuate the position . During the night , the German and Ottoman forces retreated back to Bir el Abd , where they had been three weeks before , on 20 July , when they established a base with a depot for supplies and stores . 
 On 7 August the Greater Bairam ( a feast day celebrating the end of the Islamic year ) coincided with the Egyptian Camel Transport Corps at Romani being ordered to move out with supplies for the advancing troops , but 150 men , most of whom were past the end of their contracts and entitled to be discharged , refused orders to fill their water bottles , draw their rations and saddle up . One man was hit about the head with the butt of a pistol and the dissenters were dispersed into small groups and reassigned to various units in the infantry division ; the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division . 
 
 = = = Debabis occupied on 8 August = = = 
 
 The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade reached Debabis on 8 August . As the 3rd Light Horse Brigade came up , they passed many dead Ottomans and Yeomanry ; one dead Ottoman sniper had a heap of hundreds of rounds of empty cartridge shells beside him . Meanwhile , the Bikanir Camel Corps and a squadron of aircraft continued searching the desert sands for missing men . 
 
 = = Action of Bir el Abd – 9 to 12 August = = 
 
 Chauvel planned , with Lawrence 's approval , to capture the Ottoman rearguard at their forward base of Bir El Abd , 20 miles ( 32 km ) to the east of Romani . The position was strongly held by greatly superior numbers of Germans , Austrians and Ottomans , supported by well @-@ placed artillery , but the garrison was seen burning stores and evacuating camps . 
 Chauvel deployed the Anzac Mounted Division for the advance , with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade in the centre following the telegraph line . On their right , with a gap of 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) , was the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , which was in touch with a small flying column ; the Mobile Column of the City of London Yeomanry , 11th Light Horse Regiments and the Imperial Camel Brigade , which was to again attempt to get round the German and Ottoman left flank and cut off their retreat . The advance of the 3rd Light Horse and the New Zealand Mounted Brigades from Oghratina to Bir el Abd was to begin at daylight on 9 August , with the 5th Mounted Brigade forming the reserve . On the left of the New Zealanders , Royston 's Column ; a composite of the depleted 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades , had gone to Katia to water and had then march through the night to the Hod Hamada 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) north @-@ west of Bir el Abd , where they arrived at 03 : 00 on 9 August . They were to bivouaced for one and a half hours before advancing to a point 2 miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) north @-@ east of Bir el Abd , to cooperate with the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade 's attack on the rearguard position at 06 : 30 . Since the attack , supported by only four horse artillery batteries , was on a prepared position held in superior strength , strong in machine guns , and covered by double the number of guns , including heavy howitzers , it was something of a gamble . The attacking force 's only advantage was its mobility . 
 
 = = = Attack on 9 August = = = 
 
 The 3rd Light Horse Brigade set out to find and turn the German and Ottoman left , while at 04 : 00 the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade headed directly towards Bir el Abd along the old caravan route . By 05 : 00 , they had driven in enemy outposts and reached high ground overlooking Bir el Abd . Royston 's Column moved off at 05 : 00 with the intention of enveloping the Ottoman right , while the New Zealanders attacked in the centre ; the four brigades covering a front of 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) . 
 The forward troops of the German and Ottoman rearguard , which held a front of about 10 miles ( 16 km ) , were driven back to Bir el Abd by the New Zealanders . At this time , the attackers appeared likely to succeed , as they had firmly established themselves across the telegraph line and the old caravan road , supported by the Somerset and Leicester batteries . But the German , Austrian and Ottoman rearguard quickly realised how thin the attacking line was , and at 09 : 00 advanced out of their trenches to counterattack . This aggressive move was only checked by artillery fire from the Somerset Battery effectively combined with fire from machine guns . The subsequent fire fight made it extremely difficult for the mounted riflemen to maintain their position , and on the flanks the light horse were also held up . The German and Ottoman infantry renewed their attack towards a gap between the New Zealanders and the 2nd Light Horse Brigade , but the 5th Light Horse Regiment covered the gap , and the German and Ottoman advance was halted . 
 Chauvel ordered the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , which had been unable to turn the German and Ottoman flank , to move towards the New Zealanders who renewed their efforts , but they only succeeded in exposing their flanks , as the Australians were unable to conform to their forward movement . By 10 : 30 , all progress had stopped . The New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade continued to hold on in the centre , while both flanks were bent back by pressure from the strong German and Ottoman force . The result was that the New Zealanders ended up holding a very exposed salient line on the forward slopes of the hills overlooking the Hod . Fresh German or Ottoman reinforcements from El Arish , then launched a fierce counterattack on a front of about 2 @.@ 5 miles ( 4 @.@ 0 km ) , on the centre . This fell on the Canterbury and Auckland Regiments and a squadron of Warwickshire Yeomanry of the 5th Mounted Brigade under Chaytor 's command . The New Zealanders were supported by machine guns ; one section , attached to the Canterbury Mounted Rifles Regiment , fired all their guns directly on the advancing soldiers , stopping them when they were within 100 yards ( 91 m ) of the New Zealand position . 
 By midday , the advance had been completely held up by determined counterattacks supported by fresh German or Ottoman troops from El Arish . Even more than at Katia on 5 August , these soldiers were more numerous , ready , full of fight and more strongly supported by well @-@ placed Austrian and Ottoman guns delivering both heavy and accurate fire . At this time , the rearguard launched another heavy counterattack with two columns of 5 @,@ 000 and 6 @,@ 000 German and Ottoman soldiers against the Canterbury and Auckland Regiments and the squadron of the Warwickshire Yeomanry . By 14 : 00 , the attack had extended to the mounted force 's left flank where the Ayrshire Battery with Royston 's Column was badly cut up by this fire , losing 39 horses killed and making it extremely difficulty to move the guns . They were forced to retire nearly 1 mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) and the 3rd Light Horse Brigade , after advancing well up on the right flank , was also forced to give ground by the accuracy of enemy shellfire . 
 A further withdrawal by the 3rd Light Horse Brigade made the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade 's position critical and at 17 : 30 , Chauvel gave orders for a general retirement . Disengagement proved to be a challenge ; it was only the tenacity of the New Zealanders and nightfall which saved them from certain capture . At the last , the Machine Gun Squadron had all its guns in line , some of them firing at a range of 100 yards ( 91 m ) ; they were supported by squadrons of the 5th Mounted Brigade , which together , successfully covered the New Zealanders ' withdrawal . 
 After this day of fierce fighting , which has been described as the hardest @-@ fought action of the whole Sinai campaign , the Anzac Mounted Division 's advance was effectively stopped . Chauvel ordered the division to return to water at Oghratina , despite Lawrence 's wish for them to bivouac close to Bir el Abd but Chauvel concluded that his force was in no condition to remain within reach of this strong and aggressive enemy force . Further , the Anzac Mounted Division had lost a significant proportion of their strength ; over 300 casualties , including eight officers and 65 other ranks killed . 
 
 = = = Planned attack for 12 August = = = 
 
 At daylight on 10 August , strong patrols went forward and remained in touch with the force at Bir el Abd throughout the day , but without fresh troops , an attack in force could not be made . 
 No serious fighting took place on 11 August , but von Kressenstein 's force at Bir el Abd was watched and harassed , and plans were made for an attack on 12 August . The advance of the Anzac Mounted Division began at daylight , but soon afterwards , forward patrols reported that the garrison at Bir el Abd was retiring . The mounted force followed the Austrians , Germans and Ottomans as far as Salmana , where another rearguard action delayed the mounted force , as the enemy withdrawal continued back to El Arish . 
 The Anzac Mounted Division 's lines of communication were now fully extended , and the difficulties of supplying the mounted troops from Romani made it impossible for the British Empire mounted force to consider any further advance at that time . Arrangements were made to hold and garrison the country decisively won by this series of indecisive engagements , from Katia eastwards to Bir El Abd . 
 Von Kressenstein succeeded in withdrawing his battered force from a potentially fatal situation ; both his advance to Romani and the withdrawal were remarkable achievements of planning , leadership , staff work and endurance . 
 
 = = = Casualties = = = 
 
 According to the Australian official medical history , the total British Empire casualties were : 
 Other sources put the total killed at 202 , with all casualties at 1 @,@ 130 , of whom 900 were from the Anzac Mounted Division . 
 Ottoman Army casualties have been estimated to have been 9 @,@ 000 ; 1 @,@ 250 were buried after the battle and 4 @,@ 000 were taken prisoner . 
 Casualties were cared for by medical officers , stretcher bearers , camel drivers and sand @-@ cart drivers who worked tirelessly , often in the firing line , covering enormous distances in difficult conditions and doing all they could to relieve the suffering of the wounded . The casualties were transported on cacolets on camels or in sand @-@ carts back to the field ambulances , as the heavy sand made it impossible to use motor- or horse @-@ drawn ambulances . Between 4 and 9 August , the Anzac Mounted Division 's five field ambulances brought in 1 @,@ 314 patients , including 180 enemy wounded . 
 The evacuation by train from Romani was carried out in a manner which caused much suffering and shock to the wounded . It was not effected till the night of August 6 – the transport of prisoners of war being given precedence over that of the wounded – and only open trucks without straw were available . The military exigencies necessitated shunting and much delay , so that five hours were occupied on the journey of twenty @-@ five miles . It seemed a cruel shame to shunt a train full of wounded in open trucks , but it had to be done . Every bump in our springless train was extremely painful . 
 In the absence of orders coordinating evacuation from the field ambulances , the Assistant Director of Medical Services ( ADMS ) made their own arrangements . The ADMS , Anzac Mounted Division arranged with his counterparts in the two infantry divisions to set up a clearing station at the railhead 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) beyond Romani . This station was formed from medical units of the Anzac Mounted , the 42nd and the 52nd ( Lowland ) Divisions . With no orders from No. 3 Section Headquarters as to the method of evacuation of casualties of the three divisions , prisoners of war were transported back to Kantara by train before the wounded , generating amongst all ranks a feeling of resentment and distrust towards the higher command which lasted for a long time . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 The Battle of Romani was the first large @-@ scale mounted and infantry victory by the British Empire in the First World War . It occurred at a time when the Allied nations had experienced nothing but defeat , in France , at Salonika and at the capitulation of Kut in Mesopotamia . The battle has been widely acknowledged as a strategic victory and a turning point in the campaign to restore Egypt 's territorial integrity and security , and marked the end of the land campaign against the Suez Canal . 
 Romani was the first decisive victory attained by British Land Forces and changed the whole face of the campaign in that theatre , wresting as it did from the enemy , the initiative which he never again obtained . It also made the clearing of his troops from Egyptian territory a feasible proposition . 
 This series of successful British infantry and mounted operations resulted in the complete defeat of the 16 @,@ 000 to 18 @,@ 000 strong German , Austrian and Ottoman force , about half of whom were killed or wounded , and nearly 4 @,@ 000 taken prisoner . Also captured were a mountain gun battery of four heavy guns , nine machine guns , a complete camel @-@ pack machine gun company , 2 @,@ 300 rifles and a million rounds of ammunition , two complete field hospitals with all instruments , fittings and drugs , while a great quantity of stores in the supply depot at Bir el Abd was destroyed . All the captured arms and equipment were made in Germany , and the camel @-@ pack machine gun company 's equipment had been especially designed for desert warfare . Many of the rifles were of the latest pattern and made of rustless steel . Murray estimated the total German and Ottoman casualties at about 9 @,@ 000 , while a German estimate put the loss at one third of the force ( 5 @,@ 500 to 6 @,@ 000 ) , which seems low considering the number of prisoners . 
 The tactics employed by the Anzac Mounted Division were to prove effective throughout the coming campaigns in the Sinai and in the Levant ( also known at the time as Palestine ) . The key to the mounted rifles and light horse 's approach was to quickly move onto tactical ground and then to effectively operate as infantry once dismounted . In defence , the artillery and machine guns wrought havoc on enemy attacks , and during the mounted advance , they covered and supported the British Empire mounted force . 
 This battle was fought under extreme conditions in the Sinai desert in midsummer heat over many days , causing much suffering to man and beast and demanding tenacity and endurance on the part of all who took part . 
 The battle of Romani marked the end of the German and Ottoman campaign against the Suez Canal ; the offensive had passed decisively into the hands of the British Empire force led by the Anzac Mounted Division . After the battle , von Kressenstein 's force was pushed back across the Sinai Peninsula , to be beaten at the Battle of Magdhaba in December 1916 and back to the border of Ottoman Empire @-@ controlled Palestine to be defeated at the Battle of Rafa in January 1917 , which effectively secured the Egyptian Sinai Peninsula . This successful , seven @-@ month @-@ long British Empire campaign , begun at Romani in August , ended at the First Battle of Gaza in March 1917 . 
 
 = = = Some criticisms = = = 
 
 The Battle of Romani has , however , been surrounded with controversy and criticism . It has been suggested that , like the attack on the Suez Canal in 1915 , it was merely a raid to disrupt maritime traffic rather than a determined attempt to gain control of the canal . That the Ottoman Empire 's intention was to strongly occupy Romani and Kantara is supported by preparations in the southern territory of Palestine adjacent to , and extending into , the Sinai . These included extending the Palestine railway system to Wadi El Arish , with a good motor road beside the railway . Cisterns and other works were constructed along this route to store water and at Wadi El Arish , enormous rock cut reservoirs were under construction in December 1916 when the Anzac Mounted Division reached that place just before the Battle of Magdhaba . 
 Murray , Lawrence and Chauvel have all been criticised for letting von Kressenstein 's force escape . Further , it has been asserted that the tactics of the mounted troops actually helped the enemy withdrawal by concentrating on direct assaults rather than flank attacks . The official British historian acknowledges the disappointment caused by the successful retirement of the German , Austrian and Ottoman force but he also notes the quality of the successive rearguard positions constructed during the advance , and the strength , determination and endurance of the enemy . The strength of the rearguards was clearly demonstrated at Bir el Abd on 9 August , when the mounted force attempted to outflank the large entrenched force . They failed because they were greatly outnumbered . Indeed , if the Anzac Mounted Division had succeeded in getting round the flank without infantry support , they would have been faced with vastly superior forces and could have been annihilated . 
 It has been suggested that an opportunity was lost on 5 August to encircle and capture the invading Austrian , German and Ottoman force when it was allowed to withdraw to Katia . The infantry 's difficulties regarding the supply of water and camel transport combined with their lack of desert training , together with Lawrence 's confusing orders for infantry in the 52nd ( Lowland ) Division to move south and east , stopped them from promptly advancing to cut off the retreating force in the early hours of the second day 's battle . General Lawrence was criticised for taking a grave and unnecessary risk by relying on just one entrenched infantry division and two light horse brigades to defend Romani . That the strong enemy attack on the 1st and 2nd Light Horse Brigades during the first night 's battle pushed them so far back that the planned flanking attack by the New Zealand Mounted Rifles Brigade became almost a frontal attack . Lawrence was also faulted for remaining at his headquarters at Kantara , which was considered to be too far from the battlefield , and that this contributed to his loss of control of the battle during the first day , when the telephone line was cut and he was out of contact with Romani . Lawrence was also criticised for not going forward to supervise the execution of his orders on 5 August , when there was a failure to coordinate the movements of the 3rd Light Horse Brigade and the Mobile Column . 
 Chauvel responded by pointing out that the criticisms of the battle were in danger of obscuring the significance of the victory . 
 
 = = = Awards = = = 
 
 Murray lavished praise on the Anzac Mounted Division in cables to the Governors General of Australia and New Zealand and in his official despatch and in letters to Robertson , writing : 
 Every day they show what an indispensable part of my forces they are ... I cannot speak too highly of the gallantry , steadfastness and untiring energy shown by this fine division throughout the operations ... These Anzac troops are the keystone of the defence of Egypt . 
 But he failed to ensure the fighting qualities of these soldiers earned them a proportionate share of recognition and honours . Further , despite claims that Chauvel alone had a clear view of the battle , that his coolness and skill were crucial in gaining the victory , his name was omitted from the long list of honours published on New Year 's Day 1917 . Murray did offer Chauvel a lesser award ( a Distinguished Service Order ) for Romani which he declined . 
 On reading Murray 's description in his official despatch covering the battle , and reprinted in a Paris edition of the ' Daily Mail ' , Chauvel wrote to his wife on 3 December 1916 @,@  
 I am afraid my men will be very angry when they see it . I cannot understand why the old man cannot do justice to those to whom he owed so much and the whole thing is so absolutely inconsistent with what he had already cabled . 
 It was not until after the victory at the Battle of Rafa that Chauvel was made a Knight Commander of the Order of St Michael and St George , but this particular order is awarded for important non @-@ military service in a foreign country . It was not just his military service at Romani which had not been recognised , but also the service of all those who fought in the Anzac Mounted Division at Romani , at El Arish , at Magdhaba and at Rafa . In September 1917 , not long after General Edmund Allenby became Commander in Chief of the Egyptian Expeditionary Force , Chauvel wrote to GHQ to point out the injustice done to his front @-@ line troops , acknowledging that it was " difficult to do anything now to right this , but consider the Commander @-@ in @-@ Chief should know that there is a great deal of bitterness over it . " 
 
 
 = The Litigators = 
 
 The Litigators is a 2011 legal thriller novel by John Grisham , his 25th fiction novel overall . The Litigators is about a two @-@ partner Chicago law firm attempting to strike it rich in a class action lawsuit over a cholesterol reduction drug by a major pharmaceutical drug company . The protagonist is a Harvard Law School grad big law firm burnout who stumbles upon the boutique and joins it only to find himself litigating against his old law firm in this case . The book is regarded as more humorous than most of Grisham 's prior novels . 
 The theme of a young lawyer being fed up with a giant law firm and bolting away to less lucrative but more satisfying career is shared with " The Associate " . The theme of a lawsuit against a giant corporation appeared in " The Runaway Jury " - but in the present book , the corporation is vindicated and proven to have been unjustly maligned ( at least on the specific drug which is the subject of the lawsuit ) and the mass tort lawyers are seen as greedy and unscrupulous , ultimately bolting and leaving the protagonist 's tiny Chicago firm in the lurch . 
 Critical reviews were mixed for the book , with several opinions noting a lack of suspense . Nonetheless , the book has achieved both hardcover and ebook # 1 best seller status on various lists , including both The New York Times and The Wall Street Journal . However , since some services do not separate fiction and non @-@ fiction books , it did not debut as a # 1 bestseller on certain lists , such as the USA Today . Some reviewers noted that this story would lend itself to an adapted screenplay . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Having sold 250 million copies of his previous 24 novels in 29 languages , Grisham had produced an international bestseller with each prior book . Including the release of The Litigators , Grisham has produced 23 adult fiction novels and 2 children 's fiction novels as well as a short story collection . In addition , he has produced one non @-@ fiction book . Thus , various sources claim this to be his 23rd , 25th , or 26th book . 
 In the first of a two @-@ part interview with The Wall Street Journal , Grisham claimed that although he usually attempts to include humor in his submitted drafts , it is usually removed during the editorial process . However , in this case much of the humor survived editing . In the second part of the interview the following week , Grisham noted that his inspirations for the book included television advertisements and the Deepwater Horizon oil spill . 
 
 = = Publication = = 
 
 Leading book retailers such as Amazon.com , Barnes & Noble , and Walmart released the book in hardcover format in the United States as a Doubleday publication on October 25 , 2011 . In the United Kingdom , the book was published with different cover art by Hodder & Stoughton on the same date . Random House published the paperback version on June 26 , 2012 . 
 The book is also available as an audiobook , narrated by Scott Brick , and in ebook format . Other formats available on October 25 , included large @-@ print , compact disc and abridged compact disc . A limited edition will be available on November 22 , 2011 . An excerpt from the book was included in some editions including the iTunes Store edition of The Confession , which was his prior adult novel . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Oscar Finley and Wally Figg are the bickering partners of a small law firm in the South Side of Chicago . Oscar 's character holds the firm together despite the childish and unethical behavior of Wally , his junior partner . Their bickering is often mediated by Rochelle , the highly competent African American secretary , who had learned a lot of law in he eight years in the office . Meanwhile David Zinc , a graduate of the Harvard Law School , is completely fed up with the grinding and dehumanizing - though well @-@ paid - life of an Associate in the giant law firm of Rogan Rothberg , where in five years of work he had never seen the inside of a courtroom . He suddenly breaks away , goes on a drinking binge and by chance finds himself at the Finley & Figg office . Feeling an elevating sense of freedom and vowing never to go back , Zink willingly relegates himself to working for the two disreputable street lawyers and ambulance chasers . 
 While Wally goes to a funeral home to attend the wake of a former estate client , the client 's son claims that his father was killed by Krayoxx , a cholesterol @-@ lowering drug developed by the fictional pharmaceutical company Varrick Labs . Ecstatic at the possible monetary returns on the case , the firm finds several former clients who appear to have valid claims about Krayoxx . Oscar and Wally generate publicity in the Chicago Tribune with a picture of their filing ; this induces an avalanche of communications and leads them to several additional claimants . 
 Wally notices a blossoming class action lawsuit against Varrick Labs in Florida , and realizes that if he can find some patients to sign as clients , he can earn a big payday on another firm 's coattails . However , some complications make the story interesting . Although none of the three Finley & Figg lawyers had previously argued in United States federal court , that is where they find themselves pitted against Zinc 's old firm with this case . In fact , David 's expertise was in long @-@ term bonds . 
 Once the firm 's claims become prominent , mass tort operators approach them about being part of a mass settlement . Wally flies to Las Vegas to meet the other mass tort interests , most notably Jerry Alisandros . Varrick 's CEO flies to Chicago to meet Nadine Karros , a leading defense attorney , who works for Rogan Rothberg . Believing that they can get federal judge Harry Seawright to claim jurisdiction , Karros is chosen for her firms ' ties to him and her expertise . The case is soon expedited on Seawright 's docket with Finley & Figg 's claim singled out of the tort claimants and Karros takes action to have Finley & Figg 's eight death cases heard separately . Eventually , Alisandros learns that tests of Krayoxx yield benign results . Oscar and his wife , Paula , are often at odds , and as a large settlement looms , he attempts to divorce her and cash out . After settlement talks break down with Varrick , Alisandros withdraws as co @-@ counsel and Finley & Figg motions to withdraw their claims . 
 Once at Finley & Figg , Zinc stumbles upon a lead poisoning brain damage case involving Burmese immigrants . He expends his own time and resources on their case . He also succeeds in representing immigrants in a labor law case . During the labor case , the employer attempted to have Finley & Figg 's offices burned down and the would @-@ be arsonist stumbled upon Oscar at the office . Oscar shot him and added an unnecessary debilitating shot that shattered his leg . He was sued for using excessive force . 
 With Varrick having spent 18 million dollars defending itself and the mass tort bar having vociferously discredited Krayoxx in the mass media , Karros motioned for frivolous lawsuit sanctions pending a withdrawn motion . Additionally , actions were initiated for legal malpractice regarding Wally 's letters that promised 2 million dollar settlement followed by motions to dismiss without notifying his clients . After realizing that they could be sued for defense costs and malpractice for withdrawing the case , Finley & Figg withdraw their motions and agree to a jury trial that they believe to be futile . The trial opens as originally scheduled . During opening statements , Oscar suffered a myocardial infarction . Wally attempted to make light of the situation by proclaiming it an example of Krayoxx effects . Karros moved for mistrial and the motion was granted , leading to the need to pick a new jury . Wally stood in for Oscar as lead attorney while a new jury was seated and for the first day of testimony . The next day , the recovering alcoholic Figg was nowhere to be found although an empty pint bottle of Smirnoff Vodka was . After Wally was AWOL for a second day , David was pressed into service . Rueben Massey , Varrick 's CEO , instructed Karros not to move for likely @-@ successful summary judgment . Zinc declined to cross @-@ examine the first handful of expert witnesses that Varrick called , Eventually , Zinc discredited Varrick 's clinical trials during cross @-@ examination of the final expert witness . Nonetheless , the jury rendered a very quick not guilty verdict . 
 Zinc continued to pursue the lead poisoning product liability case . He settled the case for $ 6 @.@ 5 million ( including $ 1 @.@ 5 million in legal fees ) . David returns to the office and tells Oscar and Wally of his settlement . He tells them of his plan to split his earnings evenly with them . In return the three of them are to sign a 12 @-@ month contract to enter an equal partnership and will no longer be an ambulance @-@ chasing firm . Oscar and Wally agree to the new contract . Later that year the partnership fell apart . Finley began spending less time in the office and eventually retired a happy man , Figg packed up and moved to Alaska , and Zinc opened his own product liability practice , David E. Zinc , Attorney @-@ at @-@ Law and hired Rochelle as his new secretary . 
 
 = = = List of characters = = = 
 
 Oscar Finley , Finley & Figg Senior Partner - A lazy , unhappily married , nearing retirement " fender @-@ benders , slip @-@ and @-@ falls and quickie divorces veteran " and former police officer , who took the bar exam three times . 
 Wally Figg , Finley & Figg Junior Partner - A former DUI convictee and four @-@ time divorcé who trolls funeral parlors and sickrooms for clients . A University of Chicago Law School grad who took the bar exam three times . 
 David Zinc , Finley & Figg Associate attorney - Prototypical Grisham young hot shot Harvard graduate lawyer whose life is turned upside down . 
 Rochelle Gibson , Finley & Figg secretary - Former claimant against Finley & Figg who holds the firm together . 
 Nadine Karros , Defendant 's leading litigator recruited by Varrick . 
 Harry Seawright , federal judge . 
 DeeAnna Nuxhall , repeat Finley & Figg divorce customer and eventual love interest of Wally 's 
 Jerry Alisandros , mass tort operator who brings F & F into his firm 's fold . 
 Paula Finley , Oscar 's wife 
 Rueben Massey , CEO Varrick . 
 Helen , David 's wife 
 Anderson Zinc , David 's father ( Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Minnesota ) ( per Ch . 15 ) 
 Caroline Zinc , David 's mother ( art and photography teacher ) ( per Ch . 15 ) 
 Lana , David 's secretary 
 
 = = Critical review = = 
 
 The Litigators is said to be " an amusing and appalling look into the machinations of a nationwide class @-@ action suit , " according to Tobin Harshaw of Bloomberg L.P. The Wall Street Journal 's Christopher John Farley noted that the book is lighter than Grisham 's other works . Publishers Weekly called it a " bitingly farcical look at lawyers at the bottom of the food chain " . CNN described the book as an original perspective of " the best and worst the American system of justice has to offer " . Louis Bayard of The Washington Post , who described himself as someone who abandoned Grisham after his first three novels , noted that this book might be a good starting point for those who have tired of Grisham . Andrea Simakis of The Plain Dealer describes the book as a " heartier meal " than Grisham 's usual " potato @-@ chip fiction " . Publishers Weekly also notes that the fairy tale ending is not really in keeping with the introduction 's dark humor . Rick Arthur of The United Arab Emirates publication The National describes the book unfavorably as a cross between prior Grisham works The Street Lawyer and The King of Torts and similarly describes the protagonist unfavorably to those of The Firm and The Rainmaker . Geoffrey Wansell of the Daily Mail presented one of the more favorable reviews describing the book as " a spectacular return to form , displaying the clarity and passion that were there in his first thrillers but seemed to ebb away . " Wansell notes that Grisham returned to one of his seminal themes of the idealistic young lawyer fighting with the realization that corporations only care about maximizing profits . 
 The book has been derided for its lack of suspense . Carol Memmott of USA Today says that Grisham 's latest attempt to capture the spirit of the legal David and Goliath story is missing " the ratcheting @-@ up of suspense " that he has employed successfully in recent adult and youth novels . Harshaw claims that the book is lacking in the suspense that made The Firm so successful . Arthur finds elements of the plot implausible and the story unsuspenseful as well as unsatisfying . Although the book is somewhat predictable , Bayard notes that " Grisham swerves clear of the usual melodramatic devices . Corporations aren ’ t intrinsically venal ; plaintiffs aren ’ t lambent with goodness . And best of all , no one is murdered for stumbling Too Close to the Truth . " 
 Some sources noted that the book has potential to become an adapted screenplay . Irish Independent describes Grisham 's new book as " following his usual route to the bestsellers list " and projects it as a candidate to be his next Hollywood film . Although it is standard Grisham fare , Independent noted that it provides the usual thrills in Grisham 's comfortable legal world and should be a gripping read for his usual fans . The Sunday Express noted that the book could be readily converted to a screenplay , but its critic , Robin Callender Smith , viewed the " ambulance chasing " ethos as a foreign thing that Brits might have to worry about in the near future . 
 Simakis praised the book for having more depth of character than Grisham 's novels customarily do . She compares the protagonist to Mitch McDeere from The Firm and Rudy Baylor from The Rainmaker . Memmott says that most of the claimants that they find are unsympathetic , but a few are from somewhat sympathetic immigrant families . Simakis notes that Wally trades sex for legal services with one claimant . Harshaw says that the book is a bit sentimental and comparatively lacking in terms of secondary character development for Grisham . Larry Orenstein of Canada 's Globe and Mail notes that on the dramatic scale this book has instances of laugh out loud humor that make it more like Boston Legal than The Practice , which Boston Legal was spun off from . 
 
 = = Commercial success = = 
 
 According to The Huffington Post , this book is the ninth best @-@ selling fiction book of the year in 2011 , while according to the USA Today this was the 16th best selling book overall in 2011 . According to Amazon.com the book was the number eight overall best seller . 
 
 = = = Hardcover = = = 
 
 It immediately was listed as the Publishers Weekly # 1 best @-@ seller among fiction hardcover books according to Reuters . It was also listed as the # 1 best @-@ seller by The New York Times in the November 13 , 2011 book review section for the week ending October 29 , 2011 for Hardcover Fiction , E @-@ Book Fiction , Combined Hardcover & Paperback Fiction , and the Combined Print and E @-@ Book Fiction . It dropped from the # 1 position in its second week on the list . It remained on the Combined Hardcover & Paperback Fiction list until the February 19 , 2012 list ( 15 weeks ) for the week ending February 4 . It remained on both the Hardcover Fiction list and the Combined Print and E @-@ Book Fiction list until the February 26 list ( 16 weeks ) for the week ending February 11 . It remained on the E @-@ Book Fiction list until the March 11 list ( 18 weeks ) for the week ending February 25 . 
 The Wall Street Journal announced that on Saturday October 29 , it would begin incorporating digital book sales in its best seller lists . When the book debuted in The Wall Street Journal list on November 5 for the week ending October 30 , it was listed first in Hardcover Fiction , Fiction E @-@ Books and Fiction Combined . It retained the hardcover lead the following week , but lost the other leads . After two weeks it was surpassed on the hardcover list as well . It remained on The Wall Street Journal Hardcover Fiction , Fiction E @-@ Books and Fiction Combined best seller lists until the January 7 listing for the week ended on January 1 , 2012 . 
 The book was released the day after Walter Isaacson 's biography of Steve Jobs , entitled Steve Jobs , was released by Simon & Schuster . Jobs had died on October 5 and the release date was moved forward . The Jobs book 's release had been moved forward twice ; It had been moved from spring 2012 to November 21 after Jobs stepped down and then to the October 24 date after his death . When The Litigators debuted on November 3 on the USA Today best @-@ seller list , which does not separate fiction and non @-@ fiction , it debuted at number 2 behind the Jobs book . 
 
 = = = Paperback = = = 
 
 It debuted at # 1 on the New York Times Paperback Mass @-@ Market Fiction Best Sellers list on July 15 , 2012 ( reflecting sales for the week ending June 30 , 2012 ) . The book remained at # 1 until the August 12 list ( reflecting sales of the week ending July 28 , 2012 ) , making a five @-@ week run . It continued to appear on the list until the January 13 , 2013 list ( reflecting sales for the week ending December 29 , 2012 ) . On the USA Today list , which include fiction and non @-@ fiction as well as hardcover and paperback , it debuted at # 10 in the week of July 5 , following its paperback release . 
 
 
 = Stanley Green = 
 
 Stanley Owen Green ( 22 February 1915 – 4 December 1993 ) , known as the Protein Man , was a human billboard who became a well @-@ known figure in central London in the latter half of the 20th century . 
 Green patrolled Oxford Street in the West End for 25 years , from 1968 until 1993 , with a placard recommending " protein wisdom " , a low @-@ protein diet that he said would dampen the libido and make people kinder . His 14 @-@ page pamphlet , Eight Passion Proteins with Care , sold 87 @,@ 000 copies over 20 years . 
 Green 's campaign to suppress desire , as one commentator called it , was not always popular , but he became one of London 's much @-@ loved eccentrics . The Sunday Times interviewed him in 1985 , and his " less passion from less protein " slogan was used by the fashion house Red or Dead . 
 When he died at the age of 78 , the Daily Telegraph , Guardian and Times published his obituary , and the Museum of London added his pamphlets and placards to their collection . In 2006 his biography was included in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Green was born in Harringay , north London , the youngest of four sons of Richard Green , a clerk for a bottle stopper manufacturer , and his wife , May . He attended Wood Green School before joining the Royal Navy in 1938 . 
 Philip Carter writes in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography that Green 's time with the Navy affected him deeply . He was shocked by the obsession with sex . " I was astonished when things were said quite openly – what a husband would say to his wife when home on leave " , he told the Sunday Times " A Life in the Day " column in 1985 . " I 've always been a moral sort of person . " 
 After leaving the Navy in September 1945 , Green worked for the Fine Art Society . In March 1946 , Carter writes , he failed the entrance exam for the University of London , then worked for Selfridges and the civil service , and as a storeman for Ealing Borough Council . He said that he had lost jobs twice because he had refused to be dishonest . In 1962 he held a job with the post office , then worked as a self @-@ employed gardener until 1968 when he began his anti @-@ protein campaign . He lived with his parents until they died , his father in 1966 and his mother the following year , after which he was given a council flat in Haydock Green , Northolt , north London . 
 
 = = His mission = = 
 
 
 = = = On the streets = = = 
 
 Green began his mission in June 1968 , at the age of 53 , initially in Harrow on Saturdays , becoming a full @-@ time human billboard six months later on Oxford Street . He cycled there from Northolt with a sandwich board attached to the bicycle , a journey of 12 miles ( 19 km ) that could take up to two hours , until he was given a bus pass when he turned 65 . 
 He rose early , and after porridge for breakfast made bread that would rise while he was on patrol , ready for his evening meal . Otherwise his diet consisted of steamed vegetables and pulses , and a pound of apples a day . Lunch was prepared on a Bunsen burner and eaten at 2 : 30 in a " warm and secret place " near Oxford Street . 
 From Monday to Saturday he walked up and down the street until 6 : 30 pm , reduced to four days a week from 1985 . Saturday evenings were spent with the cinema crowds in Leicester Square . He would to go to bed at 12 : 30 am after saying a prayer . " Quite a good prayer , unselfish too " , he told the Sunday Times . " It is a sort of acknowledgment of God , just in case there happens to be one . " 
 Peter Ackroyd wrote in London : The Biography that Green was for the most part ignored , becoming " a poignant symbol of the city 's incuriosity and forgetfulness " . He was arrested for public obstruction twice , in 1980 and 1985 . " The injustice of it upsets me " , he said , " because I 'm doing such a good job " . He took to wearing overalls to protect himself from spit , several times finding it on his hat at the end of the day . 
 
 = = = Writing = = = 
 
 Sundays were spent at home producing Eight Passion Proteins on his printing press . Waldemar Januszczak described it as worthy of Heath Robinson , who was known for his cartoons of ancient contraptions . The racket caused trouble between Green and his neighbours . 
 Noted for its eccentric typography , Eight Passion Proteins went through 52 editions between 1973 and 1993 . Green sold 20 copies on weekdays and up to 50 on Saturdays ( for 10 pence in 1980 and 12 pence 13 years later ) , a total of 87 @,@ 000 copies by February 1993 , according to Carter . He sent copies to those in the public eye , including five British prime ministers , the Prince of Wales , the Archbishop of Canterbury , and Pope Paul VI . 
 The booklet argued that " those who do not have to work hard with their limbs , and those who are inclined to sit about " will " store up their protein for passion " , making retirement , for example , a period of increased passion and marital discord . He left several unpublished manuscripts , including a novel , Behind the Veil : More than Just a Tale ; a 67 @-@ page text called Passion and Protein ; and a 392 @-@ page version of Eight Passion Proteins , which , Carter writes , was rejected by Oxford University Press in 1971 . 
 
 = = Posthumous recognition = = 
 
 Green enjoyed his local fame . The Sunday Times interviewed him in 1985 for its " A Life in the Day " feature , and some of his slogans , including " less passion from less protein " were used on dresses and t @-@ shirts by the London fashion house Red or Dead . 
 When he died in 1993 at the age of 78 , the Daily Telegraph , Guardian and Times all published obituaries . His letters , diaries , pamphlets and placards were given to the Museum of London ; other artefacts went to the Gunnersbury Park Museum . His printing press was featured in Cornelia Parker 's exhibition " The Maybe " ( 1995 ) at the Serpentine Gallery , along with Robert Maxwell 's shoelaces , one of Winston Churchill 's cigars and Tilda Swinton in a glass box . In 2006 he was given an entry in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography . 
 Two decades after his death Green was still remembered by writers and bloggers , fondly for the most part , although not invariably so . Artist Alun Rowlands ' documentary fiction , 3 Communiqués ( 2007 ) , portrayed him as trawling the streets of London , " campaigning for the suppression of desire " . Musician Martin Gordon included a track about Green on his 2013 album , Include Me Out . 
 
 
 = Sclerodermatineae = 
 
 Sclerodermatineae is a suborder of the fungal order Boletales . Circumscribed in 2002 by mycologists Manfred Binder and Andreas Bresinsky , it contains nine genera and about 80 species . The suborder contains a diverse assemblage fruit body morphologies , including boletes , gasteroid forms , earthstars ( genus Astraeus ) , and puffballs . Most species are ectomycorrhizal , although the ecological role of some species is not known with certainty . The suborder is thought to have originated in the late Cretaceous ( 145 – 66 Ma ) in Asia and North America , and the major genera diversified around the mid Cenozoic ( 66 – 0 Ma ) . 
 
 = = Taxonomy = = 
 
 The Sclerodermatineae was first legitimately used by Manfred Binder and Andreas Bresinsky in 2002 based on molecular analyses of nuclear ribosomal large subunit ( 25S ) rRNA sequences from 60 species of Boletales . This research was an extension of Binder 's 1999 graduate work , in which he argued for the need to recognize the molecular differences of the sclerodermatoid fungi . Sclerodermatineae is one of six lineages of the Boletales recognized as a suborder ; the others are the Boletineae , Paxillineae , Suillineae , Tapinellineae , and Coniophorineae . Of the nine genera assigned to the Sclerodermatineae , three are hymenomycetes ( Boletinellus , Gyroporus , and Phlebopus ) , and six are gasteroid ( Astraeus , Calostoma , Diplocystis , Pisolithus , and Scleroderma ) . Since the suborder 's original description , there have been several phylogenetic studies investigating the Sclerodermatineae . Some studies have revealed the existence of numerous cryptic species and have contributed to taxonomic expansion of the group . The " core " Sclerodermatineae include the genera Astraeus , Calostoma , Scleroderma , Pisolithus , Diplocystis , Tremellogaster ( all gasteroid ) , and the boletoid genus Gyroporus ; Phlebopus and Boletinellus resolved as sister to this core group . 
 As of 2012 , there are an estimated 78 species in the Sclerodermatineae . The type of the suborder is the family Sclerodermataceae ; other families in the suborder are the Boletinellaceae , Diplocystaceae , and the Gyroporaceae . 
 Boletinellaceae 
 Boletinellus ( 2 species ) 
 Phlebopus ( 12 species ) 
 Diplocystaceae 
 Astraeus ( 5 species ) 
 Diplocystis ( 1 species ) 
 Endogonopsis ( 1 species ) 
 Tremellogaster ( 1 species ) 
 Gyroporaceae 
 Gyroporus ( 10 species ) 
 Sclerodermataceae 
 Calostoma ( 15 species ) 
 Chlorogaster ( 1 species ) 
 Favillea ( 1 species ) 
 Horakiella ( 1 species ) 
 Pisolithus ( 5 species ) 
 Scleroderma ( about 30 species ) 
 Based on ancestral reconstruction studies , the earliest ( basal ) members of the Sclerodermatineae originated in the late Cretaceous ( 145 – 66 Ma ) . The major genera diversified near the mid Cenozoic ( 66 – 0 Ma ) . Asia and North America are the most probable ancestral areas for all Sclerodermatineae , and Pinaceae and angiosperms ( primarily rosids ) are the most probable ancestral hosts . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Members of the Sclerodermatineae have fruit body shapes ranging from boletoid ( with a cap , stipe , and tubes on the underside of the cap ) to gasteroid . Boletoid fruit bodies sometimes have hollow stipes with a surface that is smooth to somewhat furfuraceous ( covered with flaky particles ) , and lack the reticulation ( a net @-@ like pattern of interlacing lines ) characteristic of some members of the Boletaceae . The pores are merulioid ( wrinkled with low , uneven ridges ) , boletinoid , and either fine or coarse . The flesh is usually whitish to yellowish , and some species exhibit a blue staining reaction upon injury . In mass , spores are yellow ; microscopically , the spores are ellipsoid in shape and have a smooth surface . 
 Gasteroid fruit body types are either roughly spherical or tuberous , occasionally with stipes , and usually have a peridium that is either simple or multi @-@ layered . Mature gasteroid fruit bodies generally open irregularly at maturity to expose a powdery gleba with a color ranging from white to yellow or black @-@ brown to black . Capillitia are generally absent from the gleba . Spores are spherical or nearly so , and have a surface texture that ranges from smooth to wart @-@ like and spiny , or sometimes with reticulations . Hyphae have clamp connections . 
 
 = = Morphological diversity = = 
 
 A distinguishing feature of the Sclerodermatineae is the diversity of morphologies within the group . The hymenomycete genera Boletinellus , Gyroporus , and Phlebopus are typical boletes with a cap and stipe . However , each of the gasteroid Sclerodermatineae has a distinct morphology . Species of Astraeus have an " earthstar " morphology where the outer peridium peels back in sections . The gleba of Pisolithus is partitioned into hundreds of membranous chambers . Scleroderma is a simple puffball with a thin outer skin and a powdery gleba at maturity . Diplocystis and Tremellogaster are each distinct in their morphologies : the former comprises compound fruit bodies each with 3 – 60 spore sacs crowded together , while the latter forms a roughly spherical sporocarp with a thick multi @-@ layered peridium . Calostoma ( Greek for " pretty mouth " ) is morphologically distinct from other gasteroid members , having a fruit body that forms a globed , spore @-@ bearing head composed of a three @-@ layered peridium . About two @-@ thirds of Sclerodermatineae species have a gasteroid morphology , although this may be an underestimate due to the existence of cryptic species that have yet to be formally described . For example , studies of the gasteroid genera Astraeus and Pisolithus indicate the existence of numerous cryptic taxa . 
 
 = = Ecology = = 
 
 The mycorrhizal associations of several Sclerodermatineae genera have been established . Studies have demonstrated that Astraeus , Pisolithus , and Scleroderma form ectomycorrhizal associations with both angiosperms and gymnosperms . Previously thought to be saprophytic , the Calostomataceae were determined to be ectomycorrhizal with Fagaceae and Myrtaceae using isotopic and molecular analyses . Species from the genera Pisolithus and Scleroderma have been used in forestry as mycorrhizal inocula to help promote the growth and vigor of young seedlings . 
 As a group , the Sclerodermatineae have a broad distribution , and some genera ( Pisolithus and Scleroderma ) have been found on all continents except Antarctica . 
 
 = = = Cited literature = = = 
 
 Kirk PM , Cannon PF , Minter DW , Stalpers JA ( 2008 ) . Dictionary of the Fungi ( 10th ed . ) . Wallingford , UK : CAB International . ISBN 978 @-@ 0 @-@ 85199 @-@ 826 @-@ 8 . 
 
 = SM U @-@ 3 ( Austria @-@ Hungary ) = 
 
 SM U @-@ 3 or U @-@ III was the lead boat of the U @-@ 3 class of submarines or U @-@ boats built for and operated by the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy ( German : Kaiserliche und Königliche Kriegsmarine or K.u.K. Kriegsmarine ) before and during the First World War . The submarine was built as part of a plan to evaluate foreign submarine designs , and was built by Germaniawerft of Kiel , Germany . 
 U @-@ 3 was authorized in 1906 , begun in March 1907 , launched in August 1908 , and towed from Kiel to Pola in January 1909 . The double @-@ hulled submarine was just under 139 feet ( 42 m ) long and displaced between 240 and 300 tonnes ( 260 and 330 short tons ) , depending on whether surfaced or submerged . The design of the submarine had poor diving qualities and several modifications to U @-@ 3 's diving planes and fins occurred in her first years in the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy . Her armament , as built , consisted of two bow torpedo tubes with a supply of three torpedoes , but was supplemented with a deck gun in 1915 . 
 The boat was commissioned into the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy in September 1909 , and served as a training boat — sometimes making as many as ten cruises a month — through the beginning of the First World War in 1914 . At the start of that conflict , she was one of only four operational submarines in the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy U @-@ boat fleet . Over the first year of the war , U @-@ 3 conducted reconnaissance cruises out of Cattaro . On 12 August 1915 , U @-@ 3 was damaged after an unsuccessful torpedo attack on an Italian armed merchant cruiser and , after she surfaced the next day , was sunk by a French destroyer . U @-@ 3 's commanding officer and 6 men died in the attack ; the 14 survivors were captured . 
 
 = = Design and construction = = 
 
 U @-@ 3 was built as part of a plan by the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy to competitively evaluate foreign submarine designs from Simon Lake , Germaniawerft , and John Philip Holland . The Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy authorized the construction of U @-@ 3 ( and sister ship , U @-@ 4 ) in 1906 by Germaniawerft of Kiel , Germany . U @-@ 3 was laid down on 12 March 1907 and launched on 20 August 1908 . After completion , she was towed via Gibraltar to Pola , where she arrived on 24 January 1909 . 
 U @-@ 3 's design was an improved version of Germaniawerft 's design for the Imperial German Navy 's first U @-@ boat , U @-@ 1 , and featured a double hull with internal saddle tanks . The Germaniawerft engineers refined the design 's hull shape through extensive model trials . 
 U @-@ 3 was 138 feet 9 inches ( 42 m ) long by 14 feet ( 4 @.@ 3 m ) abeam and had a draft of 12 feet 6 inches ( 3 @.@ 81 m ) . She displaced 240 tonnes ( 260 short tons ) surfaced and 300 tonnes ( 330 short tons ) submerged . She was armed with two bow 45 @-@ centimeter ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) torpedo tubes , and was designed to carry up to three torpedoes . 
 
 = = Service career = = 
 
 After U @-@ 3 's arrival at Pola in January 1909 , she was commissioned into the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy on 12 September 1909 as SM U @-@ 3 . During the evaluation of the U @-@ 3 class conducted by the Navy , the class ' poor diving and handling characteristics were noted . To alleviate the diving problems , U @-@ 3 's fins were changed in size and shape several times , and eventually , the front diving planes were removed and a stationary stern flap was affixed to the hull . U @-@ 3 served as a training boat between 1910 and 1914 and made as many as ten cruises per month in that capacity . 
 At the beginning of World War I , she was one of only four operational submarines in the Austro @-@ Hungarian Navy . On 22 August 1914 , U @-@ 3 began operating reconnaissance cruises out of the naval base at Brioni , but moved a month later to Cattaro . In April 1915 , a 3 @.@ 7 @-@ centimeter ( 1 @.@ 5 in ) quick firing ( QF ) deck gun was added . 
 On 10 August , U @-@ 3 departed from Cattaro for what would be her final time for a patrol north of Brindisi . Two days later , while returning to Cattaro from the Straits of Otranto , U @-@ 3 launched a torpedo attack on the Italian armed merchant cruiser Citta di Catania . The torpedoes missed their mark and , in the ensuing action , U @-@ 3 was rammed by Citta di Catania , which destroyed the U @-@ boat 's periscope . When she attempted to surface , she was shelled by the escorting destroyers . She submerged to escape the artillery but was further damaged by a depth charge attack from the French destroyer Bisson while resting on the seabed . When U @-@ 3 surfaced the following day , she was shelled and sunk by Bisson . Fourteen of her crew were saved and captured , but seven died in the attack , including her commander , Linienschiffsleutnant Karl Strnad . U @-@ 3 had no successes during the war . 
 
 
 = The Son Also Draws = 
 
 " The Son Also Draws " is the sixth episode of the first season of the animated comedy series Family Guy , originally aired on Fox on May 9 , 1999 . The episode follows Chris as he is ejected from the Youth Scouts , and Peter drives the family to Scout headquarters to get him readmitted . During a rest stop at a Native American casino , Lois gambles away the family car . Peter pretends to be a member of the tribe in an attempt to get it back , and is sent on a vision quest to prove his heritage , giving him and Chris an opportunity to bond . 
 " The Son Also Draws " was written by Ricky Blitt and directed by Neil Affleck , both working on their first Family Guy episode . The episode guest starred actors Suzie Plakson , Kevin Michael Richardson , Fred Tatasciore and Wally Wingert . Recurring guest voice actors included writer and animator Butch Hartman and actor Patrick Bristow . Much of the episode 's humor is structured around cutaway sequences that parody popular culture , including references to Speed Racer , Happy Days , Nova , One Day at a Time , and The More You Know . 
 Critical reception for the episode was mixed ; certain critics believed the episode was not an " instant classic " in contrast to the other episodes of the season but called it " memorable " and " brilliant " nevertheless , while others regarded it as the black sheep of the season . The episode caused controversy in Canada for the episode 's final gag , in which Peter states that " Canada sucks . " 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Chris hates being in the Youth Scouts and wants to quit , but is afraid to tell his father Peter . Chris is finally kicked out when he runs over the troop leader during a Soap Box Derby . Peter insists on driving Chris and the rest of the family ( Peter 's wife Lois , their daughter Meg and their infant Stewie ) to the Youth Scout headquarters , in Manhattan , to get Chris readmitted . While they are gone , their talking dog Brian is watching Nova just as the show is interrupted to show several episodes of the sitcom One Day at a Time . He tries to change the channel , but is unable to do so ( nor he can turn the TV off ) , losing his intelligence shortly after watching a few episodes . 
 The family stops at a Native American casino as Peter needs to use the bathroom , Lois quickly becomes addicted to gambling and loses the family car . After hearing that Lois has gambled the car away , Peter tries to get it back by claiming to be Native American . The doubtful Indian elders demand that he go on a vision quest to prove his heritage . Chris accompanies Peter into the wilderness , hoping to tell him that he only wants to draw instead of being in the Scouts . Delirious from hunger , Peter begins talking to anthropomorphic trees and sees a vision of his spiritual guide , Fonzie . After hearing Fonzie 's advice Peter finally listens to Chris 's complaints and realizes his son is a talented artist . 
 Peter and Chris return to the casino and reclaim the car . The episode ends with Lois , Stewie , and Meg counteracting stereotypes about Native Americans , Mexicans , and Swedes , respectively , before Peter comments that " Canada sucks . " 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " The Son Also Draws " was written by Ricky Blitt , his first episode in the Family Guy series , and directed by former Simpsons director Neil Affleck , also in his first Family Guy episode . Peter Shin and Roy Allen Smith , who have since supervised other episodes of Family Guy , both acted as supervising directors on this episode . Alex Borstein , the voice of Lois , helped write this episode , making her the first female member in the Family Guy writing staff ; show creator Seth MacFarlane mentioned that her input on the character of Lois was particularly helpful . Andrew Gormley and voice actor Mike Henry acted as staff writers for this episode , while Ricky Blitt , Neil Goldman and Chris Sheridan worked as the story editors . The subplot of " The Son Also Draws " that involved Lois losing the car was based on the 1985 comedy film Lost in America . The part where Peter pretends to be an Indian to get the family car back was inspired by real @-@ life instances of people who were " 1 / 64th " Native American receiving money from wealthy casino tribes . 
 In addition to the regular cast , " The Son Also Draws " featured the voices of actors Suzie Plakson , Kevin Michael Richardson , Fred Tatasciore and Wally Wingert . Recurring guest voice actors included writer and animator Butch Hartman and actor Patrick Bristow . 
 
 = = Cultural references = = 
 
 The television show the family is watching near the beginning of the show is an episode from the 1974 ABC sitcom Happy Days . 
 When the rest of the family is gone on the trip to Manhattan , Brian watches an episode of Nova , which is interrupted by a PBS announcement that they will be showing various episodes of One Day at a Time . 
 Speed and Pops from Speed Racer make an appearance at the Soap Box Derby starting line and again when the Griffins prepare to leave for Manhattan . 
 When Peter has to search for his spiritual guide , it turns out to be Fonzie from Happy Days . 
 The end of the episode features a parody of the The More You Know series of public service announcements . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Reviews for " The Son Also Draws " were mixed to favorable . In his 2008 review , Ahsan Haque of IGN rated the episode an 8 / 10 , stating that while the episode is not an " instant classic " , it is " still quite strong " and has " more than a few clever moments " . He also notes that the cutaways are " kept to a minimum " , and much of the humor comes from the storyline . He commented that the episode did not have as much laugh @-@ out @-@ loud moments as other episodes , but stated that it had bolder humor than the show would later be known for . In his review of the first volume DVD collection of Family Guy , Aaron Beierle of DVD Talk listed " The Son Also Draws " as one of the series ' " most brilliant moments " , praising the spiritual vision sequence and naming the conversation between Peter and Brian among the best moments of the series , calling the conversation " rolling @-@ on @-@ the @-@ floor funny . " 
 Robin Pierson of The TV Critic , however , was far more hostile towards the episode , giving it the lowest rating of the season , a 44 out of 100 . Pierson believed the episode was " very poor " and called the storyline " lame " and " unfocussed [ sic ] , " with " a bunch of jokes to match . " The gag at the end of the episode , in which Peter states that " Canada sucks " , inspired anger from Canadian viewers of the show , which led them to send letters to the show 's producers . Ricky Blitt , the writer of the episode and the person responsible for the controversial gag , is Canadian . 
 
 = = Home media = = 
 
 " The Son Also Draws " and the complete first and second seasons of the series were released under the title Family Guy Volume One ; this standard four @-@ disc DVD box set debuted in Region 1 on April 15 , 2003 , three months before the premiere of the third season . Distributed by 20th Century Fox Television , it included several DVD extras such as episode commentaries , behind @-@ the @-@ scenes footage , and online promo spots . The same episodes , without the special features , were released in Region 2 on November 12 , 2001 and in Region 4 on October 20 , 2003 . 
 
 
 = Protomycena = 
 
 Protomycena is an extinct monotypic genus of gilled fungus in the family Mycenaceae , of order Agaricales . At present it contains the single species Protomycena electra , known from a single specimen collected in an amber mine in the Cordillera Septentrional area of the Dominican Republic . The fruit body of the fungus has a convex cap that is 5 mm ( 0 @.@ 2 in ) in diameter , with distantly spaced gills on the underside . The curved stipe is smooth and cylindrical , measuring 0 @.@ 75 mm ( 0 @.@ 030 in ) thick by 10 mm ( 0 @.@ 39 in ) long , and lacks a ring . It resembles extant ( currently living ) species of the genus Mycena . Protomycena is one of only five known agaric fungus species known in the fossil record and the second to be described from Dominican amber . 
 
 = = Discovery and classification = = 
 
 The genus is known only from the holotype specimen , a single fruit body ( mushroom ) currently residing in the private collection owned by Ettore Morone of Turin , Italy . The specimen was collected in one of the amber mines in the Cordillera Septentrional area of the island of Hispaniola , in the Dominican Republic . The amber is believed to date from the Miocene Burdigalian stage , about 20 to 16 million years before the present . It was first studied by a group of researchers consisting of David Hibbett and Michael Donoghue from Harvard University , with David Grimaldi of the American Museum of Natural History . Hibbett and colleagues published their 1997 type description in the American Journal of Botany . The generic name Protomycena is derived from a combination of the Latin proto meaning " first " , and " Mycena " , a modern genus that it resembles . The specific epithet electra was coined by the authors from the Latin for " amber " , in reference to the mode of preservation . 
 When it was reported , Protomycena electra was the third species of fossil agaric fungus to be described . The two species Coprinites dominicana and Aureofungus yaniguaensis are also known from the amber mines of the Dominican Republic , while the fourth species Archaeomarasmius leggeti is from the older , Cretaceous age New Jersey Amber . With the 2007 publication of a fifth extinct agaric species , Palaeoagaracites antiquus , the minimum age for the Agaricales order was pushed back to the Albian ( approximately 100 Ma ) . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The holotype of Protomycena is a single fruit body without any associated structures , preserved in a piece of clear light yellow polished amber approximately 4 @.@ 5 – 2 @.@ 5 cm ( 1 @.@ 77 – 0 @.@ 98 in ) wide . The pileus is 5 mm ( 0 @.@ 2 in ) in diameter and has a convex shape , sporting a raised central region ( an umbo ) . The pale flesh appears yellowish in the amber , and is smooth and glossy , changing to striate and slightly translucent towards the margin . The pileus margin is striated and slightly flared . The gills on the underside of the pileus are broadly attached ( adnate ) to the top of the stipe , and distantly spaced — between six and eight gills extend completely from the pileus margin to the stipe . These full @-@ length gills are anastomosed with lamellulae ( short gills which do not reach the edge of the stipe from the pileus margin ) of varying lengths . The pileus is centered on the curved stipe , which is smooth and cylindrical , measuring 0 @.@ 75 mm ( 0 @.@ 030 in ) thick by 10 mm ( 0 @.@ 39 in ) long . The stipe lacks a ring and rhizoids . The mushroom is preserved with a small liquid and gas @-@ filled bubble , possibly originating from the mushroom itself , which indicates the amber to be very solid and well @-@ sealed . 
 In Hibbett and colleagues ' 1997 publication , Protomycena was placed in the subfamily Myceneae , which at the time was considered part of the Tricholomataceae family ; Mycena is currently classified in the Mycenaceae family . The placement was based solely on the visible structures , or macromorphology of the fruit body . Many of the features which are typically used to classify species into fungal families and subfamilies are based on microscopic features not visible or preserved in the amber specimen . Consequently , the assignment to Mycena is provisional ( the authors also note certain similarities with extant members of Marasmius ) , and the describing authors leave open the option of treating the genus placement as incertae sedis ( uncertain placement ) within the Agaricales . Protomycena is distinct from other amber @-@ preserved mushroom taxa such as Coprinites , in the grooved surface of its pileus and its anastomosing gills . 
 
 
 = Art in Medieval Scotland = 
 
 Art in Medieval Scotland includes all forms of artistic production within the modern borders of Scotland , between the fifth century and the adoption of the Renaissance in the early sixteenth century . In the early Middle Ages , there were distinct material cultures evident in the different federations and kingdoms within what is now Scotland . Pictish art was the only uniquely Scottish Medieval style ; it can be seen in the extensive survival of carved stones , particularly in the north and east of the country , which hold a variety of recurring images and patterns . It can also be seen in elaborate metal work that largely survives in buried hoards . Irish @-@ Scots art from the kingdom of Dál Riata suggests that it was one of the places , as a crossroads between cultures , where the Insular style developed . 
 Insular art is the name given to the common style that developed in Britain and Ireland from the eighth century and which became highly influential in continental Europe and contributed to the development of Romanesque and Gothic styles . It can be seen in elaborate jewellery , often making extensive use of semi @-@ precious stones , in the heavily carved high crosses found particularly in the Highlands and Islands , but distributed across the country and particularly in the highly decorated illustrated manuscripts such as the Book of Kells , which may have been begun , or wholly created at the monastic centre of Iona . 
 Scotland adopted the Romanesque style relatively late and retained and revived elements of its style after the Gothic style had become dominant from the thirteenth century . Much of the best Scottish artwork of the High and Late Middle Ages was either religious in nature or realised in metal and woodwork , and has not survived the impact of time and the Reformation . However , examples of sculpture are extant as part of church architecture , including evidence of elaborate church interiors . From the thirteenth century there are relatively large numbers of monumental effigies . Native craftsmanship can be seen in a variety of items . Visual illustration can be seen in the illumination of charters and occasional survivals of church paintings . Surviving copies of individual portraits are relatively crude , but more impressive are the works or artists commissioned from the continent , particularly the Netherlands . 
 
 = = Early Middle Ages = = 
 
 
 = = = Pictish stones = = = 
 
 About 250 Pictish stones survive and have been assigned by scholars to three classes . Class I stones are those thought to date to the period up to the seventh century and are the most numerous group . The stones are largely unshaped and include incised symbols of animals such as fish and the Pictish beast , everyday objects such as mirrors , combs and tuning forks and abstract symbols defined by names including V @-@ rod , double disc and Z @-@ rod . They are found between from the Firth of Forth to Shetland . The greatest concentrations are in Sutherland , around modern Inverness and Aberdeen . Good examples include the Dunrobin ( Sutherland ) and Aberlemno stones ( Angus ) . 
 Class II stones are carefully shaped slabs dating after the arrival of Christianity in the eighth and ninth centuries , with a cross on one face and a wide range of symbols on the reverse . In smaller numbers than Class I stones , they predominate in southern Pictland , in Perth , Angus and Fife . Good examples include Glamis 2 , which contains a finely executed Celtic cross on the main face with two opposing male figures , a centaur , cauldron , deer head and a triple disc symbol and Cossans , Angus , which shows a high @-@ prowed Pictish boat with oarsmen and a figure facing forward in the prow . Class III stones are thought to overlap chronologically with Class II stones . Most are elaborately shaped and incised cross @-@ slabs , some with figurative scenes , but lacking idiomatic Pictish symbols . They are widely distributed but predominate in the southern Pictish areas . 
 
 = = = Pictish metalwork = = = 
 
 Items of metalwork have been found throughout Pictland . The earlier Picts appear to have had a considerable amount of silver available , probably from raiding further south , or the payment of subsidies to keep them from doing so . The very large hoard of late Roman hacksilver found at Traprain Law may have originated in either way . The largest hoard of early Pictish metalwork was found in 1819 at Norrie 's Law in Fife , but unfortunately much was dispersed and melted down . Over ten heavy silver chains , some over 0 @.@ 5 metres ( 1 @.@ 6 ft ) long , have been found from this period ; the double @-@ linked Whitecleuch Chain is one of only two that have a penannular ring , with symbol decoration including enamel , which shows how these were probably used as " choker " necklaces . The St Ninian 's Isle Treasure of 28 silver and silver @-@ gilt objects , contains perhaps the best collection of late Pictish forms , from the Christian period , when Pictish metalwork style , as with stone @-@ carving , gradually merged with Insular , Anglo @-@ Saxon and Viking styles . 
 
 = = = Irish @-@ Scots art = = = 
 
 Thomas Charles @-@ Edwards has suggested that the kingdom of Dál Riata was a cross @-@ roads between the artistic styles of the Picts and those of Ireland , with which the Scots settlers in what is now Argyll kept close contacts . This can be seen in representations found in excavations of the fortress of Dunadd , which combine Pictish and Irish elements . This included extensive evidence for the production of high status jewellery and moulds from the seventh century that indicate the production of pieces similar to the Hunterston brooch , found in Ayrshire , which may have been made in Dál Riata , but with elements that suggest Irish origins . These and other finds , including a trumpet spiral decorated hanging bowl disc and a stamped animal decoration ( or pressblech ) , perhaps from a bucket or drinking horn , indicate the ways in which Dál Riata was one of the locations where the Insular style was developed . In the eighth and ninth centuries the Pictish elite adopted true penannular brooches with lobed terminals from Ireland . Some older Irish pseudo @-@ penannular brooches were adapted to the Pictish style , for example the Breadalbane Brooch ( British Museum ) . The eighth century Monymusk Reliquary has elements of Pictish and Irish style . 
 
 = = = Early Anglo @-@ Saxon art = = = 
 
 Early examples of Anglo @-@ Saxon art are largely metalwork , particularly bracelets , clasps and jewellery , that has survived in pagan burials and in exceptional items such as the intricately carved whalebone Franks Casket , thought to have been produced in Northumbria in the early eighth century , which combines pagan , classical and Christian motifs . There is only one known pagan burial in Scotland , at Dalmeny Midlothian , which contains a necklace of beads similar to those found in mid @-@ seventh @-@ century southern England . Other isolated finds include a gold object from Dalmeny , shaped like a truncated pyramid , with filigree and garnet , similar to sword harness mounts found at Sutton Hoo . There is also a bun @-@ shaped loom from Yetholm , Roxburghshire and a ring with an Anglian runic inscription . From eastern Scotland there is a seventh @-@ century sword pommel from Culbin Sands , Moray and the Burghead drinking horn mount . After Christianisation in the seventh century artistic styles in Northumbria , which then reached to the Firth of Forth , interacted with those in Ireland and what is now Scotland to become part of the common style historians have identified as Insular or Hiberno @-@ Saxon . 
 
 = = = Insular art = = = 
 
 Insular art , or Hiberno @-@ Saxon art , is the name given to the common style produced in Scotland , Britain and Anglo @-@ Saxon England from the seventh century , with the combining of Celtic and Anglo @-@ Saxon forms . Surviving examples of Insular art are found in metalwork , carving , but mainly in illuminated manuscripts . In manuscripts surfaces are highly decorated with intricate patterning , with no attempt to give an impression of depth , volume or recession . The best examples include the Book of Kells , which may have been wholly or partly created in Iona , and the Book of Durrow , which may be from Ireland or Northumbria . Carpet pages are a characteristic feature of Insular manuscripts , although historiated initials ( an Insular invention ) , canon tables and figurative miniatures , especially Evangelist portraits , are also common . The finest era of the style was brought to an end by the disruption to monastic centres and aristocratic life of the Viking raids in the late eighth century . 
 Christianity discouraged the burial of grave goods so the majority of examples of insular metalwork that survive from the Christian period have been found in archaeological contexts that suggest they were rapidly hidden , lost or abandoned . There are a few exceptions , notably portable shrines ( " cumdachs " ) for books or relics , several of which have been continuously owned , mostly by churches on the Continent — though the Monymusk Reliquary has always been in Scotland . The highest quality survivals are either secular jewellery , the largest and most elaborate pieces probably for male wearers , tableware or altarware . The finest church pieces were probably made by secular workshops , often attached to a royal household , though other pieces were made by monastic workshops . There are a number of large brooches , each of their designs is wholly individual in detail , and the workmanship is varied . Many elements of the designs can be directly related to elements used in manuscripts . Surviving stones used in decoration are semi @-@ precious ones , with amber and rock crystal among the commonest , and some garnets . Coloured glass , enamel and millefiori glass , probably imported , are also used . None of the major insular manuscripts , like the Book of Kells , have preserved their elaborate jewelled metal covers , but documentary evidence indicates that these were as spectacular as the few remaining continental examples . 
 The most significant survivals in sculpture are in High crosses , large free @-@ standing stone crosses , usually carved in relief with patterns , biblical iconography and occasionally inscriptions . The tradition may have begun in Ireland or Anglo @-@ Saxon England and then spread to Scotland . They are found throughout the British Isles and often feature a stone ring around the intersection , forming a Celtic cross , apparently an innovation of Celtic Christianity , that may have begun at Iona . Distribution in Scotland is heaviest in the Highlands and Islands and they can be dated to the period c . 750 to 1150 . All the surviving crosses are of stone , but there are indications that large numbers of wooden crosses may also have existed . In Scotland biblical iconography is less common than in Ireland , but the subject of King David is relatively frequently depicted . In the east the influence of Pictish sculpture can be seen , in areas of Viking occupation and settlement , crosses for the tenth to the twelfth centuries have distinctive Scandinavian patterns , often mixed with native styles . Important examples dated to the eighth century include St Martin 's Cross on Iona , the Kildalton Cross from the Hebrides and the Anglo @-@ Saxon Ruthwell Cross . Through the Hiberno @-@ Scottish mission to the continent , insular art was highly influential on subsequent European Medieval art , especially the decorative elements of Romanesque and Gothic styles . 
 
 = = = Viking age art = = = 
 
 Viking art avoided naturalism , favouring stylised animal motifs to create its ornamental patterns . Ribbon @-@ interlace was important and plant motifs became fashionable in the tenth and eleventh centuries . Most Scottish artefacts come from 130 " pagan " burials in the north and west from the mid @-@ ninth to the mid @-@ tenth centuries . These include jewellery , weapons and occasional elaborate high status items . Amongst the most impressive of these is the Scar boat burial , on Orkney , which contained an elaborate sword , quiver with arrows , a brooch , bone comb , gaming pieces and the Scar Dragon Plaque , made from whalebone , most of which were probably made in Scandinavia . From the west , another boat burial at Kiloron Bay in Colonsay revealed a sword , shield , iron cauldron and enamelled scales , which may be Celtic in origin . A combination of Viking and Celtic styles can be see in a penannular brooch from Pierowall in Orkney , which has a Pictish @-@ style looped pin . It is about two inches in diameter , with traces of gilding , and probably housed a piece of amber surrounded by interweaving ribbons . After the conversion to Christianity , from the tenth to the twelfth centuries , stone crosses and cross @-@ slabs in Viking occupied areas of the Highlands and Islands were carved with successive styles of Viking ornament . They were frequently mixed with native interlace and animal patterns . Examples include the eleventh @-@ century cross @-@ slab from Dóid Mhàiri on the island of Islay , where the plant motifs on either side of the cross @-@ shaft are based upon the Ringerike style of Viking art . The most famous artistic find from modern Scotland , the Lewis Chessmen , from Uig , were probably made in Trondheim in Norway , but contain some decoration that may have been influenced by Celtic patterns . 
 
 = = Late Middle Ages = = 
 
 
 = = = Architecture and sculpture = = = 
 
 Architectural evidence suggests that , while the Romanesque style peaked in much of Europe in the later eleventh and early twelfth century , it was still reaching Scotland in the second half of the twelfth century and was revived in the late fifteenth century , perhaps as a reaction to the English perpendicular style that had come to dominate . Much of the best Scottish artwork of the High and Late Middle Ages was either religious in nature or realised in metal and woodwork and has not survived the impact of time and the Reformation . However , examples of sculpture are extant as part of church architecture , a small number of significant crafted items have also survived and , for the end of the period , there is evidence of painting , particularly the extensive commissioning of works in the Low Countries and France . 
 The interiors of churches were often more elaborate before the Reformation , with highly decorated sacrament houses , like the ones surviving at Deskford and Kinkell . The carvings at Rosslyn Chapel , created in the mid @-@ fifteenth century , elaborately depicting the progression of the seven deadly sins , are considered some of the finest in the Gothic style . Monumental effigies began to appear in churches from the thirteenth century and they were usually fully coloured and gilded . Many were founders and patrons of churches and chapels , including members of the clergy , knights and often their wives . In contrast to England , where the fashion for stone @-@ carved monuments gave way to brass etchings , they continued to be produced until the end of the Medieval period , with the largest group dating from the fifteenth century , including the very elaborate Douglas tombs in the town of Douglas . Sometimes the best continental artists were employed , as for Robert I 's elaborate tomb in Dunfermline Abbey , which was made in his lifetime by the Parisian sculptor Thomas of Chartres , but of which only fragments now survive . The greatest group of surviving sculpture from this period are from the West Highlands , beginning in the fourteenth century on Iona under the patronage of the Lordship of the Isles and continuing until the Reformation . Common motifs were ships , swords , harps and Romanesque vine leaf tracery with Celtic elements . 
 
 = = = Decorative arts = = = 
 
 Survivals from late Medieval church fittings and objects in Scotland are exceptionally rare even compared to those from comparable areas like England or Norway , probably because of the thoroughness of their destruction in the Scottish Reformation . The Scottish elite and church now participated in a culture stretching across Europe , and many objects that do survive are imported , such as Limoges enamels . It is often difficult to decide the country of creation of others , as work in international styles was produced in Scotland , along with pieces retaining more distinctive local styles . 
 Two secular small chests with carved whalebone panels and metal fittings illustrate some aspects of the Scottish arts . The Eglington and Fife Caskets are very similar and were probably made by the same workshop around 1500 , as boxes for valuables such as jewellery or documents . The overall form of the caskets follows French examples , and the locks and metal bands are decorated in Gothic style with " simple decorations of fleurons and debased egg and dart " while the whalebone panels are carved in relief with a late form of Insular interwoven strapwork characteristic of late Medieval West Scotland . 
 Key examples of native craftsmanship on items include the Bute mazer , the earliest surviving drinking cup of its type , made of maple @-@ wood and with elaborate silver @-@ gilt ornamentation , dated to around 1320 . The Savernake Horn was probably made for the earl of Moray in the fourteenth century and looted by the English in the mid @-@ sixteenth century . A few significant reliquaries survive from West Scotland , examples of the habit of the Celtic church of treating the possessions rather than the bones of saints as relics . As in Irish examples these were partly reworked and elaborated at intervals over a long period . These are St Fillan 's Crozier and its " Coigreach " or reliquary , between them with elements from each century from the eleventh to the fifteenth , the Guthrie Bell Shrine , Iona , twelfth to fifteenth century , and the Kilmichael Glassary Bell Shrine , Argyll , mid @-@ twelfth century . The Skye Chess piece is a single elaborate piece in carved walrus ivory , with two warriors carrying heraldic shields in a framework of openwork vegetation . It is thought to be Scottish , of the mid @-@ thirteenth century , with aspects similar to both English and Norwegian pieces . 
 One of the largest groups of surviving works of art are the seal matrices that appear to have entered Scottish usage with feudalism in the reign of David I , beginning at the royal court and among his Anglo @-@ Norman vassals and then by about 1250 they began to spread to the Gaelicised areas of the country . They would be made compulsory for barons of the king in a statute of 1401 and seal matrices show very high standards of skill and artistry . Examples of items that were probably the work of continental artists include the delicate hanging lamp in St. John 's Kirk in Perth , the vestments and hangings in Holyrood and the Medieval maces of the Universities of St Andrews and Glasgow . 
 
 = = = Illumination and painting = = = 
 
 Manuscript illumination continued into the late Middle Ages , moving from elaborate gospels to charters , like that confirming the rights of Kelso Abbey from 1159 . Very little painting from Scottish churches survives . There is only one surviving Doom painting in Scotland , at Guthrie near Arbroath , which may have been painted by the same artist as the elaborate crucifixion and other paintings at Foulis Easter , eighteen miles away . As in England , the monarchy may have had model portraits of royalty used for copies and reproductions , but the versions of native royal portraits that survive are generally crude by continental standards . Much more impressive are the works or artists imported from the continent , particularly the Netherlands , generally considered the centre of painting in the Northern Renaissance . The products of these connections included a fine portrait of William Elphinstone , Bishop of Aberdeen ( 1488 – 1514 ) ; the images of St Catherine and St John brought to Dunkeld ; Hugo van Der Goes 's altarpiece for the Trinity College Church in Edinburgh , commissioned by James III , and the work after which the Flemish Master of James IV of Scotland is named . There are also a relatively large number of elaborate devotional books from the late fifteenth and early sixteenth centuries , usually produced in the Low Countries and France for Scottish patrons , including the prayer book commissioned by Robert Blackadder , Bishop of Glasgow , between 1484 and 1492 and the Flemish illustrated book of hours , known as the Hours of James IV of Scotland , given by James IV to Margaret Tudor and described as " perhaps the finest medieval manuscript to have been commissioned for Scottish use " . 
 
 
 = Humpty Dumpty = 
 
 Humpty Dumpty is a character in an English nursery rhyme , probably originally a riddle and one of the best known in the English @-@ speaking world . He is typically portrayed as an anthropomorphic egg , though he is not explicitly described so . The first recorded versions of the rhyme date from late eighteenth @-@ century England and the tune from 1870 in James William Elliott 's National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs . Its origins are obscure and several theories have been advanced to suggest original meanings . 
 The character of Humpty Dumpty was popularised in the United States by actor George L. Fox ( 1825 – 77 ) . As a character and literary allusion , he has appeared or been referred to in a large number of works of literature and popular culture , particularly Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking @-@ Glass ( 1872 ) . The rhyme is listed in the Roud Folk Song Index as No. 13026 . 
 
 = = Lyrics and melody = = 
 
 The rhyme is one of the best known and most popular in the English language . The most common modern text is : 
 It is a single quatrain with external rhymes that follow the pattern of AABB and with a trochaic metre , which is common in nursery rhymes . The melody commonly associated with the rhyme was first recorded by composer and nursery rhyme collector James William Elliott in his National Nursery Rhymes and Nursery Songs ( London , 1870 ) . The Roud Folk Song Index catalogues folk songs and their variations by number , and classifies this song as 13026 . 
 
 = = Origins = = 
 
 The earliest known version was published in Samuel Arnold 's Juvenile Amusements in 1797 with the lyrics : 
 A manuscript addition to a copy of Mother Goose 's Melody published in 1803 has the modern version with a different last line : " Could not set Humpty Dumpty up again " . It was published in 1810 in a version of Gammer Gurton 's Garland as : 
 In 1842 , James Orchard Halliwell published a collected version as : 
 According to the Oxford English Dictionary , the term " humpty dumpty " referred to a drink of brandy boiled with ale in the seventeenth century . The riddle probably exploited , for misdirection , the fact that " humpty dumpty " was also eighteenth @-@ century reduplicative slang for a short and clumsy person . The riddle may depend upon the assumption that a clumsy person falling off a wall might not be irreparably damaged , whereas an egg would be . The rhyme is no longer posed as a riddle , since the answer is now so well known . Similar riddles have been recorded by folklorists in other languages , such as " Boule Boule " in French , " Lille Trille " in Swedish and Norwegian , and " Runtzelken @-@ Puntzelken " or " Humpelken @-@ Pumpelken " in different parts of Germany — although none is as widely known as Humpty Dumpty is in English . 
 
 = = Meaning = = 
 
 The rhyme does not explicitly state that the subject is an egg , possibly because it may have been originally posed as a riddle . There are also various theories of an original " Humpty Dumpty " . One , advanced by Katherine Elwes Thomas in 1930 and adopted by Robert Ripley , posits that Humpty Dumpty is King Richard III of England , depicted as humpbacked in Tudor histories and particularly in Shakespeare 's play , and who was defeated , despite his armies , at Bosworth Field in 1485 . 
 Professor David Daube suggested in The Oxford Magazine of 16 February 1956 that Humpty Dumpty was a " tortoise " siege engine , an armoured frame , used unsuccessfully to approach the walls of the Parliamentary held city of Gloucester in 1643 during the Siege of Gloucester in the English Civil War . This was on the basis of a contemporary account of the attack , but without evidence that the rhyme was connected . The theory was part of an anonymous series of articles on the origin of nursery rhymes and was widely acclaimed in academia , but it was derided by others as " ingenuity for ingenuity 's sake " and declared to be a spoof . The link was nevertheless popularised by a children 's opera All the King 's Men by Richard Rodney Bennett , first performed in 1969 . 
 From 1996 , the website of the Colchester tourist board attributed the origin of the rhyme to a cannon recorded as used from the church of St Mary @-@ at @-@ the @-@ Wall by the Royalist defenders in the siege of 1648 . In 1648 , Colchester was a walled town with a castle and several churches and was protected by the city wall . The story given was that a large cannon , which the website claimed was colloquially called Humpty Dumpty , was strategically placed on the wall . A shot from a Parliamentary cannon succeeded in damaging the wall beneath Humpty Dumpty which caused the cannon to tumble to the ground . The Royalists ( or Cavaliers , " all the King 's men " ) attempted to raise Humpty Dumpty on to another part of the wall , but the cannon was so heavy that " All the King 's horses and all the King 's men couldn 't put Humpty together again " . Author Albert Jack claimed in his 2008 book Pop Goes the Weasel : The Secret Meanings of Nursery Rhymes that there were two other verses supporting this claim . Elsewhere , he claimed to have found them in an " old dusty library , [ in ] an even older book " , but did not state what the book was or where it was found . It has been pointed out that the two additional verses are not in the style of the seventeenth century or of the existing rhyme , and that they do not fit with the earliest printed versions of the rhyme , which do not mention horses and men . 
 
 = = In Through the Looking @-@ Glass = = 
 
 Humpty appears in Lewis Carroll 's Through the Looking @-@ Glass ( 1872 ) , where he discusses semantics and pragmatics with Alice . 
 " I don 't know what you mean by ' glory , ' " Alice said . 
 Humpty Dumpty smiled contemptuously . " Of course you don 't — till I tell you . I meant ' there 's a nice knock @-@ down argument for you ! ' " 
 " But ' glory ' doesn 't mean ' a nice knock @-@ down argument ' , " Alice objected . 
 " When I use a word , " Humpty Dumpty said , in rather a scornful tone , " it means just what I choose it to mean — neither more nor less . " 
 " The question is , " said Alice , " whether you can make words mean so many different things . " 
 " The question is , " said Humpty Dumpty , " which is to be master — that 's all . " 
 Alice was too much puzzled to say anything , so after a minute Humpty Dumpty began again . " They 've a temper , some of them — particularly verbs , they 're the proudest — adjectives you can do anything with , but not verbs — however , I can manage the whole lot ! Impenetrability ! That 's what I say ! " 
 This passage was used in Britain by Lord Atkin in his dissenting judgement in the seminal case Liversidge v. Anderson ( 1942 ) , where he protested about the distortion of a statute by the majority of the House of Lords . It also became a popular citation in United States legal opinions , appearing in 250 judicial decisions in the Westlaw database as of 19 April 2008 , including two Supreme Court cases ( TVA v. Hill and Zschernig v. Miller ) . 
 It has been suggested by A. J. Larner that Carroll 's Humpty Dumpty had prosopagnosia on the basis of his description of his finding faces hard to recognise . 
 " The face is what one goes by , generally , " Alice remarked in a thoughtful tone . 
 " That 's just what I complain of , " said Humpty Dumpty . " Your face is the same as everybody has — the two eyes , — " ( marking their places in the air with his thumb ) " nose in the middle , mouth under . It 's always the same . Now if you had the two eyes on the same side of the nose , for instance — or the mouth at the top — that would be some help . " 
 
 = = In popular culture = = 
 
 Humpty Dumpty has become a highly popular nursery rhyme character . American actor George L. Fox ( 1825 – 77 ) helped to popularise the character in nineteenth @-@ century stage productions of pantomime versions , music , and rhyme . The character is also a common literary allusion , particularly to refer to a person in an insecure position , something that would be difficult to reconstruct once broken , or a short and fat person . Humpty Dumpty has been used in a large range of literary works in addition to his appearance as a character in Through the Looking @-@ Glass , including L. Frank Baum 's Mother Goose in Prose ( 1901 ) , where the rhyming riddle is devised by the daughter of the king , having witnessed Humpty 's " death " and her father 's soldiers ' efforts to save him . In Neil Gaiman 's early short story The Case of the Four and Twenty Blackbirds , the Humpty Dumpty story is turned into a film noir @-@ style hardboiled crime story , involving also Cock Robin , the Queen of Hearts , Little Bo Peep , Old Mother Hubbard , and other characters from popular nursery rhymes . Robert Rankin used Humpty Dumpty as one victim of a serial fairy @-@ tale character murderer in The Hollow Chocolate Bunnies of the Apocalypse ( 2002 ) . Jasper Fforde included Humpty Dumpty in his novels The Well of Lost Plots ( 2003 ) and The Big Over Easy ( 2005 ) , which use him respectively as a ringleader of dissatisfied nursery rhyme characters threatening to strike and as the victim of a murder . 
 The rhyme has also been used as a reference in more serious literary works , including as a recurring motif of the Fall of Man in James Joyce 's 1939 novel Finnegans Wake . Robert Penn Warren 's 1946 American novel All the King 's Men is the story of populist politician Willie Stark 's rise to the position of governor and eventual fall , based on the career of the corrupt Louisiana Senator Huey Long . It won the 1947 Pulitzer Prize and was twice made into a film All the King 's Men in 1949 and 2006 , the former winning the Academy Award for best motion picture . This was echoed in Carl Bernstein and Bob Woodward 's book All the President 's Men , about the Watergate scandal , referring to the failure of the President 's staff to repair the damage once the scandal had leaked out . It was filmed as All the President 's Men in 1976 , starring Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman . Similarly , Humpty Dumpty is referred to in Paul Auster 's 1985 novel City of Glass , when two characters discuss him as " the purest embodiment of the human condition " and quote extensively from Through the Looking Glass . 
 It has also been used as a common motif in popular music , including Hank Thompson 's " Humpty Dumpty Heart " ( 1948 ) , The Monkees ' " All the King 's Horses " ( 1966 ) , Aretha Franklin 's " All the King 's Horses " ( 1972 ) , Tori Amos 's " Humpty Dumpty " ( 1992 ) , and Travis 's " The Humpty Dumpty Love Song " ( 2001 ) . In jazz , Ornette Coleman and Chick Corea wrote different compositions , both titled Humpty Dumpty . ( In Corea 's case , however , it is a part of a concept album inspired by Lewis Carroll called " The Mad Hatter " , 1978 ) . 
 In the Dolly Parton song Starting Over Again , it 's all the king 's horses and all the king 's men who can 't put the divorced couple back together again . In an extra verse in one version of ABBA 's On and On and On , Humpty Dumpty is mentioned as being afraid of falling off the wall . 
 
 = = In science = = 
 
 Humpty Dumpty has been used to demonstrate the second law of thermodynamics . The law describes a process known as entropy , a measure of the number of specific ways in which a system may be arranged , often taken to be a measure of " disorder " . The higher the entropy , the higher the disorder . After his fall and subsequent shattering , the inability to put him together again is representative of this principle , as it would be highly unlikely ( though not impossible ) to return him to his earlier state of lower entropy , as the entropy of an isolated system never decreases . 
 A variation on the poem using near @-@ sounding French nonsense words is often used to illustrate the difficulty of speech recognition in different languages . A common version is as follows : 
 To a listener expecting a nursery rhyme , it will generally be heard as the English version , while someone expecting French will instead tend to hear nonsense words . 
 
 
 = Welsh National Opera = 
 
 Welsh National Opera ( WNO ) ( Welsh : Opera Cenedlaethol Cymru ) is an opera company based in Cardiff , Wales ; it gave its first performances in 1946 . It began as a mainly amateur body and transformed into an all @-@ professional ensemble by 1973 . In its early days the company gave a single week 's annual season in Cardiff , gradually extending its schedule to become an all @-@ year @-@ round operation , with its own salaried chorus and orchestra . It has been described by The New York Times as " one of the finest operatic ensembles in Europe " . 
 For most of its existence the company lacked a permanent base in Cardiff , but in 2004 it moved into the new Wales Millennium Centre , Cardiff Bay . The company tours nationally and internationally , giving more than 120 performances annually , with a repertoire of eight operas each year , to a combined audience of more than 150 @,@ 000 people . Its most frequent venues other than Cardiff are Llandudno in Wales and Bristol , Birmingham , Liverpool , Milton Keynes , Oxford , Plymouth , and Southampton in England . 
 Singers who have been associated with the company include Geraint Evans , Thomas Allen , Anne Evans , and Bryn Terfel . Guest artists from other countries have included Joan Hammond , Tito Gobbi and Elisabeth Söderström . Among the conductors have been Sir Charles Mackerras , Reginald Goodall , James Levine and Pierre Boulez . The company has been led since 2011 by David Pountney as chief executive and artistic director . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Choral singing became increasingly popular in 19th @-@ century Wales , principally owing to the rise of the eisteddfod as a symbol of its culture . The first Welsh National Opera Company was formed in 1890 . A local newspaper commented that it was remarkable that " a race of people to whom vocal music is a ruling passion should not generations ago have established a permanent national opera " . The company gave performances of operas by the Welsh composer Joseph Parry in Cardiff and on tour in Wales . The company , predominantly amateur with some professional guest singers from the London stage , gave numerous performances of Parry 's Blodwen and Arienwen , composed in 1878 and 1890 respectively . An American tour was planned , but the company folded , and Parry 's final opera , The Maid of Cefn Ydfa , was given at Cardiff by the Moody @-@ Manners Opera Company in 1902 . 
 A Cardiff Grand Opera Society ran from 1924 to 1934 . It presented week @-@ long annual seasons of popular operas including Faust , Carmen and Il trovatore , and like its predecessor was mainly an amateur body , with professional guest principals . Apart from the productions of these two enterprises , opera in Wales in the late 19th and early 20th centuries was generally presented by visiting companies from England . 
 In the 1930s Idloes Owen , a singing teacher and conductor , ran an amateur choir , the Lyrian Singers , based in Cardiff . In November 1941 , together with John Morgan – a former Carl Rosa baritone – and Morgan 's fiancée Helena Hughes Brown , Owen agreed to found the Lyrian Grand Opera Company , with Brown as secretary and Owen as conductor and general manager . They publicised their plan and held a general meeting of potential supporters in December 1943 ; at that meeting the name of the proposed organisation was changed to " Welsh National Opera Company " . By January 1944 plans were far enough advanced for the company 's first rehearsals to be held . Owen recruited a local businessman , W. H. ( Bill ) Smith ( 1894 – 1968 ) , who agreed to serve as business manager . At first doubtful of the company 's prospects , Smith became its dominant influence , leading fund @-@ raiser , and chairman for twenty years from 1948 . 
 
 = = Early years = = 
 
 The new company made its debut at the Prince of Wales Theatre , Cardiff on 15 April 1946 with a double bill of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci . The orchestra was professional , mostly drawn from members of the BBC Welsh Orchestra ; all the singers were amateurs , except for Tudor Davies , a tenor well known at Covent Garden and Sadler 's Wells , who sang Canio in Pagliacci . During the week @-@ long season the new company also staged Faust , with Davies in the title role . Although nearing the end of his career he was a considerable box @-@ office draw , and the company played to full houses . Nevertheless , the expense of a professional orchestra and the hire of costumes and scenery outweighed the box @-@ office receipts , and the season made a small loss . Finance remained a recurring problem over the succeeding decades . 
 Although Owen was the conductor for the performances of Cavalliera Rusticana , and remained as musical director of the company until 1952 , his health was fragile and he conducted none of the company 's other productions . His colleague , the chorus master , Ivor John , was in charge of the first season 's Pagliacci and Faust . 
 In 1948 the organisation was registered as a limited company , and the Cardiff season was extended from one week to two . The following year the company gave its first performances in Swansea . The chorus featured 120 performers by this time . 
 The company 's first few seasons attracted little attention from the British musical establishment , but by the early 1950s London papers began to take notice . Picture Post hailed the WNO 's chorus as the finest in Britain . The Times also praised the chorus : " It has body , lightness , rhythmic precision , and , most welcome of all , unflagging and spontaneous freshness . " By this time the company had expanded its repertoire to take in Carmen , La traviata , Madame Butterfly , The Tales of Hoffmann , The Bartered Bride and Die Fledermaus . The Times commented that Smith , Owen and their colleagues were " making history for Wales . The shackles of puritanism , which had kept this country from an art @-@ form perfectly suited to its national talents and predilections ( for histrionics and dressing @-@ up are as natural to the Welsh as singing ) had been broken for ever " . 
 
 = = Consolidating : 1950s and 60s = = 
 
 In 1952 the company moved its Cardiff venue to the Sophia Gardens Pavilion ( built for the Festival of Britain ) , with the Bournemouth Municipal Orchestra as the company 's orchestra , replacing the previous ad hoc ensemble . The Pavilion was acoustically mediocre and lacked an orchestra pit ; two years later the company moved again , to the New Theatre where it played Cardiff seasons across the next fifty years . The 1952 season attracted particular interest because it included what was then a rarity : Verdi 's Nabucco . The company built a reputation for staging seldom @-@ seen Verdi works , including The Sicilian Vespers staged in the same year , I Lombardi in 1956 , and The Battle of Legnano , under the shortened title The Battle , in 1960 . The 1952 Nabucco was the WNO 's first production for which costumes and scenery were specially designed ( by Patrick Robertson ) rather than hired . 
 In 1953 the company staged its first work by a Welsh composer : Menna by Arwel Hughes . The composer conducted , and the leads were sung by two professional guest stars , Richard Lewis and Elsie Morison . The same year marked WNO 's first appearances outside Wales , playing a week at Bournemouth in April , and a week at Manchester in October , when The Manchester Guardian found the soloists first @-@ rate but the chorus disappointing , in both Nabucco and Il trovatore . A reviewer in The Musical Times commented on potential difficulties in assembling the wholly amateur chorus for performances beyond daily travelling range of their day jobs . By the time of the company 's first London season – a week at Sadler 's Wells in 1955 – the chorus was judged to be " lively and exciting " ( The Musical Times ) , " vibrant " and " moving " ( The Times ) and " joyous " ( The Manchester Guardian ) . 
 By the mid @-@ 1950s professional singers were cast in leading roles in most productions ; they included Walter Midgley in Tosca and La bohème ( 1955 ) , Raimund Herincx in Mefistofele ( 1957 ) , Heather Harper in La traviata ( 1957 ) , and Joan Hammond in Madame Butterfly ( 1958 ) . A possibility of strengthening the professional element of the company was mooted in 1958 , when a merger was proposed with the Carl Rosa Company , which was in financial difficulties . The proposal was not followed through and WNO continued independently while the Carl Rosa folded . 
 During the 1960s the company continued to widen its range . Its first Wagner production , Lohengrin , and its first Mozart , The Marriage of Figaro , were both performed in 1962 , conducted by Charles Groves . Another Welsh opera , Hughes 's Serch yw 'r Doctor ( " Love , the Doctor " ) was staged in 1960 . The popular Italian repertoire remained the core of the annual seasons , mostly directed by the head of production , John Moody . Leading roles were taken by rising stars such as John Shirley @-@ Quirk , Gwyneth Jones , Thomas Allen , Josephine Barstow and Margaret Price , the last of whom made her operatic debut with the company in 1962 . Established singers guesting with the company included Geraint Evans who played the title role in Don Pasquale in 1966 , and Ian Wallace in the same part the following year . Evans was also seen as Leporello in Don Giovanni in 1966 and as Falstaff in 1969 . 
 The gradual switch from amateur to professional continued in 1968 , when for the first time the chorus was supplemented by a smaller , professional group of singers ; the mix of amateur and professional choristers continued over the next five years . At the end of the 1960s the main WNO company , now a year @-@ round operation , consisted of 8 salaried principal singers , 57 guest soloists and a chorus of 90 amateurs and 32 professionals . As well as the Bournemouth players , the company engaged the Royal Liverpool Philharmonic , City of Birmingham Symphony and Ulster orchestras for different venues . In the last season of the decade 32 performances were given in Cardiff and 61 elsewhere in the UK . In addition to the main company , WNO maintained two smaller groups : one , with orchestra , toured Welsh towns , the other , consisting of 12 singers with piano , toured 79 , mostly small , towns in Wales and England . WNO instituted its own training scheme for young singers during the decade . 
 
 = = Fully professional : 1970s = = 
 
 In 1970 WNO stopped using the Bournemouth and other orchestras and established its own , known at first as the Welsh Philharmonia . Three years later the last amateur element of the company was removed when the chorus became fully professional . A further broadening of the repertoire took place in the 1970s : in 1971 WNO staged the first performances in Britain of Berg 's Lulu , directed by Michael Geliot , who had succeeded Moody in 1969 . In the view of Malcolm Boyd in The New Grove Dictionary of Opera , Geliot , " unpredictable and often controversial " , largely shaped the company 's style in the 1970s . In collaboration with the company 's musical director James Lockhart , Geliot is credited by The Times with introducing new young singers and " directing a host of groundbreaking productions " before leaving in 1978 . The critic Rodney Milnes wrote in 1975 about WNO 's productions : 
 I have never seen , well , hardly ever , a pretentious , silly or seriously misguided production , and neither have I seen a dull one . … The company 's greatest virtue is that its work is dedicated above all to the service of composers and audiences , and not to some abstract notion of " prestige " nor to the vanity or ambition of individuals , and in this it is almost unique . 
 In 1973 Geliot 's WNO staging of Britten 's Billy Budd with Allen in the title role was presented on a Swiss tour , and two years later it was given in Barcelona . The company returned to London with its participation in the Amoco Festival of Opera at the Dominion Theatre in 1979 , presenting The Makropoulos Case , The Magic Flute , Ernani , Madame Butterfly , and Tristan and Isolde to capacity audiences . 
 The company 's traditional preference for the Italian repertoire was partly redressed during the decade : productions include WNO 's first staging of a Richard Strauss opera , Elektra , in 1978 . A new Welsh work , Alun Hoddinott 's The Beach of Falesá , was presented in 1974 . In 1975 , in co @-@ production with Scottish Opera , WNO began a cycle of Janáček operas , directed by David Pountney . Beginning with Jenůfa , the cycle continued with The Makropoulos Case ( 1978 ) , The Cunning Little Vixen ( 1980 ) , Kátya Kabanová ( 1982 ) and From the House of the Dead ( 1982 ) . 
 Among the guest artists who appeared with the company in the 1970s were the baritone Tito Gobbi , as Falstaff ( 1972 ) , the sopranos Elisabeth Söderström as Emilia in The Makropoulos Case ( 1978 ) and Anne Evans as Senta in The Flying Dutchman ( 1972 ) , and the conductors James Levine ( Aida , 1970 ) and Reginald Goodall ( Tristan and Isolde , 1979 ) . 
 In the late 1970s WNO combined with the Cardiff @-@ based Welsh Drama Company , becoming the Welsh National Opera and Drama Company . The work of the drama company came under continued criticism , the Welsh Arts Council cut its grant , and the partnership ended in 1979 with the formal closure of the Welsh Drama Company . 
 
 = = 1980s = = 
 
 During the 1980s WNO continued to expand in scope . Handel ( Rodelinda , 1981 ) and Martinů ( The Greek Passion , 1981 ) were added to the company 's repertoire , and in 1983 Das Rheingold was staged in the WNO 's first Ring cycle , followed by the other three operas of the cycle over the next two years . Das Rheingold , Siegfried and Götterdämmerung were conducted by the company 's musical director , Richard Armstrong ; Die Walküre ( 1984 ) was conducted by Goodall ; it was seen as a coup for the company to secure his services – he was described by The Guardian as the greatest living Wagnerian conductor – but the casting of the whole cycle was criticised for some serious weaknesses among the principal singers , and reviewers were generally unimpressed by Göran Järvefelt 's production . 
 The chief executive , Brian McMaster , did not appoint a replacement to Geliot as principal director during the 1980s , preferring to engage guest producers . Boyd mentions Andrei Șerban 's Eugene Onegin ( 1980 ) among the successes and Lucian Pintilie 's Carmen ( 1983 ) and Ruth Berghaus 's Don Giovanni ( 1984 ) as productions that received more mixed responses . Sir Charles Mackerras , the conductor for Don Giovanni , was open in his contempt for Berghaus 's production . Harry Kupfer 's Fidelio ( 1981 ) was condemned by The Daily Telegraph as " a piece of Marxist polemic " making " political sport " of Beethoven 's work . McMaster was thought by some too inclined to favour radical eastern European directors : Jonathan Miller , a leading English director , commented that he did not intend to take Bulgarian nationality , although it was " a must before Brian pays any attention " . 
 Armstrong stepped down in 1986 after thirteen years as musical director ; he was succeeded by Mackerras , whose association with the company dated back more than thirty years . Among the features of his six @-@ year tenure was an increasing use of surtitles for performances not given in English . In the company 's early days , all operas had been sung in English , but as more international stars began to appear as guest principals the language policy had to be reconsidered : few of the leading names in world opera were interested in relearning their roles in English . WNO steered a middle course between the practices of the two main London companies ; after the 1960s The Royal Opera had generally given operas in the original language , and English National Opera was committed to opera in English . WNO 's practice varied , after its early years . Examples from the 1980s include Wagner 's Tristan und Isolde sung in German , and the Ring in English ; and Verdi 's The Force of Destiny given in English and Otello in Italian . Mackerras was a strong advocate of performance in the original language , with surtitles : " I can 't imagine a greater advance for opera . … What a gift ! It 's like Siegfried understanding the woodbird . " 
 
 = = 1990s = = 
 
 McMaster resigned in 1991 , having led the company to international status , with performances at La Scala , Milan ; the Metropolitan Opera , New York ; and in Tokyo . One of the last legacies of his tenure was the 1992 production of Debussy 's Pelléas et Mélisande , directed by Peter Stein and conducted by Pierre Boulez . The New York Times called WNO " one of the finest operatic ensembles in Europe " and noted that the first night of the Debussy work , in Cardiff , " attracted 80 critics from all over the United Kingdom and the Continent ... the most prestigious , intensely awaited event of the British operatic season . " The production was given at the Théâtre du Châtelet , Paris , a few weeks afterwards . 
 McMaster was followed as chief executive by Matthew Epstein , whose three years in charge ( 1991 – 94 ) were described in a 2006 study by Paul Atkinson as " a less happy and less successful period " . Epstein was replaced by Anthony Freud , under whom , according to Atkinson , productions became " consistently strong , musically well prepared , intelligently staged and well cast . " Mackerras was succeeded in 1992 by Carlo Rizzi , who was music director at the time of WNO 's golden jubilee in 1996 . When the occasion was marked with a new production of the " Cav and Pag " double bill that had launched the company in 1946 , the BBC commented that WNO was " one of the most respected opera companies in the world " . In The Observer , Michael Ratcliffe called the company " the most popular , populist and consistently successful arts organisation ever to come out of Wales ... with the loyalty and affection of audiences in Cardiff and across England … ' The people 's opera ' is not a myth . It happened here . " The jubilee celebrations were overshadowed by the collapse of a plan for a purpose @-@ built home for the company , the Cardiff Bay Opera House . 
 During the 1990s WNO made its Proms debut , with a complete performance of Mozart 's Idomeneo , conducted by Mackerras in 1991 . The company played three short seasons at the Royal Opera House , Covent Garden in the mid @-@ 1990s , featuring Tristan und Isolde and La favorita in 1993 , The Yeomen of the Guard in 1995 , and The Rake 's Progress and the jubilee double bill of Cavalleria Rusticana and Pagliacci in 1996 . 
 
 = = 21st century = = 
 
 The company entered the new millennium in a state of some turmoil . A financial crisis had led to redundancies in the orchestra and the curtailment of the touring schedule ; the conservative works chosen for 2001 – 02 were condemned by the press as " the dullest programme in recent memory " ; and Rizzi was about to be replaced by a young and untried successor , Tugan Sokhiev . Rizzi had gained great respect and affection during his nine @-@ year term as musical director ; his successor 's reign was brief and unhappy . Having taken up post in 2003 , Sohkiev resigned precipitately the following year . Rizzi agreed to reorganise his schedule , and , to public and critical acclaim , returned to the musical directorship in time to prepare the company for its long @-@ awaited move into a permanent base in Cardiff . 
 After the collapse of the Cardiff Bay Opera House scheme , a new project , the Wales Millennium Centre , met with more success . The necessary consents and funding were obtained , and work began in 2002 on a new multipurpose arts centre on the Cardiff Bay site . The centre included a 1 @,@ 900 @-@ seat theatre , which , among other uses , became WNO 's home base from 2004 , with its own rehearsal space and offices in the complex . 
 In the first decade of the 21st century WNO gave more than 120 performances a year , with a repertoire , generally , of eight full @-@ scale operas . Its regular audience figures totalled over 150 @,@ 000 annually , in ten principal venues , three of them in Wales and seven in England . During this period the company was criticised for being insufficiently Welsh . A local politician , Adam Price , said that WNO ought to have a Welsh musical director ; Alun Hoddinott said in 2004 , " WNO has put on perhaps four or five Welsh operas over 20 years . ... They just seem to have an anti @-@ Welsh music bias . I am sad that they do not do something for Welsh composers , especially young ones . " A more positive view of WNO came from Scotland , where the two main newspapers , The Scotsman and The Herald , greeted a visit from the company in 2005 with enthusiastic praise , contrasting the flourishing of opera in Wales with its neglect by politicians in Scotland and the consequent decline of Scottish Opera . In 2010 WNO commissioned Gair ar Gnawd ( " Word on Flesh " ) , by Pwyll ap Siôn and Menna Elfyn , with words in Welsh , described as " a contemporary story about Wales today ... inspired by the translation of the Bible " . 
 From 2006 to 2011 the chief executive ( titled " artistic director " ) was John Fisher . His term overlapped with that of Lothar Koenigs who was musical director from 2009 to 2016 . A highlight of this period was the 2010 production of Die Meistersinger , produced by Richard Jones , starring Bryn Terfel as Hans Sachs . The production won superlatives from reviewers . 
 In 2011 David Pountney was appointed to succeed Fisher as chief executive . He had worked with the company since the 1970s , most recently on a 2006 The Flying Dutchman with Terfel which was set in space . In 2013 he programmed a trilogy of operas set in Tudor England : Donizetti 's Anna Bolena , Maria Stuarda and Roberto Devereux , with another trilogy the following year , on the theme of fallen women – Puccini 's Manon Lescaut , Henze 's Boulevard Solitude and Verdi 's La traviata . For 2016 Pountney scheduled another trilogy , this time on the theme of Figaro , consisting of Mozart 's The Marriage of Figaro and Rossini 's The Barber of Seville and a new work , Figaro Gets a Divorce with music by Elena Langer and libretto by Pountney . 
 In September 2015 WNO announced the appointment of Tomáš Hanus as its next music director , taking office for the 2016 – 17 season . At the same time Carlo Rizzi was named the company 's conductor laureate , with immediate effect . 
 
 = = Recordings = = 
 
 Although the chorus and orchestra of Welsh National Opera have appeared on many commercial recordings , often featuring regular WNO soloists , there have been few sets , either audio or video , of the company 's own productions . Among those are Tristan und Isolde conducted by Goodall ( 1981 ) , Pelléas et Mélisande conducted by Boulez ( 1992 ) , The Yeomen of the Guard , conducted by Mackerras ( 1995 ) , The Doctor of Myddfai conducted by Armstrong ( 1998 ) , and Ariodante conducted by Ivor Bolton , directed by David Alden ( 1999 ) . The BBC made a studio video recording of a WNO cast in Katya Kabanova , conducted by Armstrong in 1982 . 
 The WNO chorus and orchestra have been engaged for studio opera recordings unconnected with the company 's productions , including Hamlet ( 1983 ) , Norma ( 1984 ) , Anna Bolena ( 1987 ) , Ernani ( 1987 ) and Adriana Lecouvreur ( 1988 ) conducted by Richard Bonynge , Faust ( 1993 ) and Katya Kabanova ( 1994 ) conducted by Rizzi ; and Gloriana ( 1993 ) , Eugene Onegin ( 1994 ) and Jenůfa ( 2004 ) conducted by Mackerras . For the WNO jubilee in 1996 , Decca drew on some of its studio recordings for a celebratory CD set with contributions from many soloists who had appeared onstage with the company and some who had not , the latter including Joan Sutherland , Luciano Pavarotti , Montserrat Caballe and Thomas Hampson . The orchestra of WNO has made studio recordings of non @-@ operatic music by Elgar , Delius , Coleridge @-@ Taylor and George Lloyd , and several sets of traditional Welsh songs and crossover music . 
 
 = = Music directors = = 
 
 
 
 = England national rugby union team = 
 
 The England national rugby union team represents England in rugby union . They compete in the annual Six Nations Championship with France , Ireland , Scotland , Italy , and Wales . They have won this championship on a total of 27 occasions , 13 times winning the Grand Slam , making them the most successful team in the tournament 's history . They are ranked second in the world by the International Rugby Board as of 20 June 2016 . England are the first , and to date the only , team from the northern hemisphere to win the Rugby World Cup , when they won the tournament back in 2003 . They were also runners @-@ up in 1991 and 2007 . 
 The history of the team extends back to 1871 when the English rugby team played their first official Test match , losing to Scotland by one goal . England dominated the early Home Nations Championship ( now the Six Nations ) which started in 1883 . Following the schism of rugby football in 1895 , England did not win the Championship again until 1910 . England first played against New Zealand in 1905 , South Africa in 1906 , and Australia in 1909 . England was one of the teams invited to take part in the inaugural Rugby World Cup in 1987 and went on to appear in the final in the second tournament in 1991 , losing 12 – 6 to Australia . Following their 2003 Six Nations Championship Grand Slam , they went on to win it again in 2016 . England also won the World Cup – beating Australia 20 – 17 in extra time . They also contested the final in 2007 , losing 15 – 6 to South Africa . 
 England players traditionally wear a white shirt with a Rose embroidered on the chest , white shorts , and navy blue socks with a white trim . 
 Their home ground is Twickenham Stadium where they first played in 1910 . The team is administered by the Rugby Football Union ( RFU ) . Four former players have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame ; one of these is also a member of the IRB Hall of Fame . Seven other former players are members of the IRB Hall — four solely for their accomplishments as players , two solely for their achievements in other roles in the sport , and one for achievements both as a player and administrator . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The expansion of rugby in the first half of the 19th century was driven by ex @-@ pupils from many of England 's Public Schools , especially Rugby , who , upon finishing school , took the game with them to universities , to London , and to the counties . England 's first international match was against Scotland on Monday 27 March 1871 . Not only was this match England 's first , but it also proved to be the first ever rugby union international . Scotland won the match by a goal and a try to a try , in front of a crowd of 4 @,@ 000 people at Raeburn Place , Edinburgh . A subsequent international took place at the Oval in London on 5 February 1872 which saw England defeat Scotland by a goal , a drop goal and two tries to one drop goal . In those early days there was no points system , it was only after 1890 that a format allowing the introduction of a points system was provided . Up until 1875 international rugby matches were decided by the number of goals scored ( conversions and dropped goals ) , but from 1876 the number of tries scored could be used to decide a match if teams were level on goals . 
 In 1875 , England played their first game against the Irish at the Oval , winning by one goal , one drop goal and one try to nil ; the match was Ireland 's first ever Test . England defeated Scotland in 1880 to become the first winners of the Calcutta Cup . Their first match against Wales was played on 19 February 1881 at Richardson 's Field in Blackheath . England recorded their largest victory , defeating the Welsh by seven goals , six tries , and one drop goal to nil and scoring 13 tries in the process . The subsequent meeting the following year at St Helens in Swansea was a closer contest ; with England winning by two goals and four tries to nil Two years later , the first Home Nations championship was held and England emerged as the inaugural winners . In 1889 , England played their first match against a non @-@ home nations team when they defeated the New Zealand Natives by one goal and four tries to nil at Rectory Field in Blackheath . In 1890 England shared the Home Nations trophy with Scotland . 
 England first played New Zealand ( the All Blacks ) in 1905 . The All Blacks scored five tries , worth three points at this time , to win 15 – 0 . The following year , they played France for the first time , and later that year they first faced South Africa ( known as the Springboks ) ; James Peters was withdrawn from the England squad after the South Africans objected to playing against a black player . The match was drawn 3 – 3 . England first played France in 1905 , and Australia ( known as the Wallabies ) in 1909 when they were defeated 9 – 3 . 
 The year 1909 saw the opening of Twickenham as the RFU 's new home , which heralded a golden era for English rugby union . England 's first international at Twickenham brought them victory over Wales , and England went on to win the International Championship ( then known as the Five Nations ) for the first time since the great schism of 1895 . Although England did not retain the title in 1911 , they did share it in 1912 . A Five Nations Grand Slam was then achieved in 1913 and 1914 as well as in 1921 following the First World War . England subsequently won the Grand Slam in 1924 and as well as in 1925 . This was despite having started 1925 with a loss to the All Black Invincibles in front of 60 @,@ 000 fans at Twickenham . 
 After winning another Grand Slam in 1928 , England played the Springboks in front of 70 @,@ 000 spectators at Twickenham in 1931 . Following the ejection of France due to professionalism in 1930 , which thus reverted The Five Nations back to the Home Nations tournament , England went on to win the 1934 and 1937 Home Nations with a Triple Crown , and in 1935 achieved their first victory over the All Blacks . 
 When the Five Nations resumed with the re @-@ admission of France in 1947 after the Second World War , England shared the championship with Wales . The early Five Nations competitions of the 1950s were unsuccessful for England , winning one match in the 1950 and 1951 championships . England won the 1953 Five Nations , and followed this up with a Grand Slam in 1957 , and win in 1958 . England broke France 's four @-@ championship streak by winning the 1963 Championship . After this victory , England played three Tests in the Southern Hemisphere and lost all three : 21 – 11 and 9 – 6 against the All Blacks , and 18 – 9 against Australia . England did not win a single match in 1966 , and managed only a draw with Ireland . They did not win another Championship that decade ; a fact that prompted amateur historian F. W. P. Syms to declare this period ' the sorriest in English Rugby Union History ' . 
 Don White was appointed as England 's first @-@ ever coach in 1969 . According to former Northampton player Bob Taylor , " Don was chosen because he was the most forward @-@ thinking coach in England " . His first match in charge was an 11 – 8 victory over South Africa at Twickenham in 1969 . Of the eleven games England played with White in charge they won three , and drew one and lost seven . He resigned as England coach in 1971 . 
 England had wins against Southern Hemisphere teams in the 1970s ; with victories over South Africa in 1972 , New Zealand in 1973 and Australia in 1973 and 1976 . The 1972 Five Nations Championship was not completed due to the Troubles in Northern Ireland when Scotland and Wales refused to play their Five Nations away fixtures in Ireland . England played in Dublin in 1973 and were given a standing ovation lasting five minutes . After losing 18 – 9 at Lansdowne Road , the England captain , John Pullin famously stated , " We might not be very good but at least we turned up . " 
 England started the following decade with a Grand Slam victory in the 1980 Five Nations – their first for 23 years . However in the 1983 Five Nations Championship , England failed to win a game and picked up the wooden spoon . In the first Rugby World Cup in New Zealand and Australia , England were grouped in pool A alongside Australia , Japan and the United States . England lost their first game 19 – 6 against Australia . They went on to defeat Japan and the United States , and met Wales in their quarter @-@ final , losing the match 16 – 3 . 
 In 1989 , England won matches against Romania and Fiji , followed by victories in their first three Five Nations games of 1990 . They lost to Scotland in their last game however , giving Scotland a Grand Slam . England recovered in the following year by winning their first Grand Slam since 1980 . England hosted the 1991 World Cup and were in pool A , along with the All Blacks , Italy and the United States . Although they lost to the All Blacks in pool play , they qualified for a quarter @-@ final going on to defeat France 19 – 10 . England then defeated Scotland 9 – 6 to secure a place in the final against Australia which they lost 12 – 6 . 
 The next year , England completed another Grand Slam and did not lose that year , including a victory over the Springboks . In the lead up to the 1995 World Cup in South Africa , England completed another Grand Slam – their third in five years . In the World Cup , England defeated Argentina , Italy and Samoa in pool play and then defeated Australia 25 – 22 in their quarter @-@ final . England 's semi @-@ final was dominated by the All Blacks and featured four tries , now worth five points each , by Jonah Lomu ; England lost 45 – 29 . They then lost the third / fourth place play @-@ off match against France . 
 In 1997 , Clive Woodward became England 's coach . That year , England drew with New Zealand at Twickenham after being heavily defeated in Manchester the week before . England toured Australia , New Zealand and South Africa in 1998 . Many of the England team made themselves unavailable for the tour nicknamed the " tour from hell " where England were beaten 76 – 0 by the Wallabies . In 1999 during the last ever Five Nations match , Scott Gibbs sliced through six English tackles to score in the last minute , and the last ever Five Nations title went to Scotland . 
 England commenced the new decade by winning the inaugural Six Nations title . In 2001 , Ireland defeated England 20 – 14 in a postponed match at Lansdowne Road to deny them a Grand Slam . Although the 2002 Six Nations Championship title was won by France , England had the consolation of winning the Triple Crown . In 2002 , England defeated Argentina in Buenos Aires , and then a second string All Blacks , Australia , and South Africa at Twickenham . In 2003 , England won the Grand Slam for the first time since 1995 , followed by wins over Australia and the All Blacks on their Summer tour in June . 
 Going into the 2003 World Cup , England were one of the tournament favourites . They reached the final on 22 November 2003 against host Australia and became world champions after a match @-@ winning drop goal by star flyhalf Jonny Wilkinson deep into extra time that made the final score 20 – 17 . Not only was it their first Rugby World Cup victory , but it was the country 's first World Cup since winning the 1966 FIFA ( football ) World Cup as hosts . On 8 December , the English team greeted 750 @,@ 000 supporters on their victory parade through London before meeting Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace . 
 In the 2004 Six Nations Championship , England lost to both France and Ireland and finished third . Sir Clive Woodward resigned on 2 September and Andy Robinson was appointed England head coach . Robinson 's first Six Nations campaign in 2005 resulted in fourth place for England , and although they then defeated Australia 26 – 16 , the year was completed with a 23 – 19 loss to the All Blacks . 
 Following their loss to South Africa in the 2006 end of year Tests , England had lost eight of their last nine Tests – their worst ever losing streak . Coach Andy Robinson resigned after this run , and attack coach Brian Ashton was appointed head coach in December 2006 . England started the 2007 Six Nations Championship with a Calcutta Cup victory over Scotland . The championship also included a historic match at Croke Park against Ireland which England lost 43 – 13 , their heaviest ever defeat to Ireland . 
 In the 2007 World Cup England played in Pool A with Samoa , Tonga , South Africa and the United States . They qualified for the quarter finals after losing embarrassingly to South Africa 36 – 0 where they defeated Australia 12 – 10 , and then faced hosts France in their semi final . England won 14 – 9 to qualify for the final against South Africa , which they lost 15 – 6 . England followed up the World Cup with two consecutive 2nd place finishes in the Six Nations , behind Wales and Ireland respectively . The 2009 Six Nations also saw former England Captain Martin Johnson take up the job of head coach . However , Johnson could not replicate his on @-@ field success to management , and resigned in November 2011 following a miserable 2011 Rugby World Cup which ended in quarter @-@ final defeat by France and featured a series of on and off @-@ field controversies . 
 On 29 March 2012 , Stuart Lancaster , the former Elite Rugby Director at Leeds Carnegie was appointed England head coach by the Rugby Football Union . Previously Lancaster was appointed as the head coach on a short term basis assisted by existing forwards coach Graham Rowntree and Andy Farrell . 
 Lancaster was considered a success in his first campaign as England coach - during the 2012 Six Nations Championship , defending Champions England finished in second place after losing 19 – 12 to Wales at Twickenham Stadium , but successfully defended the Calcutta Cup beating Scotland 13 – 6 at Murrayfield . England finished the year on a high , after outplaying World Cup holders New Zealand in November , in which England dominated to win 38 – 21 . The All Blacks had been unbeaten in 20 matches but were completely outplayed by England . 
 During the 2013 Six Nations Championship again England finished in second place behind Wales after losing the opportunity of being Grand Slam winners for the first time since 2003 , by losing to Wales in Cardiff 30 – 3 . It was also the first time every team managed to win at least 3 competition points ( the equivalent of a win and a draw or three draws ) since 1974 . However , England did again defeat Scotland for the Calcutta Cup 38 – 18 at Twickenham . 
 During the 2013 summer tour to South America in which Lancaster took an experimental side , England beat a South American select XV before a 2 – 0 series victory over Argentina , a first away series win against The Pumas for 32 years . England hosted the 2015 Rugby World Cup but were eliminated in the Pool stage , earning the unenviable reputation of being the first side in Rugby World Cup history to have hosted the tournament and yet to have failed to qualify for the knockout stages . 
 
 = = Twickenham = = 
 
 Up until 1910 , the English rugby team used various stadia in a number of venues around England before settling at Twickenham Stadium . It is the largest rugby @-@ dedicated stadium in the world . After sell @-@ out matches at Crystal Palace in 1905 and 1906 against New Zealand and South Africa respectively , the Rugby Football Union ( RFU ) decided to invest in their own ground . In 1906 , the RFU arranged for William Williams to find a home ground for English Rugby . The land for the ground was purchased the following year for £ 5 @,@ 572 12s and 6d , and construction began the following year . 
 The first England match was held on 9 October 1910 between England and Wales . England ran out winners , 11 – 6 , beating Wales for the first time since 1898 . The stadium was expanded in 1927 and again in 1932 . Further upgrades did not happen until the 1990s when new North , East and West stands were built . A new South stand was built in 2005 and 2006 to make the stadium into a complete bowl . The first match to be played at the redeveloped Twickenham was on Sunday 5 November 2006 against the All Blacks . England lost the match 41 @-@ 20 in front of a record crowd of 82 @,@ 076 . 
 Although England have played home matches almost exclusively at Twickenham since 1910 , they have played at Huddersfield 's Galpharm Stadium twice in 1998 , at Old Trafford against New Zealand in 1997 and at Wembley Stadium against Canada in 1992 . They also played the first of a two @-@ test series against Argentina at Old Trafford in June 2009 , a match originally scheduled to be held in Argentina but moved by the country 's national federation for financial reasons . 
 The pitch at Twickenham was replaced by a hybrid ' Desso ' type , in June 2012 , which uses artificial fibres entwined with real grass . This makes it a lot harder wearing in wet conditions . 
 
 = = = Swing Low , Sweet Chariot = = = 
 
 " Swing Low , Sweet Chariot " is very commonly sung at England fixtures – especially at Twickenham . The song arrived in the rugby canon through the Welsh male voice choirs who sang many spirituals . It was a popular rugby song at clubs during the 1950s and 1960s and was sung every year at Twickenham during the end @-@ of @-@ season all @-@ day Middlesex Sevens tournament accompanied by risqué hand gestures that played on the double entendres of some of the words . During the 1970s the Twickenham crowd also sang it during England matches then coming into the last match of the 1988 season , against the Irish , England had lost 15 of their previous 23 matches in the Five Nations Championship . The Twickenham crowd had only seen one solitary England try in the previous two years and at half time against Ireland they were 3 – 0 down . During the second half a remarkable transformation took place and England started playing an expansive game many had doubted they were capable of producing . A 3 – 0 deficit was turned into a 35 – 3 win , with England scoring six tries . 
 In the 35 – 3 win , three of England 's tries were scored by Chris Oti , a player who had made a reputation for himself that season as a speedster on the left wing . A group of boys from the Benedictine school Douai following a tradition at their school games sang the song on his final try , and other spectators around the ground joined in . Since then " Swing Low , Sweet Chariot " became a song to sing at England home games , in the same way that " The Fields of Athenry " is sung in Dublin and " Cwm Rhondda " is sung at Cardiff . It has since become the anthem of the team as in 1991 the result of a plan of the then RFU marketing director Mike Coley for the team to launch a song leading up to that year 's Rugby World Cup . He had wanted to use Jerusalem but it was used in the Rugby League cup final that year so the song was changed at short notice to " Swing Low " . There were a number of versions recorded including a ' rap ' version with Jerry Guscott doing a solo . Needless to say that was never released but the version released did reach the top 40 in the UK singles chart during the competition and was then adopted as the England rugby song . 
 
 = = Strip = = 
 
 England have typically worn all @-@ white shirts , white shorts with navy and white socks . The emblem on the shirts is a red rose , rather than the Plantagenet Three Lions displayed on the shirts of the England football and cricket teams . The strip is manufactured by Canterbury and O2 is the shirt sponsor . Red was the change strip , although prior to the introduction of the red strip , navy blue was used . Purple was used as the change strip as of the 2009 autumn internationals , reflecting the traditional colour of the original England track @-@ suits from the 1960s , 70s and 80s . For the 2011 Rugby World Cup the change kit was black . 
 The Rugby Football Union ( RFU ) had created the national side 's emblem prior to an English team being sent to Edinburgh to play a Scottish side . A red rose was chosen to be the side 's emblem . The white kit worn by the national team was taken from the kit used at Rugby School . Alfred Wright , an employee of the Rugby Football Union , is credited with the standardisation and new design of the rose , which up until 1920 had undergone many variations in its depiction . The Wright design is thought to have been used without minor alteration until the late 1990s . It was not until 1997 that the rose was modernised when Nike became the official strip supplier . 
 In 2003 England first used a skin @-@ tight strip . This was intended to make it more difficult for the opposition to grasp the shirt when tackling . The home and away strips for 2007 were unveiled on 15 May that year . The materials used are superior , offering improved performance to the 2003 kit . However , a sweeping red mark on the base @-@ white front which forms St George 's Cross on the top left , and a changed away @-@ strip ( dark blue to red ) , have received criticism because it is felt that emphasis has been placed on St George 's Cross at the expense of the traditional red rose . The new strip was introduced in England 's home game against Wales on 4 August , while the alternative strip was first used against France on 18 August . 
 The former England home strip was white with a strip of red around the neck , and the away strip was black ( causing much controversy due to the famous All @-@ Black kit of New Zealand ) , both kits had a ground breaking new technology in the form of a gripper print . A special strip was worn during the match versus Wales in the 2010 Six Nations Championship which replicated that worn in 1910 to celebrate the 100 year anniversary of Twickenham . The current , 2013 @-@ 14 , England strip is made by Canterbury . It features plain white shorts and a plain white shirt , but with an added black stripe on each sleeve . The current away kit has a red and white striped shirt , with blue shorts . In 2014 / 15 , the home shirt was white , with a " V @-@ Neck " around the collar . The kit also had little St George 's crosses on the main chest . It also had the O2 sponsorship marking on the chest . The shorts were plain white with the sponsorship marking on them . The socks were dark blue and had a white stripe at the top . The alternate shirt was exactly the same but was red instead of white . The shorts were navy blue and the socks were red with a white stripe on top . The 2015 / 16 strip was similar but didn 't have the small crosses on the shirt . The Canterbury logo was straight and not diagonal it had white lines going horizontally across the chest . For the 2015 Rugby World Cup , the kit remained the same just with the Rugby World Cup logo on the right and no O2 logo in the centre . For the home strip , the shorts and socks remained the same . The away 2015 / 16 strip and World Cup strip was red , with dark red and maroon sleeves . The shorts were maroon and the socks were red with a maroon stripe on top . 
 
 = = Record = = 
 
 
 = = = Six Nations = = = 
 
 England competes annually in the Six Nations Championship , which is played against five other European nations : France , Ireland , Italy , Scotland , and Wales . The Six Nations started out as the Home Nations Championship in 1883 which England won with a Triple Crown . England have won the title outright 27 times ( a record for the tournament ) and shared victory ten times . Their longest wait between championships was 18 years ( 1892 – 1910 ) . During the Six Nations , England also contests the Calcutta Cup with Scotland ( which England first won in 1880 ) and the Millennium Trophy with Ireland ( which England first won in 1988 ) . The matches between England and France are traditionally known as " Le Crunch " . 
 
 = = = World Cup = = = 
 
 England have contested every Rugby World Cup since it began in 1987 , reaching the final three times and winning in 2003 . 
 In the inaugural tournament they finished second in their pool before losing to Wales in the quarter @-@ finals . They again finished pool runners @-@ up in 1991 but recovered to beat France in their quarter @-@ final , and then Scotland in their semi @-@ final , en route to a 12 – 6 final defeat to Australia . 
 In 1995 , England topped their pool and defeated Australia 25 – 22 at the quarter @-@ final stage before being beaten by the All Blacks in the semi @-@ final . Their third @-@ fourth place play @-@ off match against France was lost 19 – 9 . 
 The 1999 competition saw England again finish second in the pool stage . Though they proceeded to win a play @-@ off game against Fiji , they went out of the tournament in the quarter @-@ finals , losing 44 – 21 to South Africa . 
 In the 2003 tournament , England came top of their pool . They progressed to the final beating Wales and France in the quarter and semi finals . England won the final with a drop goal in the last minute of extra time . 
 The 2007 defence of the cup in France got off to a very poor start , with a below par victory over the United States and a heavy 36 – 0 defeat to South Africa leaving the holders on the brink of elimination at the group stage . Improved performances against Samoa and Tonga saw England again reach the knockout stages as pool runners @-@ up , before a surprise 12 – 10 defeat of Australia in Marseille and a narrow 14 – 9 victory over the host nation France carried England to a second successive final appearance . The final was played in Paris on 20 October against South Africa , who won by 15 points to 6 . 
 In 2011 , England reached the quarter final stage , losing 19 @-@ 12 to France . 
 In 2015 , England became the first sole host nation to fail to qualify for the knockout stage , exiting the pool stage after losses to Wales and Australia . 
 England 's Jonny Wilkinson is the highest points scorer in the rugby world cup , having scored 277 points between 1999 and 2011 . England have the fourth most points and fourth most tries scored in the World Cup . 
 
 = = = Overall = = = 
 
 When the World Rankings were introduced in October 2003 , England was ranked 1st . They briefly fell to 2nd in September that year before regaining 1st place . They fell to 2nd , and then to 3rd in June 2004 . After the 2005 Six Nations they fell to 6th where they remained until they moved into 5th in December that year . In 2006 , their ranking again fell and they finished the year ranked 7th . 2007 saw them bounce back to 3rd after their good run in that year 's World Cup , where they finished Runners Up . In 2008 , their rankings slipped so that during the 2009 Six Nations Championship they dropped to their lowest ranking of 8th . They again were 8th during the autumn internationals of the same year . After a resurgence which saw them rise to a ranking of 4th in the world , the team again slipped , following a poor showing at the 2011 Rugby World Cup , and was ranked 6th in February 2012 . England entered the 2015 Rugby World Cup ranked 4th . However , after failing to exit the pool stage , England were ranked 8th in the world as of 1 November 2015 . 
 England has won 381 of their 701 Test matches , a winning record of 54 @.@ 35 % . Below is a summary table of capped England matches up until 25 June 2016 . Only fixtures recognised as test matches by the RFU are included . 
 
 = = Players = = 
 
 
 = = = Current squad = = = 
 
 On 22 May , head coach Eddie Jones named a 32 @-@ man squad for England 's tour of Australia . An additional 5 players ( denoted through * ) were also named ahead of the test match against Wales on 29 May , with the Aviva Premiership final taking place in the 28 May between Saracens and Exeter Chiefs . Ben Te 'o has been named in the squad by virtue of his English mother . Despite playing for Irish province Leinster , Te 'o will moving to Worcester Warriors in the 2016 / 17 season making him eligible for selection . 
 On 30 May , Luther Burrell replaced Manu Tuilagi in the touring squad , after Tuilagi withdrew from the squad due to injury . 
 Note : The number of caps was updated 25 June 2016 . 
 
 = = = Notable players = = = 
 
 Four former England representatives have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame : Bill Beaumont , Martin Johnson , Jason Leonard and Wavell Wakefield . 
 Seven former England internationals are also members of the IRB Hall of Fame . Four of them — Johnson , Alan Rotherham , Harry Vassall and Robert Seddon — were inducted for their accomplishments as players . Two other former England players , John Kendall @-@ Carpenter and Clive Woodward , were inducted into the IRB Hall for non @-@ playing accomplishments in the sport . Another former England player , Alfred St. George Hamersley , was inducted for achievements as both a player and a rugby administrator . 
 Wavell Wakefield represented England in 31 Tests between 1920 and 1927 , including 13 Tests as captain . He was involved in three Five Nations Grand Slams in 1921 , 1923 and 1924 . Playing as flanker , Wakefield introduced new elements to back row tactics which beforehand concentrated on the set piece . He became a Member of Parliament in 1935 , and was knighted in 1944 . He became the RFU President in 1950 and following his retirement from politics was awarded the title the first Baron Wakefield of Kendal . 
 Between 1975 and 1982 , Bill Beaumont represented England in 34 Tests . Playing at lock , he was captain between 1978 and 1982 in 21 Tests including the 1980 Grand Slam – England 's first since 1957 . Later that year , he captained the British Lions to South Africa – the first time an Englishman had captained the Lions since 1930 . Furthermore , Beaumont represented the Barbarians FC on fifteen occasions . 
 The youngest ever England captain at 22 , Will Carling represented England in 72 Tests , and as captain 59 times between 1988 and 1996 . He was best known as a superlative leader , motivating England to a remarkable three Grand Slams in five years , including back to back slams in 1991 and 1992 . He also led England to the final of the 1991 World Cup , and captained the Barbarians FC . His playing talents were not as flamboyant as some of his colleagues , but his effectiveness cemented him as a first choice at centre . It is possible he would already be in the Hall of Fame were it not for outspoken tendencies with respect to the English RFU committee ( " Old Farts " ) , who may as a result be reluctant to acknowledge his achievements . He was made an OBE in 1991 . 
 Described as arguably " the greatest forward " to play for England , Martin Johnson played 84 Tests for England , and 8 Tests for the British and Irish Lions . He first represented England in 1993 , and later that year the Lions . He captained the Lions to South Africa in 1997 , and in 1999 was appointed captain of England . He became England 's most successful ever captain . He became the first player to captain two Lions tours when he captained them in Australia in 2001 . He retired from Test rugby after he led England to a Six Nations Grand Slam and World Cup victory in 2003 and has since become the team Manager . At the 2011 IRB Awards ceremony in Auckland on 24 October 2011 , the night after the World Cup Final , Johnson was inducted into the IRB Hall of Fame alongside all other World Cup @-@ winning captains from 1987 through 2007 ( minus the previously inducted Australian John Eales ) . 
 Jason Leonard , also known as " The Fun Bus " , appeared 114 times for England at prop , which was the world record for international appearances for a national team until 2005 , when it was surpassed by Australia 's scrum @-@ half George Gregan . He was on the England team that finished runners up to Australia in the 1991 Rugby World Cup final , but avenged this twelve years later , coming on as a substitute for Phil Vickery in England 's victorious 2003 Rugby World Cup final appearance . He also went on three British and Irish Lions tours where he was capped five times . 
 Alan Rotherham and Harry Vassall , both 19th @-@ century greats for Oxford and England , were inducted into the IRB Hall in April 2011 . The IRB recognised them for " their unique contribution to the way that Rugby was played " , specifically stating that they " are credited with pioneering the passing game and the three @-@ man backline , which became widespread during the 1880s . " 
 Two other England internationals , John Kendall @-@ Carpenter and Clive Woodward , were inducted into the IRB Hall alongside Johnson at the 2011 IRB Awards . Although both had notable careers for England , they were recognised for accomplishments in other roles in the sport . Kendall @-@ Carpenter was cited as one of four key figures in the creation of the Rugby World Cup , whilst Woodward was inducted as coach of the 2003 World Cup winners , alongside all other World Cup @-@ winning coaches from 1987 to 2007 . 
 England 's most recent inductees into the IRB Hall are 19th @-@ century internationals Alfred St. George Hamersley and Robert Seddon , both inducted in 2013 . Hamersley played for England in the first @-@ ever rugby union international against Scotland in 1871 , and captained England in the last of his four appearances in 1874 . He went on to play significant roles in the early development of the sport in both New Zealand and Canada . Seddon , capped three times for England in 1887 , was most notable as the captain of the unofficial British side that toured Australia and New Zealand in 1888 ; he died in a boating accident during the tour . This venture proved to be the genesis of the modern British and Irish Lions . The touring team was also inducted alongside Seddon . 
 
 = = = Individual records = = = 
 
 Jonny Wilkinson holds the record for most points for England : 1 @,@ 151 . The record for tries is held by Rory Underwood with 49 tries . The most capped England player is former prop Jason Leonard who made 114 appearances over his 14 @-@ year career . England 's youngest ever Test player was Colin Laird who was 18 years and 134 days old when he played against Wales in 1927 . 
 
 = = Training = = 
 
 Pennyhill Park Hotel in Bagshot , Surrey , is the chosen training base for the team in the 2015 Rugby World Cup . Loughborough University , Bisham Abbey and the University of Bath grounds served as training bases prior to this agreement . Martin Johnson noted the hotel 's facilities and its proximity to Twickenham and Heathrow as deciding factors in this decision . The team had their own pitchside gym and fitness rooms constructed on the hotel premises at the start of the long @-@ term arrangement . Since its completion in 2010 the team also regularly use Surrey Sports Park at the University of Surrey in nearby Guildford for much of their training . 
 
 = = = Club versus country = = = 
 
 Although the England team is governed by the Rugby Football Union ( RFU ) , players have been contracted to their clubs since the advent of professionalism in late 1995 . Since then , players have often been caught in a " power struggle " between their clubs and the RFU ; this is commonly referred to as a " club versus country " conflict . The first major dispute between England 's top clubs ( who play in the English Premiership ) and the RFU occurred in 1998 , when some of the clubs refused to release players to tour Australia , New Zealand and South Africa . The tour became known as the " Tour from hell " after an England squad of second @-@ string players were defeated in all four Tests , including a 76 – 0 defeat by Australia . The clubs also withdrew from the 1998 / 99 European Cup . 
 In 2001 , the top clubs and the RFU formed " England Rugby " to help govern the club and international game . The parties agreed to restrict the number of matches at club and international level that elite players ( a group of 50 or 60 players selected by the RFU ) could play in order to reduce player burnout and injuries . In return for releasing players from club commitments , the clubs were to receive compensation from the RFU . This agreement was considered central to the England victory in the 2003 World Cup . Clive Woodward , England coach from November 1997 , resigned in 2004 because he was unable to get the access to the players that he wanted ; " I wanted more from the union – more training days with the players , more influence over the way they were treated – and ended up with less . " Andy Robinson , Woodward 's successor , blamed the lack of control over players for his team 's unsuccessful record . Brian Ashton , who took over from Robinson , intentionally named his playing squad for Six Nations matches in 2007 early in the hope that their clubs would not play them in the weekend prior to a Test . The RFU and the Premiership clubs are negotiating a similar deal to the one in 2001 that will enable international players to be released into the England squad prior to international matches . 
 
 = = = Coaches = = = 
 
 The following is a list of all England coaches . The first appointed coach was Don White in 1969 . The most recent coach is Eddie Jones . He took over from Stuart Lancaster a week after Lancaster 's resignation . Jones became the first foreigner to coach the English side . 
 Updated 25 June 2016 
 
 = = Media coverage = = 
 
 England 's mid @-@ year tests and end of year tests are televised live by Sky Sports while end of year matches are highlighted by BBC Three on that game day and repeated on BBC Two the next day . England 's 2014 end of year international against Samoa was not highlighted on BBC Three . All Six Nations games are shown for free on the BBC and ITV from 2016 . 
 
 = = Titles = = 
 
 
 = Jeremi Wiśniowiecki = 
 
 Jeremi Wiśniowiecki ( Ukrainian : Ярема Вишневецький - Yarema Vyshnevetsky ; August 17 , 1612 – August 20 , 1651 ) nicknamed Hammer on the Cossacks or Iron Hand , was a notable member of the aristocracy of the Polish @-@ Lithuanian Commonwealth , Prince of Wiśniowiec , Łubnie and Chorol in the Crown of the Kingdom of Poland and the father of the future King of Poland , Michael I. 
 A notable magnate and military commander with Ruthenian and Romanian origin , Wiśniowiecki was heir of one of the biggest fortunes of the state and rose to several notable dignities , including the position of voivode of the Ruthenian Voivodship in 1646 . His conversion from Eastern Orthodoxy to Roman Catholicism caused much dissent in Ruthenia and Ukraine ( parts of the Polish – Lithuanian Commonwealth ) . Wiśniowiecki was a successful military leader as well as one of the wealthiest magnates of Poland , ruling over lands inhabited by 230 @,@ 000 people . 
 
 = = Biography = = 
 
 
 = = = Youth = = = 
 
 Jeremi Michał Korybut Wiśniowiecki was born in 1612 ; neither the exact date nor the place of his birth are known . His father , Michał Wiśniowiecki , of the Lithuanian @-@ Ruthenian Wiśniowiecki family , died soon after Jeremi 's birth , in 1616 . His mother , Regina Mohyła ( Raina Mohylanka ) was a Moldavian @-@ born noble woman of the Movilești family , daughter of the Moldavian Prince Ieremia Movilă , Jeremy 's namesake ; she died in 1619 . Both of his parents were of the Eastern Orthodox Church rite ; Jeremy 's uncle was the influential Orthodox theologian Peter Mogila , and his great @-@ uncle was George Mogila , the Metropolitan of Moldavia . 
 Orphaned at the age of seven , Wiśniowiecki was raised by his uncle , Konstanty Wiśniowiecki , whose branch of the family were Roman Catholics . Jeremi attended a Jesuit college in Lwów and later , in 1629 , he traveled to Italy , where he briefly attended the University of Bologna . He also acquired some military experience in the Netherlands . The upbringing by his uncle and the trips abroad polonized him , and turned him from a provincial Ruthenian princeling into one of the youngest magnates of the Polish @-@ Lithuanian Commonwealth . 
 In 1631 Wiśniowiecki returned to the Commonwealth and took over from his uncle the management of his father 's huge estate , which included a large part of what is now Ukraine . In 1632 he converted from Eastern Orthodoxy to Catholicism , an action that caused much concern in Ukraine . His decision has been analyzed by historians , and often criticized , particularly in Ukrainian historiography . The Orthodox Church feared to lose a powerful protector , and Isaiah Kopinsky , metropolitan bishop of Kiev and a friend of his mother , unsuccessfully plead with him to change his mind . Jeremi would not budge although he remained on decent terms with the Orthdox Church , avoiding provocative actions , and supported his uncle and Orthodox bishop Peter Mogila and his Orthodox Church collegium . 
 
 = = = Later life = = = 
 
 Wiśniowiecki 's courtier and first biographer , Michał Kałyszowski , counted that Jeremi participated in nine wars in his lifetime . The first of those was the Smolensk Campaign of 1633 – 34 against the Tsardom of Russia . In that war he accompanied castellan Aleksander Piaseczyński 's southern army and took part in several battles , among them the unsuccessful siege of Putyvl ; later that year they took Rylsk and Sevsk before retreating . The following year he worked with Adam Kisiel and Łukasz Żółkiewski , commanding his own private army of 4 @,@ 000 . As his troops formed 2 / 3 of their army ( not counting supporting Cossack elements ) , Jeremi , despite being the most junior of commanders , had much influence over their campaign . Lacking in artillery , they failed to take any major towns , but ravaged the countryside near Sevsk and Kursk . The war ended soon afterward , and in May 1634 he returned to Lubny . For his service , he received a commendation from the King of Poland , Władysław IV Vasa , and the castellany of Kiev . 
 After the war Wiśniowiecki engaged in a number of conflicts with neighbouring magnates and nobles . Jeremi was able to afford a sizable private army of several thousands , and through the threat of it he was often able to force his neighbours to a favourable settlement of disputes . Soon after his return from the Russian front , he participated on the side of the Dowmont family in the quarrel over the estate of Dowmontów against another magnate , Samuel Łaszcz , located on his lands ; soon after the victorious battle against Łaszcz he bought the lands from the Dowmonts and incorporated them into his estates . 
 Around 1636 the Sejm ( Polish parliament ) opposed the marriage of King Władysław IV Waza to Wiśniowiecki 's sister , Anna . Following this , Jeremi distanced himself from the royal court , although he periodically returned to Warsaw , usually as one of the deputies to the Sejm from the Ruthenian Voivodeship . Soon afterward , Jeremi himself married Gryzelda Zamoyska , daughter of Chancellor Tomasz Zamoyski , on 27 February 1639 , on Gryzelda 's 16th birthday . 
 At that time Wiśniowiecki also engaged in a political conflict over nobility titles , in particular , the title of prince ( kniaź ) . The nobility in the Commonwealth was officially equal , and used different and non @-@ hereditary titles then those found in rest of the world ( see officials of the Polish @-@ Lithuanian Commonwealth ) ; the gist of the conflict , which took much of the Sejm 's time around 1638 – 41 , revolved around whether old prince titles ( awarded to families before their lands were incorporated into the Commonwealth in the 1569 Union of Lublin ) , and the new titles , awarded more recently by some foreign courts , should be recognized . Wiśniowiecki was one of the chief participants in this debate , successfully defending the old titles , including that of his own family , and succeeding in abolishing the new titles , which gained him the enmity of another powerful magnate , Jerzy Ossoliński . Other than this conflict , in his years as a deputy ( 1635 – 46 ) , Jeremi wasn 't involved in any major political issues , and only twice ( in 1640 and 1642 ) he served in the minor function of a commissar for investigating the eastern and southern border disputes . 
 In 1637 Wiśniowiecki might have fought under Hetman Mikołaj Potocki against the Cossack rebellion of Pavel Pavluk ( the Pawluk Uprising ) ; Jan Widacki notes that historians are not certain whether he did and in either case , no detailed accounts of his possible participation survive . A year later , returning from the Sejm and from the engagement ceremony with Gryzelda , he gathered a 4 @,@ 000 strong division that participated in putting down of the Ostrzanin Uprising and arrived at the region affected by the unrest in June that year . Together with Hetman Potocki he defeated the insurgents at the Battle of Żownin , which turned into a rather difficult siege of the Cossack camp that lasted from 13 June till the Cossack relief forces were defeated on 4 August , and the Cossacks capitulated on 7 August . 
 
 = = = Final years = = = 
 
 In 1641 , after the death of his uncle Konstanty Wiśniowiecki , Jeremi became the last adult male of the Wiśniowiecki family and inherited all the remaining estates of the clan , despite a brief conflict with Aleksander Ludwik Radziwiłł who also claimed the inherited land . The conflict stemmed from the fact that Konstanty asked Jeremi to take care of his grandchildren , but their mother , Katarzyna Eugenia Tyszkiewicz , married Aleksander , who declared he is able and willing to take care of her children - and their estates . A year later , Katarzyna Eugenia decided to divorce Aleksander , and the matter was settled in favor of Jeremi . 
 Wiśniowiecki also fought against the Tatars in 1640 – 46 , whose raids on the south @-@ east frontier of the Commonwealth endangered his holdings . In 1644 together with Hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski he took part in the victorious Battle of Ochmatów , in which they crushed forces of Crimean Tatars led by Toğay bey ( Tuhaj Bej ) . 
 In 1644 , after the false news of the death of Adam Kazanowski , Wiśniowiecki took over his disputed estate of Rumno by subterfuge . For this he was at first sentenced to exile , but due to his influence , even the King could not realistically expect to enforce this ruling without a civil war . Eventually after more discussions at local sejmiks and then in the Sejm , he won the case and was granted the right for Rumno . In 1646 , after the death of Koniecpolski , he became the voivode of Ruthenia . He invaded and took over the town of Hadiach which was also being claimed by a son of Koniecpolski , Aleksander Koniecpolski , but a year later , in 1647 , he lost that case and was forced to return the town . 
 On 4 April 1646 Wiśniowiecki received the office of the voivode of Ruthenia , which granted him a seat in the Senate of Poland . He was the third member of the Wiśniowiecki family to gain that privilege . Soon afterward , however , he refused to support King Władysław 's plan for a war against the Ottoman Empire , even though the King offered him the rank of a Field Crown Hetman . 
 Then the autumn of 1646 , Wiśniowiecki invaded and took over the starostwo kaniowskie vacated recently by banished Samuel Łaszcz . He did so without any legal justifications , which caused a court ruling against him ; a ruling that was however never enforced . Later that year , he raised a large private army of about 25 @,@ 000 for a purpose unknown , as noted by Widacki , who writes that the army , which Jeremi raised with an immense cost for a short time , did not participate in any engagement , nor did it have any clear purpose . He notes that such an army might have been useful in provoking the Ottomans , but as Jeremi was opposed to the war with them up to the point of refusing the hetman office , his actions are puzzling even for the modern historians . 
 
 = = = Khmelnytsky Uprising = = = 
 
 Wiśniowiecki fought against the Cossacks again during Khmelnytsky Uprising in 1648 – 51 . He received information about a growing unrest , and began mobilizing his troops , and in early May learned about the Cossack victory at the Battle of Zhovti Vody . Receiving no orders from Hetmans Mikołaj Potocki and Marcin Kalinowski , he began moving on his own , soon learning about the second Cossack victory at Battle of Korsuń , which meant that his troops ( about 6 @,@ 000 strong ) were the only Polish forces in Transdnieper at that moment . After taking in the situation , he began retreating towards Chernihiv ; his army soon became a focal point for various refugees . Passing Chernihiv , he continued through Liubech to Brahin . He continued to Mazyr , Zhytomir , and Pohrebyshche , stopping briefly in Zhytomir for the local sejmik . After some skirmishes near Nemyriv , Machnówka and Starokostiantyniv ( Battle of Starokostiantyniv ) against the Cossack forces . By July he would arrive near Zbarazh . 
 Wiśniowiecki 's fighting retreat had a major impact on the course of the war . In the words of the historian Władysław Konopczyński , " he was not defeated , not victorious , and thus he made the peace more difficult . " Politicians in safe Warsaw tried to negotiate with the Cossacks , who in turn used Wisniowiecki 's actions as an excuse to delay any serious negotiations . 
 Around late August or early September , Wiśniowiecki met with the army regimentarzs Władysław Dominik Zasławski @-@ Ostrogski , Mikołaj Ostroróg and Aleksander Koniecpolski . He was not on overly friendly terms with them , as he resented being passed in military nominations , but after short negotiations he agreed to follow their orders , and thus reduced to a junior commander status which had little impact over the next phase of the campaign . On 23 September , their forces were , however , defeated at the Battle of Pyliavtsi ; near the end of the battle some accounts suggest Wiśniowiecki was offered the hetman 's position , but refused . On 28 September in Lviv , Wiśniowiecki , with popular support , was given a field regimentarz nomination ; about a week later this nomination was confirmed by the Sejm . To the anger of Lviv 's townfolk , he decided to focus on retreating towards the key fortress in Zamość instead of Lviv ; he would leave garrisons on both towns , and keep his army in the field . In the end , the cities were not captured by the Cossacks , who in the light of the coming winter decided to retreat , after being paid a ransom by both town councils ; no other large field battle toke place that year . 
 Meanwhile , the convocation sejm of 1648 had elected a new king , Jan Kazimierz II Vasa . Wiśniowiecki supported other candidates , such as George I Rákóczi and Karol Ferdynand Vasa ( Jan Kazimierz 's brother ) . Due to the opposition from Jeremi 's detractors , he was not granted a hetman position , although after a full two days of debate on the subject he was granted a document that stated he had a " power equal to that of a hetman . " Wiśniowiecki faction , arguing for increase in army size , was once again marginalized by the faction that hoped for a peaceful resolution . In the end , the King and most of the szlachta were lulled into a false sense of security , and the military was not reinforced significantly . To add an insult to an injury , the coronation sejm of January – February 1649 , held in Kraków , revoked Wiśniowieck 's regimentarz rank . 
 In the first half of 1649 , the negotiations with the Cossacks fell through , and the Polish @-@ Lithuanian military begun gathering near the borders with the rebellious Ukraine , a major camp was in Zbarazh , where Wiśniowiecki would arrive as well in late June , after gathering a new army of 3 @,@ 000 in Wiśnicz , which was all he was able to afford at that time , as due to most of his estates being overrun by the Cossacks . Wiśniowiecki 's arrival raised the morale of the royal army , and despite having no official rank , both the common soldiers and the new regimentarz promised to take his advice , and even offered him the official command ( which he refused ) . During the Siege of Zbarazh Wiśniowiecki was thus not the official commander ( role was taken by regimentarz Andrzej Firlej ) but most historians agree he was the real , if unofficial , commander of the Polish @-@ Lithuanian army . The siege would last until the ceasefire of the Treaty of Zboriv . Wiśniowiecki 's command during the siege was seen as phenomenal , and his popularity among the troops and nobility rose again , however the King , still not fond of him , gave him a relatively small reward ( the land grant of starostwo przasnyskie , much less when compared to several others he distributed around that time ) . Needing Wiśniowiecki 's support in December that year , the King granted him once again a temporary hetman nomination , and several more land grants . In April 1650 , Wiśniowiecki had to return his temporary hetman office to Mikołaj Potocki , recently released from Cossack 's captivity . During December that year , in light of the growing tensions with Muscovy 's , Wiśniowiecki 's military faction succeeded in convincing the Sejm to pass a resolution increasing the size of the army to 51 @,@ 000 , the largest army since the Cossack unrest begun two years ago . 
 The truce of Zborov did not last long , and in the spring of 1651 Khmelnytsky 's Cossacks begun advancing west again . On June 1 , 1651 Wiśniowiecki brought his private army to face the Cossacks in Sokal . He commanded the left wing of the Polish @-@ Lithuanian army in the victorious Battle of Berestechko on 28 – 30 June . The Polish @-@ Lithuanian army advanced after the retreating Cossacks , but on July 17 the King " left the whole army to Potocki ... and having given the order that the army march into Ukraine , the King himself parted ... to Warsaw to celebrate his victories over the Cossacks . " Later that year , on 14 August , Wiśniowiecki suddenly fell ill while in a camp near the village of Pawołocz , and died on August 20 , 1651 , at the age of only 39 . His cause of death was never known , while some ( even contemporaries ) speculated he was poisoned , but no conclusive evidence to support such a claim have ever been found . Based on sparse descriptions of his illness and subsequent investigations , some medical historians suggest the cause of death might have been a disease related to cholera . However , one account states , " following a cheerful conversation with other officers who had congregated for a military council in his tent on Sunday , 13 August N.S. he had eaten some cucumbers with zest and washed them down with mead , and from that contracted dysentery . After lying ill for a week , he died there , at Pavoloch " . He was given a " ceremonial funeral with the entire army present . On August 22 , Wiśniowiecki 's body was seen off with the utmost pomp on its journey to his residence " . 
 Wiśniowiecki 's indebted family was not able to provide him with a funeral his rank and fame deserved . In the end , he never received the large funeral and the temporary location of his body , the monastery of the Holy Cross at Łysa Góra , became his final resting place . His body was lost in the fire at the end of the 18th century , which also prevents a modern reexamination of the cause of his death . 
 
 = = Wealth = = 
 
 The majority of the Wiśniowiecki family estates were found on the eastern side of the Dnieper River ( Volhynian , Ruthenian and Kiev Voivodships ) , and most of them were acquired by Jeremi 's grandfather , Aleksander Wiśniowiecki , in the 16th century . The capital of his estate was located at a fortified manor at Lubny , where his father rebuilt an old castle ; the population of the town itself could be estimated at about 1 @,@ 000 . Wiśniowiecki inherited lands inhabited , according to an estimate from 1628 , by about 4 @,@ 500 people , of which Lubny was the largest town . Smaller towns in his lands included Khorol , Piratyn and Przyłuka . By 1646 his lands were inhabited by 230 @,@ 000 people . The number of towns on his lands rose from several to about thirty , and their population increased as well . The prosperity of those lands reflected Wiśniowiecki 's skills in economic management , and the income from his territories ( estimated at about 600 @,@ 000 zloties yearly ) made him one of the wealthiest magnates in the Commonwealth . Because of its size and relatively consistent borders , Wiśniowiecki 's estate was often named Wiśniowieczczyzna ( " Wiśniowieckiland " ) . 
 Despite his wealth , he was not known for a lavish life . His court of about a hundred people was not know for being overly extravagant , he built no luxurious residences , and did not even have a single portrait of himself made during his life . It is uncertain how Wiśniowiecki looked , although a number of portraits and other works depicting him exist . Jan Widacki notes that much of the historiography concerning Wiśniowiecki focuses on the military and political aspects of his life , and few of his critics discuss his successes in the economic development of his estates . 
 
 = = Remembrance and popular culture = = 
 
 Wiśniowiecki was widely popular among the noble class , who saw in him a defender of tradition , a patriot and an able military commander . He was praised by many of his contemporaries , including a poet , Samuel Twardowski , as well as numerous diary writers and early historians . For his protection of civilian population , including Jews , during the Uprising , Wiśniowiecki has been commended by early Jewish historians . Until the 19th century , he has been idolized as the legendary , perfect " knight of the borderlands " , his sculpture is among the twenty sculpture of famous historical personas in the 18th century " Knight Room " of the royal Warsaw Castle . 
 In the 19th century this image begun to waver , as a new wave in historiography begun to reinterpret his life , and as the era of positivism in Poland put more value on builders , and less on warriors . Further , at that time the Polish historians begun to question the traditional view of the " Ukrainian problem " , and the way that the Polish noble class had dealt with the Cossacks . Slowly , Wiśniowiecki 's image as a hero began to waver , with various aspects of his life and personality being questioned and criticized in the work of historians such as Karol Szajnocha and Józef Szujski . 
 While Wiśniowiecki 's portrayal ( as a major secondary character ) in the first part of Henryk Sienkiewicz 's trilogy , With Fire and Sword which describes the history of the Polish @-@ Lithuanian Commonwealth during the Uprising , was rather positive , criticism of his persona intensified , in particular from Sienkiewicz detractors such as Zygmunt Kaczkowski and Olgierd Górka . The 1930s saw a first modern historical work about Wiśniowiecki , by Władysław Tomkiewicz . In the era of the People 's Republic of Poland , the Communist Party 's ideology dictated that all historians present him as an " enemy of the people " , although this began to be relaxed after 1965 . Widacki , analyzing the work of other historians notes that Władysław Czapliński was rather sympathetic to Wiśniowiecki , while Paweł Jasienica was critical of him . 
 Wiśniowiecki has made appearances in more recent media . He was the main subject of one of Jacek Kaczmarski 's 1993 songs Kniazia Jaremy nawrócenie ( The Conversion of Knyaz Jarema ) . Andrzej Seweryn played Jeremi Wiśniowiecki in the 1999 film With Fire and Sword . 
 
 
 = Bassline ( Chris Brown song ) = 
 
 " Bassline " is a song by American recording artist Chris Brown , taken from his fifth studio album Fortune ( 2012 ) . It was written by Andrea Simms , Andrew " Pop " Wansel , Brown , David Johnson , Robert Calloway , Ronald " Flippa " Colson and Warren " Oak " Felder . The song was produced by Pop Wansel and Dayvi Jae . Musically , " Bassline " is a dubstep , electropop and electrohop song , which incorporates elements of reggae . Instrumentation is provided by a wobble bass and synthesizers . The song contains lyrics about Brown telling a woman to leave the nightclub with him . " Bassline " garnered mixed reviews from music critics ; some reviewers noted it as one of the standout tracks on the album , while others criticized the song 's production and lyrics . It also received comparisons to the songs by Kesha and LMFAO . Upon the release of Fortune , " Bassline " debuted at numbers 28 and 122 on the UK R & B Chart and UK Singles Chart , respectively . 
 
 = = Development and composition = = 
 
 " Bassline " was written by Andrea Simms , Andrew " Pop " Wansel , Chris Brown , David Johnson , Robert Calloway , Ronald " Flippa " Colson and Warren " Oak " Felder . The song was produced by Pop Wansel and Dayvi Jae . " Bassline " was recorded by Brian Springer with assistance from Iain Findley . The recordings were later mixed by Jaycen Joshua with assistance by Trehy Harris . Musically , " Bassline " is a dubstep , electropop and electrohop song , that incorporates elements of reggae . The song lasts for three minutes and 58 seconds . Instrumentation consists of a wobble bass and synthesizers . Melinda Newman of HitFix compared " Bassline " to the songs by Kesha and LMFAO . Trent Fitzgerald of PopCrush noted that the lyrics are about Brown trying to " convince a hot girl he spots in the club to come back to his crib " , in which he sings " Hey girl tell me what you talk / Pretty as a picture on the wall / Hey girl you can get it all / Cause I know you like the way the beat go " . Brown also declares , " You heard about my image / But I could give a flying motherfuck who 's offended " . Hayley Avron of Contactmusic.com noted that a robot voice joins Brown in the hook " Girls like my bassline " . Hazel Robinson of California Literary Review magazine noted that the word " bassline " is a metaphor for penis . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 " Bassline " garnered mixed reviews from music critics . Sam Wilbur of AOL Radio viewed it as " the best example " of dubstep tracks on Fortune , while Kyle Anderson of Entertainment Weekly noted it as one of the album 's best tracks . Scott Kara of The New Zealand Herald called the song " irritating " and noted it as " blatant copycat stuff " . Digital Spy 's Lewis Corner felt that " Bassline " was " a lazy attempt " from Brown . Randall Roberts of Los Angeles Times stated that the worst part of the song is the hook . Hazel Robinson of California Literary Review magazine was critical of the production and lyrics , labeling it as " bad " and " dodgy " . Allmusic 's Andy Kellman noted that Brown " clearly feels more emboldened than ever " on " Bassline " . Upon the release of Fortune , due to digital sales , " Bassline " debuted on the UK R & B Chart at number 28 in the issue dated July 14 , 2012 . It also debuted at number 122 on the UK Singles Chart . 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 Credits adapted from the liner notes for Fortune 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 
 = HMS Black Prince ( 1904 ) = 
 
 HMS Black Prince was a Duke of Edinburgh @-@ class armoured cruiser built for the Royal Navy in the mid @-@ 1900s . She was stationed in the Mediterranean when the First World War began and participated in the pursuit of the German battlecruiser SMS Goeben and light cruiser SMS Breslau . After the German ships reached Ottoman waters , the ship was sent to the Red Sea in mid @-@ August to protect troop convoys arriving from India and to search for German merchant ships . After capturing two ships , Black Prince was transferred to the Grand Fleet in December 1914 and was sunk during the Battle of Jutland in May 1916 , with all hands killed . 
 
 = = Design and description = = 
 
 Two armoured cruisers of a new design , Duke of Edinburgh and Black Prince , the latter named for Edward , the Black Prince , were ordered for the Royal Navy as part of the 1902 – 03 Naval Estimates . They were the first ships to be designed for the Royal Navy under the supervision of the new Director of Naval Construction , Sir Philip Watts . The new design was significantly larger than the previous Monmouth and Devonshire @-@ class cruisers , mounting a heavier main armament of six 9 @.@ 2 in ( 234 mm ) guns in single turrets . 
 Black Prince displaced 12 @,@ 590 long tons ( 12 @,@ 790 t ) as built and 13 @,@ 965 long tons ( 14 @,@ 189 t ) fully loaded . The ship had an overall length of 505 feet 6 inches ( 154 @.@ 1 m ) , a beam of 73 feet 6 inches ( 22 @.@ 4 m ) and a draught of 27 feet ( 8 @.@ 2 m ) . She was powered by four @-@ cylinder triple @-@ expansion steam engines , driving two shafts , which produced a total of 23 @,@ 000 indicated horsepower ( 17 @,@ 000 kW ) and gave a maximum speed of 23 knots ( 43 km / h ; 26 mph ) . The engines were powered by 20 Babcock & Wilcox water @-@ tube boilers and six cylindrical boilers . The ship carried a maximum of 2 @,@ 150 long tons ( 2 @,@ 180 t ) of coal and an additional 600 long tons ( 610 t ) of fuel oil that was sprayed on the coal to increase its burn rate . At full capacity , she could steam for 8 @,@ 130 nautical miles ( 15 @,@ 060 km ; 9 @,@ 360 mi ) at a speed of 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . The ship 's complement was 789 officers and enlisted men . 
 Her main armament consisted of six BL 9 @.@ 2 @-@ inch Mk X guns in single turrets , two on the centreline and two on each beam , giving a broadside of four 9 @.@ 2 in guns . Her secondary armament of four BL 6 @-@ inch Mark XI guns was arranged in single casemates . They were mounted amidships on the main deck and were only usable in calm weather . Twenty Vickers QF 3 @-@ pounders were fitted , six on turret roofs and fourteen in the superstructure . The ship also mounted three submerged 18 @-@ inch torpedo tubes . 
 
 = = Operational history = = 
 
 Black Prince was laid down on 3 June 1903 at the Thames Ironworks and Shipbuilding Company 's shipyard at Blackwall , London . She was launched on 8 November 1904 and completed on 17 March 1906 . When completed , Black Prince served with the 2nd Squadron until 1907 , the 1st Cruiser Squadron from 1907 – 1908 , the 5th Cruiser Squadron ( as part of the Atlantic Fleet ) from 1908 – 1912 and the Third from 1912 – 1913 . 
 At the beginning of the First World War , Black Prince was one of the four armoured cruisers serving in the 1st Cruiser Squadron of the Mediterranean Fleet , commanded by Rear @-@ Admiral Ernest Charles Thomas Troubridge . She participated in the pursuit of Goeben and Breslau . Following the escape of the two German ships to neutral Turkey , Black Prince and Duke of Edinburgh were sent into the Red Sea to search for German merchant ships , with Black Prince capturing the German ocean liners Südmark and Istria . On 6 November , she was ordered to Gibraltar to join a squadron of French and British ships to search for German warships still at sea off the African coast . This was cancelled on 19 November after the location of the German East Asia Squadron was revealed by survivors of the Battle of Coronel . Black Prince joined the Grand Fleet in December 1914 and was assigned to the 1st Cruiser Squadron under Rear @-@ Admiral Sir Robert Keith Arbuthnot . 
 Black Prince was modified in March 1916 as a result of lessons learned at the Battle of Coronel , with the 6 @-@ inch guns removed from their casemates and replaced by six 6 @-@ inch guns mounted individually behind shields between the beam 9 @.@ 2 @-@ inch turrets . 
 
 = = = Loss = = = 
 
 The ship participated in the Battle of Jutland , where she was sunk with heavy loss of life . The circumstances under which she sank were mysterious for some years after . As the British had lost contact and did not see the ship destroyed , they were unsure as to whether a submarine or surface ship was responsible for sinking Black Prince . During the battle , the 1st Cruiser Squadron was deployed as part of a screening force several miles ahead of the main force of the Grand Fleet , but Black Prince lost contact with the rest of the Squadron as it came into contact with German forces , at about 17 : 42 . Soon after , two other members of the 1st Cruiser Squadron , Defence and Warrior were heavily engaged by German battleships and battlecruisers , with Defence blowing up and Warrior receiving heavy damage , which later caused her to sink . 
 There were no positive sightings of Black Prince by the British fleet after that , although a wireless signal from her was received at 20 : 45 , reporting a submarine sighting . During the night of 31 May – 1 June , the British destroyer Spitfire , badly damaged after colliding with the German battleship Nassau , sighted what appeared to be a German battlecruiser , with two widely spaced funnels , described as being " ... a mass of fire from foremast to mainmast , on deck and between decks . Flames were issuing out of her from every corner . " The mystery ship exploded at about midnight . It was later thought that the burning ship may have been Black Prince , with the two midships funnels having collapsed or been shot away . 
 Recent historians , however , hold to the German account of the ship 's sinking . Black Prince briefly engaged the German battleship Rheinland at about 23 : 35 GMT , scoring two hits with 6 @-@ inch shells . Separated from the rest of the British fleet , Black Prince approached the German lines at approximately midnight . She turned away from the German battleships , but it was too late . The German battleship Thüringen fixed Black Prince in her searchlights and opened fire . Up to five other German ships , including the battleships Nassau , Ostfriesland , and Friedrich der Grosse , joined in the bombardment , with return fire from Black Prince being ineffective . Most of the German ships were between 750 and 1 @,@ 500 yards ( 690 and 1 @,@ 370 m ) of Black Prince — effectively point @-@ blank range for contemporary naval gunnery . The ship was hit by at least twelve heavy shells and several smaller ones , sinking within 15 minutes . There were no survivors from her crew , all 857 being killed . 
 The wrecksite is designated as a protected place under the Protection of Military Remains Act 1986 . 
 
 = = Popular culture = = 
 
 In the first episode of Series 4 of the SBS @-@ TV ( Australia ) series Who Do You Think You Are ? , Australian writer @-@ actor @-@ comedian Shaun Micallef discovered that his great @-@ grandfather Giovanni ( John ) Micallef , a steward on Black Prince , was among those killed . 
 
 
 = On the Pulse of Morning = 
 
 " On the Pulse of Morning " is a poem by African @-@ American writer and poet Maya Angelou that she read at the first inauguration of President Bill Clinton on January 20 , 1993 . With her public recitation , Angelou became the second poet in history to read a poem at a presidential inauguration , and the first African American and woman . ( Robert Frost was the first inaugural poet , at the 1961 inauguration of John F. Kennedy . ) Angelou 's audio recording of the poem won the 1994 Grammy Award in the " Best Spoken Word " category , resulting in more fame and recognition for her previous works , and broadening her appeal . 
 The poem 's themes are change , inclusion , responsibility , and role of both the President and the citizenry in establishing economic security . Its symbols , references to contemporary issues , and personification of nature has inspired critics to compare " On the Pulse of Morning " with Frost 's inaugural poem and with Clinton 's inaugural address . It has been called Angelou 's " autobiographical poem " , and has received mixed reviews . The popular press praised Clinton 's choice of Angelou as inaugural poet , and her " representiveness " of the American people and its President . Critic Mary Jane Lupton said that " Angelou 's ultimate greatness will be attributed " to the poem , and that Angelou 's " theatrical " performance of it , using skills she learned as an actor and speaker , marked a return to the African @-@ American oral tradition of speakers such as Frederick Douglass , Martin Luther King , Jr. and Malcolm X. Poetry critics , despite praising Angelou 's recitation and performance , gave mostly negative reviews of the poem . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 When Angelou wrote and recited " On the Pulse of Morning " , she was already well known as a writer and poet . She had written five of the seven of her series of autobiographies , including the first and most highly acclaimed , I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings ( 1969 ) . Although she was best known for her autobiographies , she was primarily known as a poet rather than an autobiographer . Early in her writing career she began alternating the publication of an autobiography and a volume of poetry . Her first volume of poetry Just Give Me a Cool Drink of Water ' Fore I Diiie , published in 1971 shortly after Caged Bird , became a best @-@ seller and was nominated for a Pulitzer Prize . As scholar Marcia Ann Gillespie writes , Angelou had " fallen in love with poetry " during her early childhood in Stamps , Arkansas . After her rape at the age of eight , which she depicted in Caged Bird , Angelou memorized and studied great works of literature , including poetry . According to Caged Bird , her friend Mrs. Flowers encouraged her to recite them , which helped bring her out her self @-@ imposed period of muteness caused by her trauma . 
 Angelou was the first poet to read an inaugural poem since Robert Frost read his poem " The Gift Outright " at President John F. Kennedy 's inauguration in 1961 , and the first Black and woman . When it was announced that Angelou would read one of her poems at Clinton 's inauguration , many in the popular press compared her role as inaugural poet with that of Frost 's , especially what critic Zofia Burr called their " representativeness " , or their ability to speak for and to the American people . The press also pointed to the nation 's social progress that a Black woman would " stand in the place of a white man " at his inauguration , and praised Angelou 's involvement as the Clinton administration 's " gesture of inclusion " . 
 Angelou told her friend Oprah Winfrey that the call requesting her to write and recite the poem came from television producer Harry Thomason , who organized the inauguration , shortly after Clinton 's election . Even though she suspected that Clinton made the request because " he understood that I am the kind of person who really does bring people together " , Angelou admitted feeling overwhelmed , and even requested that the audiences attending her speaking engagements pray for her . 
 She followed her same " writing ritual " that she had followed for years and used in writing all of her books and poetry : she rented a hotel room , closeted herself there from the early morning to the afternoon , and wrote on legal pads . After deciding upon the theme " America " , she wrote down everything she could think of about the country , which she then " pushed and squeezed into a poetic form " . Angelou recited the poem on January 20 , 1993 . 
 
 = = Themes = = 
 
 " On the Pulse of Morning " shared many of the themes in President Clinton 's inaugural address , which he gave immediately before Angelou read her poem , including change , responsibility , and the President 's and the citizenry 's role in establishing economic security . The symbols in Angelou 's poem ( the tree , the river , and the morning , for example ) paralleled many of the same symbols Clinton used in his speech , and helped to enhance and expand Clinton 's images . Clinton 's address and the poem , according to Hagen , both emphasized unity despite the diversity of American culture . " On the Pulse of Morning " attempted to convey many of the goals of Clinton 's new administration . 
 Burr compared Angelou 's poem with Frost 's , something she claimed the poetry critics who gave " On the Pulse of Morning " negative reviews did not do . Angelou " rewrote " Frost 's poem , from the perspective of personified nature that appeared in both poems . Frost praised American colonization , but Angelou attacked it . The cost of the creation of America was abstract and ambiguous in Frost 's poem , but the personified Tree in Angelou 's poem signified the cultures in America that paid a significant cost to create it . Both Frost and Angelou called for a " break with the past " , but Frost wanted to relive it and Angelou wanted to confront its mistakes . Burr also compared Angelou 's poem with Audre Lorde 's poem " For Each of You " , which has similar themes of looking towards the future , as well as with Walt Whitman 's " Song of Myself " and Langston Hughes ' " The Negro Speaks of Rivers " . According to Hagen , the poem contains a recurring theme in many of Angelou 's other poems and autobiographies , that " we are more alike than unalike " . 
 " On the Pulse of Morning " was full of contemporary references , including toxic waste and pollution . Angelou 's poem was influenced by the African @-@ American oral tradition of spirituals , by poets such as James Weldon Johnson and Langston Hughes , and by modern African poets and folk artists such as Kwesi Brew and Efua Sutherland , which also influenced her autobiographies . 
 
 = = Critical response and impact = = 
 
 According to Lupton , " On the Pulse of Morning " is Angelou 's most famous poem . Lupton has argued that " Angelou 's ultimate greatness will be attributed " to the poem , and that Angelou 's " theatrical " performance of it , using skills she learned as an actor and speaker , marked a return to the African @-@ American oral tradition of speakers such as Frederick Douglass , Martin Luther King , Jr. and Malcolm X. British reporter Kate Kellaway compared Angelou 's appearance as she read the poem at Clinton 's inauguration with the eight @-@ year @-@ old child in Caged Bird , noting that the coats she wore in both occasions were similar : " She looked magnificent , sternly theatrical with an unsmiling bow mouth . She wore a coat with brass buttons , a strange reminder of the eight @-@ year @-@ old Maya Angelou who stood in a courtroom , terrified at the sight of the man who had raped her " . Gillespie stated regarding Kellaway 's observations : " But standing tall on the steps of the Capitol , she was light @-@ years removed from that terrible time , and America was no longer an ' unfriendly place . ' Her poem ' On the Pulse of Morning ' was a soaring call for peace , justice , and harmony . Capturing the hope embodied in the human spirit , it was a solemn and joyful reminder that all things are possible . She wished us ' Good morning ' in her poem , and one felt as if a new day was truly dawning . " 
 Angelou recognized that although " On the Pulse of Morning " was a better " public poem " than a great poem , her goal of conveying the message of unity was accomplished . Poet David Lehman agreed , stating that although it fulfilled its theatrical and political objectives , the poem was " not very memorable " . Poet Sterling D. Plumpp found Angelou 's performance " brilliant " , but was " not as enthusiastic about it as a text " . Burr stated that the negative reviews of Angelou 's poem , like the majority of the reviews about her other poetry , was due to their elitism and narrow views of poetry , which were limited to written forms rather than spoken ones like " On the Pulse of Morning " , which was written to recite aloud and perform . Burr compared the response of literary critics to Angelou 's poem with critics of Frost 's poem : " Frost 's powerful reading served to supplement the poem in the sense of enhancing it , while Angelou 's powerful reading of her poem supplemented it in the sense of making evident its inadequacy and lack . " 
 Angelou 's recitation of " On the Pulse of Morning " resulted in more fame and recognition for her previous works , and broadened her appeal " across racial , economic , and educational boundaries " . The week after Angelou 's recitation , sales of the paperback version of her books and poetry rose by 300 – 600 percent . Bantam Books had to reprint 400 @,@ 000 copies of all her books to keep up with the demand . Random House , which published Angelou 's hardcover books and published the poem later that year , reported that they sold more of her books in January 1993 than they did in all of 1992 , accounting for a 1200 percent increase . The sixteen @-@ page publication of the poem became a best @-@ seller , and the recording of the poem was awarded a Grammy Award . 
 
 
 = God 's Choice = 
 
 God 's Choice : The Total World of a Fundamentalist Christian School is a 1986 book written by Alan Peshkin and published by the University of Chicago Press . It is the product of his late 1970s 18 @-@ month ethnographic study of a 350 @-@ person Christian fundamentalist Baptist school in Illinois . He describes the K – 12 day school 's function as a total institution that educates about a singular truth ( God 's will ) and subordination before God . The final chapter is a comparative analysis of the school and other schools , institutions , and social movements , wherein Peshkin concludes that the school is divisive in American society for promoting intolerance towards religious plurality , the very condition that permits the school 's existence . 
 Reviewers wrote that Peshkin 's account was fair , and praised his decision to let the participants speak for themselves through quotations . They also noted that the book filled a literary lacuna in scholarly understanding of the rapidly expanding and understudied fundamentalist Christian school . 
 
 = = Summary = = 
 
 God 's Choice : The Total World of a Fundamentalist Christian School is a 1986 book written by Alan Peshkin . It is a profile of an Illinois Christian fundamentalist school — its policies , practices , and participants . Peshkin , then Professor of Education at the University of Illinois at Urbana – Champaign , intended his account to be both impartial and " empathetic " . He presents the fundamentalists as disciplined , dedicated , and determined with " formulas for success " opposite " fragmented and defensive " detractors . They believe in " one Truth " — God 's plan — and reject philosophies of multiple truths . A teacher told Peshkin that their job is to prepare students for this " one pattern " of thought . In turn , the community 's constituents do not wish to leave , but appreciate conformity as an end in itself . Peshkin describes the school as a " total institution " : a place where many similar people live by their own formal rules apart from outside society , as based on Erving Goffman 's 1961 essay . Peshkin asserts that this was a natural conclusion from a school " based on absolute truth " . God 's Choice was the third book in his series of studies on school – community relationships . It was published by the University of Chicago Press . 
 In 1978 , Peshkin moved to an Illinois community of 50 @,@ 000 people that he pseudonymically called Hartney , where he stayed and observed for 18 months . He lived in an apartment within the home of a family associated with what he called the Bethany Baptist church . Peshkin studied their 350 @-@ student K – 12 Christian day school , Bethany Baptist Academy ( also a pseudonym ) . The school opened six years prior with 88 students and was one of over one thousand members of the American Association of Christian Schools . The study focuses on the 125 students in the junior – senior high school . After a semester , Peshkin began to interview the community members , and used their quotes to let them " speak for themselves " . The book includes eight portraits of students — four from faith and four " scorners " who " consciously deviate " — as well as student and teacher survey data , displayed in 16 tables . An appendix includes course offerings and a bibliography . 
 Peshkin 's findings show a " total world " where the lessons of religion and education are intertwined into an " interrelated , interdependent " philosophy . The academy 's intent is to make Christian professionals as what Peshkin describes as " a vocational school directed to work in the Lord 's service " . When compared to the work of public schools , the private school 's instructors said both kinds of institutions impose a lifestyle and set of values as a kind of " brainwashing " . Peshkin notes that while students " largely identify with " and uphold the fundamentalist teachings , they permit themselves the option of having " individual interpretations " and minor beliefs . Some students either dissent against the academy 's rules or are regarded as too pious , but most students are moderate . 
 Students take classes to be effective Christian leaders , including " Bible study and ' soul @-@ winning ' , English , speech , drama , and music " , which are seen as important to " read and proclaim the Word " . Academy teachers establish their authority through discipline and teach " the truth " as established by " facts " from the Bible . Bible passages are associated with the subject matter in a process called " integration " . The academy uses science books from Bob Jones University as an alternative to books that promote secular humanism , which is described as " the ' official religion ' of the public school system " . The Bob Jones science books associate the Bible with science , and often comment the relationship between God 's intelligence and the intricacies of nature . Classes like science , social studies , and math are viewed as less important for the goal of making Christian professionals apart from their training to do " everything a sinner can do , better " . Some classes are " memorization and recitation " -focused , reflecting an inelastic view of knowledge , which the academy believes to be fixed as based in biblical inerrancy . Their biggest external influence on curriculum is new books , which may affect how classes are taught , though the content ( " the truth " ) remains the same . 
 In a chapter on teacher selection and training , the task of socializing students with obedience and discipline takes precedence over the task of teaching content . Students are under constant supervision to uphold a pledge to avoid outside activities such as theater , fashion , dances , and certain television shows . They also avoid some activities altogether , such as sexualized contact , drugs , alcohol , and smoking . This pledge is to be upheld at home as well , and students are encouraged to report errancies . Teachers too pledge to prioritize " the pursuit of holiness " over all things in a " born again " activity where they " confess their sins and accept Jesus Christ as their personal savior " . The school is unapologetic in its insistence on " telling the kids what is right " and its according preference for lecture over discussion . Teachers are also afforded the option of corporal punishment , though it is rarely used . 
 The last two chapters feature Peshkin 's commentary on the school in society , its tradeoffs and comparison with other total institutions and larger social movements , like the New Religious Right . He also compares the academy to public and parochial schools , wherein he finds public school students more politically tolerant and acceptant of religious pluralism . Peshkin 's final reflections are written as a " cost @-@ benefit analysis " of these Christian schools in the larger American society . In the last chapter , Peshkin contemplates how his Jewish identity is insulated within a pluralistic and secular society , and how he is fearful of absolutist " imperious , implacable logic " and " zeal for conversion and exclusivism " . He recounted that while the school spoke derogatorily of non @-@ fundamentalists and non @-@ Christians , no one spoke of the American religious plurality that permitted this . In response to the encroaching state , fundamentalists feel that their political conviction should mirror that of their religion . Peshkin views the school as schismatic in a larger society for promoting intolerance towards fellow Americans . He also praised traits of the schools including its community , dedicated teachers , and attractive image . At the time of print , Christian schools like Bethany were outpacing the growth of other schools . In 1989 , Christian schools comprised about 20 % of private school enrollment — around 700 @,@ 000 students . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Reviewers wrote that Peshkin 's account was fair in its presentation , and that his choice to let individuals " speak for themselves " through abundant quotations was a strength . They also noted how the book filled a gap in the field and that his final chapter was too moralistic . 
 R. Scott Appleby ( American Journal of Education ) wrote that Peshkin succeeded at his attempt to be impartial , and that his presentation of fundamentalist culture is made both " understandable " and , in part , " admirable " . He reflected that this Christian pedagogy was closer to indoctrination than education in that it did not develop " critical skills and ... human capacities " in " open @-@ ended " learning but professed a fixed chain of knowledge " from on high " where humans are errant and need authoritarian guidance . Appleby added that fundamentalism blames public schools and its associated state apparatus as both a manufacturer enemy needed to feed its " sense of crisis " and for creating " unsafe " areas unregulated by " Christian truth " . Sociologist Susan Rose " broadens the base " of God 's Choice in her 1988 Keeping Them Out of the Hands of Satan , and Appleby writes that the two books compliment each other 's lacunae . While God 's Choice has an " engaging , sometimes riveting narrative " with vivid characters but little outside information apart from statistics , Keeping Them Out of the Hands of Satan includes extra detail on how fundamentalist groups interact and share a larger societal milieu . For example , Rose explains the difference in " born @-@ again experiences " of evangelicals and fundamentalists , which Peshkin glosses over . 
 In her own review of Peshkin 's book , Rose ( Contemporary Sociology ) praised its " clear and detailed " contribution to the field but wished for more overview material on the Christian School Movement 's rise , proponents , philosophical consistency , and " sociohistorical context " . She wrote that few had studied Christian schools , the " fastest growing sector of private education in the United States " . In commending Peshkin 's even @-@ handedness , she wrote that his forthrightness about declaring his own biases and effort to present participant voices through direct quotation were strong elements , though he described more than he analyzed . Rose felt that the " interesting " final chapters of analysis and comparison with public schools " grounded " the overall ethnography , though she wished for more comparison of the adolescent student experience between the academy and other kinds of American schools . She considers Peshkin 's " discussion of the politics of pluralism " , that Christian schools both add to American religious pluralism while advocating against it , possibly his best contribution . 
 Jean Holm ( The Times Higher Education Supplement ) too noted the fast growth of conservative Christian schools but added that the book was also relevant in Britain , which was experiencing similar growth . She found the first few chapters somewhat repetitive as it expressed the uniformity of the school 's practices . Richard V. Pierard ( Christian Century ) felt that Peshkin wrote with " deeply respect " for the school and its community , but Pierard , himself an evangelical , was " disturbed " by the community 's " indoctrinated " values — " biblical absolutes " that are " part of a conservative program that has been read into Scripture " . Paul F. Parsons ( Christianity Today ) noted that Peshkin found the school successful by traditional terms , with standardized tests , orderly climate , and " fun @-@ loving " students , but lacking free exchange of ideas , as education is seen more as a transfer than a quest , and students do not learn " choice , doubt , suspended judgment , [ or ] dissent " . Parsons affirmed Peshkin 's findings as " remarkably representative " based on his own visits to " Christian schools in 60 cities " , though others are less absolutist . And while Julian McAllister Groves ( Journal of Contemporary Ethnography ) described the text as " beautifully written " and " poetic " , he doubted whether the school 's students were as converted as they said , and felt that Peshkin might have seen more " role distance " and examples of playing along simply for community acceptance had he stayed for lunch and other informal observations . 
 
 
 = Baltimore mayoral election , 1999 = 
 
 On November 2 , 1999 , the city of Baltimore , Maryland , elected a new mayor , the 47th in the city 's history . Primary elections were held to determine the nominees for the Democratic Party and Republican Party on September 14 . Incumbent mayor Kurt Schmoke , a Democrat , opted not to run for reelection . Martin O 'Malley , a member of the Baltimore City Council , won the election to succeed Schmoke . 
 Because Baltimore 's electorate is overwhelmingly Democratic , whoever won the Democratic primary election was seen as the favorite over the Republican nominee in the general election . Baltimore 's large African American population initially made it seem likely that the next mayor would also be African American . Kweisi Mfume was the preferred candidate of local politicians , but he opted not to run . Though Carl Stokes and Lawrence Bell , members of the City Council , declared for the race , local leaders were underwhelmed with the quality of declared candidates . 
 In 1999 , Baltimore experienced high rates of murder and unemployment , and had a failing city school system . O 'Malley declared his candidacy , focusing his campaign on a " zero tolerance " approach to crime . He received endorsements from many of the city 's African American leaders . After a close race , O 'Malley overtook both Stokes and Bell to win the Democratic nomination , which all but assured him of victory in the general election . He defeated Republican candidate David F. Tufaro in the general election by an overwhelming majority . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Kurt Schmoke , the incumbent Mayor of Baltimore , was serving his third term . He announced in December 1998 that he would not run for reelection the following year , the first time an incumbent Baltimore mayor did not run for reelection since 1971 . Schmoke was the first African American mayor in Baltimore 's history . 
 Racial politics had long played a role in Baltimore . As the state of Maryland did not attempt to prevent African Americans from voting through Jim Crow laws , political coalitions often involved African American community leaders . Theodore McKeldin , who served as mayor from 1943 through 1947 and from 1963 through 1967 , was one of the first political leaders to work with African American community leaders . By 1999 , 63 % of Baltimore 's registered voters were African American , and 90 % were registered to the Democratic Party . Baltimore had not elected a Republican mayor since 1963 . 
 As of 1999 , Baltimore experienced 300 murders a year , which was the fourth most in the nation . Unemployment was 9 % , twice the national average . Between 1990 and 1998 , Baltimore saw its population decrease by 12 @.@ 3 % , the second @-@ biggest decrease during that time period in the United States . This decrease led to its work force decreasing by one @-@ sixth . The city saw decreases in heavy @-@ manufacturing by 40 percent , distribution jobs by 35 percent , retail positions by 34 percent , and banking jobs by 28 percent . Also , the state of Maryland had taken over the city 's failing school system in 1996 , which upset African American politicians . State Senator Clarence M. Mitchell , IV called the takeover racist . Baltimore City Council members , including President Lawrence Bell and Martin O 'Malley , had opposed the handling of Baltimore 's high crime rate by Schmoke and Baltimore Police Department ( BPD ) Commissioner Thomas C. Frazier . 
 
 = = Candidates = = 
 
 
 = = = Democrats = = = 
 
 Bell was considered in February 1999 to be the front @-@ runner in the mayoral race . Other potential candidates included State 's Attorney Patricia Jessamy , former City Councilman Carl Stokes , City Comptroller Joan Pratt , and Joan Carter Conway , a member of the Maryland State Senate . 
 City leaders , including Howard P. Rawlings , a member of the Maryland House of Delegates , and William Donald Schaefer , the Comptroller of Maryland and Schmoke 's predecessor as mayor , feared that none of the potential candidates had the vision to continue the urban renewal that took place under Schmoke and Schaefer . They hoped that Baltimore @-@ native Kweisi Mfume , the president of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People ( NAACP ) , would run . Mfume had previously served on the Baltimore City Council and in the United States House of Representatives . Schmoke called the race " his to lose " . However , Mfume lived in nearby Catonsville , Maryland , and did not move into Baltimore until March , which would leave him short of the one year residency requirement . 
 The state legislature passed a law shortening the residency requirement from one year to six months , which was signed into law by Democratic Governor Parris Glendening in April . Bell attempted to have the legislation overturned . The City Council , with Schmoke 's support considered raising the salary of the mayor in April , to make the position more enticing to Mfume . Also , 200 Baltimore citizens , including three former mayors , attempted to draft Mfume into the race . However , Mfume had signed a five @-@ year contract with the NAACP in 1996 . Mfume considered leaving the NAACP to run , but in May , decided to remain with the organization . 
 Stokes announced his candidacy in December 1998 . Bell announced his candidacy two days after Mfume passed on running , in May 1999 , promising to tackle crime and improve public safety . Community leaders who attempted to draft Mfume into the race began to back Stokes . Other declared candidates included Mary Conaway , the City Register of Wills , activists A. Robert Kaufman , Robert Marsili , and Phillip Brown . Jessamy stated that without Mfume in the race , she would consider running , but she opted against getting into the race . 
 A June 1999 poll conducted by Gonzales / Arscott Communications Inc . , a polling firm based in Annapolis , Maryland , showed Schaefer ahead of Bell . Schaefer stated that he had no interest in running , and threw his support behind Bishop Robinson , the former BPD Commissioner . Robinson chose not to run . 
 O 'Malley initially supported Bell 's candidacy . Bell urged O 'Malley to endorse him , and offered him the job of city solicitor in exchange for his support . However , O 'Malley began to distance himself from Bell , not appearing at Bell 's campaign announcement , due to disagreements on several bills debated at the City Council . Bell 's supporters attempted to convince O 'Malley to run for City Council President , but O 'Malley announced his decision to run for mayor in June , becoming the first major candidate in the race who was Caucasian . He began the campaign largely unknown outside of Northeast Baltimore . 
 
 = = = Republicans = = = 
 
 On July 1 , David F. Tufaro , a real estate developer and lawyer from Roland Park , Maryland , announced his intention to run for the Republican Party nomination , joining three neighborhood activists who had already declared their intentions to run . Carl Adair , a public school teacher who had run unsuccessfully for the City Council and the Maryland House of Delegates on numerous occasions , was also a candidate for the Republican nomination . 
 Republican Party officials quickly began to back Tufaro , who criticized the Democratic Party by pointing out that Democrats have led Baltimore in its decline . 
 
 = = Campaign = = 
 
 Fifteen candidates ended up running in the Democratic primary . The front @-@ runners were considered to be O 'Malley , Bell , and Stokes . Schmoke made no endorsement in the race . 
 O 'Malley and Bell called for " zero tolerance " to all crime , though Stokes felt this policy was biased against minorities . Stokes ran on the issue of education , as he was a former member of the Baltimore school board , in addition to the city council . Stokes vowed to reduce class sizes and reverse the trend of citizens of Baltimore leaving the city to live in nearby suburbs . 
 O 'Malley faced initial difficulties based on race , as a community leader stated that his entrance into the race " created some tension , " and that O 'Malley 's potential victory " would be the worst thing that could happen in this city " and could " tear this city apart . " Some saw his entrance in the race as an attempt to split the African American vote . However , O 'Malley received endorsements from prominent African American politicians in August , including Rawlings , fellow state Delegate Kenneth Montague , and Conway . Rawlings credited O 'Malley 's " track record of empowering black Americans . " He also received an endorsement from Schaefer . Some African Americans charged Rawlings with " stabbing us in the back " over the endorsement . 
 Bell attempted to portray himself as the heir apparent to Schmoke . However , disclosures from a lawsuit revealed Bell 's financial troubles , which included having his car repossessed . Bell lost support after he stated that voters should choose him because " I look like you . " Stokes began to lose support after he was charged with lying about having a college degree , when it was discovered that he did not graduate from Loyola University Maryland , as his campaign literature stated . It was also revealed that Stokes settled an income tax lien . Bell 's supporters rallied outside the offices of The Baltimore Sun , challenging that they were writing negative stories about African American candidates , and giving better treatment to O 'Malley during the campaign . Stokes was able to recover support when he received endorsements from The Baltimore Sun , the Baltimore Afro @-@ American , and the ministerial alliance . 
 Bell led Stokes in a poll conducted early in the race , 33 % to 17 % , before O 'Malley declared his candidacy . By late August , Bell slipped in the polls to third place , with O 'Malley and Stokes tied . Bell and O 'Malley began airing television commercials supporting their campaigns in early August , while Stokes did not begin to air commercials until September . O 'Malley also advertised on the radio . 
 Seven candidates , including Democrats Bell , Stokes , O 'Malley , and Conaway , and Republicans Adair , Tufaro , and Arthur Cuffie Jr . , met for a debate on September 8 . The debate focused on crime , with Bell , Stokes , and O 'Malley making their cases regarding " zero tolerance " , while Adair and Tufaro declared their support for Frazier . 
 
 = = Results = = 
 
 
 = = = Democratic primary = = = 
 
 The Democratic primary was held on September 14 . Turnout was high ; though the mayoral candidates expected about 100 @,@ 000 voters , about half of Baltimore 's 294 @,@ 000 registered voters voted in the primary elections . 
 O 'Malley won the primary election with more than 50 % of the vote , though he received only 30 % of the African American vote . Bell and Stokes split a significant portion of the city 's black majority , but their combined total was less than O 'Malley . At his victory rally , O 'Malley called the election " a victory for diversity and a victory for inclusiveness " . 
 
 = = = Republican primary = = = 
 
 In the September 14 Republican primary , Tufaro received over half of the votes cast . Adair finished in second place . 
 
 = = = General election = = = 
 
 Despite the odds he faced in the general election , Tufaro promised to campaign against O 'Malley , not taking defeat as an inevitability . He pointed to Bret Schundler , the mayor of Jersey City , New Jersey , as evidence that a Republican could be elected in a heavily Democratic city . Schundler came to Baltimore to campaign for Tufaro . 
 Regarding public housing , Tufaro called for renovations rather than demolishing vacant buildings , which drew criticism , as Housing Commissioner Daniel P. Henson III pointed out that renovating was more expensive than demolishing . O 'Malley promised to enforce provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 , which require banks to invest in poor neighborhoods . Tufaro further proposed a plan for school vouchers and to drug test students , which drew opposition from the Baltimore Teachers Union and from O 'Malley , who favored expanding pre @-@ kindergarten and after @-@ school programs , while making summer school mandatory . When discussing the problem of HIV / AIDS in Baltimore , which disproportionately affects African Americans , both O 'Malley and Tufaro promised to continue the city 's needle exchange program . 
 Tufaro criticized O 'Malley 's zero tolerance policy , suggesting it would lead to increased police brutality towards minorities . He instead proposed continuing Mayor Schmoke 's community policing strategy . Opponents of the zero tolerance policy tried to tie O 'Malley to the Baltimore Police shooting of an African American car theft suspect . 
 WMAR @-@ TV conducted the only poll of the general election with SurveyUSA , which showed O 'Malley leading with 87 % of the vote . On Election Day , O 'Malley easily defeated Tufaro in the general election , receiving over 90 % of the vote . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
