SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I was hoping you could answer some questions for me about my premium subscription.

USR:Could you tell me the status of my bronze level subscription?

SYS:ok, you just want to know the status of your membership

SYS:sure!

SYS:would you give me your full name or account ID

SYS:please

USR:Thank you! I really enjoy my subscription and would like to find out if it is still active. Sure! My name is Joseph Banter.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:I need the ID of the account, additionally it would give me your order ID please

USR:Account ID is 6T4FLVGV4B and the Order ID is 9287191760

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:ok, everything in order

SYS:let's check your status

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:ok your account is active and its due date was yesterday.

USR:Oh! Could I please pay my annual fee today? I would like to keep my subscription active if possible.

SYS:Then I will pass a link that goes directly to your account data so you can verify it yourself.

SYS:sure! one moment please

USR:Thanks so much!

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:here is the link

USR:Thank you for your help, I appreciate it!

SYS:you only need your username and password to enter

SYS:Mr. Joseph do you want to pay your membership?

USR:Yes, I do, thank you.

SYS:ok the annual amount is 99 $ will you pay it in full?

USR:Yes, please, I'd like to pay that in full today.

SYS:Do you have a credit card that you want to use?

ACT:Details of 99 have been entered.

USR:Yep, I have it ready.

SYS:Or should I use the one that is already associated with your account?

SYS:ok pass me the information please

USR:If you could use the one already associated with the account that would be great.

SYS:not problem

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:all set Mr. Jospeh

USR:Thank you for your help with everything!

SYS:no problem

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, Why does this product was much cheaper yesterday compared to today?

SYS:I can look into that for you.

SYS:May I get your name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:What product did you have an issue with, Crystal?

USR:Boots

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:A reason of  has been recorded.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:Crystal, can I get your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:MBNVWPM3GI, order id is 8888747113

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks, one moment

SYS:Crystal, there was a supply constraint on that item due to import restrictions based upon global conditions.

SYS:Our pricing is dynamic and does change like that sometimes.

USR:Thanks for the info

SYS:Id there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Have a great day, Crystal!

<|endoftext|>USR:The shipping cost is too high for me

SYS:Okay. Let me help you out with that.

SYS:Could I get your name, account ID and order ID please?

USR: Sanya Afzal

USR: TNSTGSXHJJ

USR:5981451466

SYS:Thanks

SYS:One moment please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And could I get your username and email please?

USR: sanyaa43@email.com

USR:sanyaa43

SYS:Thanks. One moment while I verify a few things

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Has the order shipped yet?

USR: Order Received

USR:so no

USR:The fee was 15 dollars

SYS:Okay one moment please

ACT:Order has been updated with waive fee.

SYS:I went ahead and waived the shipping fee for you, Sanya.

SYS:Is there anything else I could do for you today?

USR:no

SYS:Awesome. Hope you enjoy the rest of your day :)

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

USR:Hi, everytime I search for an item I get 0 results. I am frustrated. Can you help me solve this problem.

SYS:Sure I can

SYS:Follow these steps

SYS:Log out of your account and log back in. Then give it a try again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:okay.

USR:I did that.

USR:It didn't work. is there another way around it

SYS:Try clearing out your cookies and try the search button again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That seemed to have worked!

USR:Thank you for your help

SYS:Nice one

SYS:Will this be all for today?

USR:That is all thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I'm trying to do too many things at once and can't remember my username.    Want to check my purchase history so I can get something similar but not the same as I gave my son last yers.

USR:Opps.   Last word should be 'year'

SYS:No problem, I'd be happy to help you recover it. Can you send me your full name or account ID?

USR:My name is David Williams.   I'm contacting you because I forgot my username.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you, and for sure, the account ID is just a unique number that identifies someone's account and is different from their username. To get your username, I'll just need a few pieces of identifying information. Can you give me 2 of the following 3

SYS:Sorry, my message got cut off. I'll need 2 of these 3: zip code, email address, and phone number.

USR:Zip code is 93643.    Email is dwilliams.  Phone is (270) 335-4838991@email.com.   Phone is

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:Opps .  That is garbled.   Phone is (270) 335-4838.    Email is dwilliams991@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, everything went through that time. Your username is: dwilliams1. Is there anything else you need help with today?

USR:Can you hold just one minute to make sure I get in and find my history?

SYS:For sure, let me know if you run into any problems.

USR:Actually I'm in already and see the history.

SYS:Glad to hear it! Anything else I can help with?

USR:No thank you.   You have been most helpful.

SYS:No problem, enjoy the rest of your day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and welcome to AcmeCorp.  How can I help you today?

USR:Can you tell me the price for overnight shipping?  Is it even available?

SYS:Yes, I'll be happy to answer that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:If you're in the US, our Overnight Shipping is a weight-based rate.  It's $39.99 for items 5 pounds or less.

USR:I am a gold member.  Can I get a discount on that?

SYS:$54.99 for 10 pounds or less, and $69.99 for everything else.  If you're in Hawaii or Alaska it's $10.00 higher.  We don't ship outside of the US.

SYS:Do you want to upgrade to overnight shipping for your item?

SYS:There is no upgrade fee for gold members.

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question3) was selected.

SYS:Are you still there?

USR:yes

USR:I'm still thinking about, so I don't want to upgrade at the moment.  Thanks

SYS:Okay then.  Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No thank you.  Have a good day

SYS:Great, have a nice day too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, i am trying to access my account to check on an order but i have forgotten my username

SYS:I see, I can help you with this. Could you please  start by providing me a little more information? I need your full name or Account ID

USR:Full name: David Williams, I do not have my account ID right me. I do have my email address, member level and order address, Ido you need any of those?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Yes, sir. I have pulled up your account and just need your zip code and email address to confirm your identity.

USR:zip code: 68074. email address: davidwilliams847@email.com

SYS:Thank you, one moment

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Perfect, I have verified your identity. Your username is dwilliams1

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with today?

USR:no that will be everything, thank you for helping me today

SYS:Thank you and have a good day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi could you help with an item?

SYS:Sure, what did you need help with?

USR:I'm looking for a small in a tommy hilfiger shirt

USR:Could you let me know if it's available in store?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:The shirts come in a variety of sizes, we restock all of them at the second week of every month. So please check then.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other2) was selected.

USR:ok so there are none in store to buy now?

SYS:You'll have to check, if there isn't you can buy it on the second week of the month when it restocks.

SYS:Was there anything else you needed help with today?

USR:ok that's it

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Norman Bouchard here

USR:I want to return an item

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:Is there a reason that you want to return an item?

USR:Yeah they arrived with a stain

USR:its a pair of boots

SYS:I will be glad to help you.

USR:thanks a lot for the assistance :)

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Could I have your username, email address and order id to validate your order?

USR:yeah I can do that

USR:Email Address: nbouchard523@email.com

USR:Username: nbouchard523

USR:Order ID: 4157383304

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:its Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Has the boots been bought within the last 90 days?

USR:No, not within the last 90 days

SYS:According to policy, only items bought within the last 90 days can be return for bronze members.

SYS:I would like to apologize but we cannot initiate a return at this time.

USR:I understand I guess I will have to deal with that stain then

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:I really like the boots so no problem

USR:no that would be all

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I would like some information about a product I'm thinking of buying

SYS:Okay, sure what did you want to know?

USR:It's about Michael Kors jeans. I'd like to know how much it would cost to have them tailored?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:If you are a bronze, silver or gold member, then tailoring is free. Tailoring for guests is also free if you have bought 3 or more pairs of jeans and have the associated reciepts. Otherwise, tailoring is $15 per pair with a free consultation. The len

USR:Ok. Thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else you need>

USR:No that's it. Thanks.

SYS:Okay, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:Hi! I was looking at a pair of boots and would like some information on it please

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

USR:I would like to know if the shoe is regular or wide?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Our boots typically run a bit wide, and are usually 1/6 inch wider than US sizing. But we do have free returns, so if you need a different size you can exchange them at no cost!

USR:Understood

USR:Thank you

SYS:You're welcome! You have a great day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp how may I help you?

USR:Yes, I need to return an item.

SYS:Ok I would happy to help with you that.

SYS:May I ask why you are returning the item?

USR:It's the wrong color

USR:I would look ridiculous :)

SYS:I sincerely apologize.

SYS:May I have your full name or Account ID?

USR:Sure, my name is Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you Joseph and to verify further may I please have your username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:Yes, my username is josephb5, and my email is josephb5@email.com

USR:Give me a sec to find the order id...

SYS:No problem.

USR:OK, found it - 0195027693

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:May I have your membership level please?

USR:Yeah, I'm bronze level

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:May I have the purchase date?

USR:2020-01-06

SYS:Do you still have the receipt and/or original packaging?

USR:I have the receipt, but not the original box and stuff

SYS:Good news, we can return item! May I have your address?

USR:Great! I'm at 2258 Circle Drive, San Mateo, TX 78560

ACT:Details of 2258 Circle Drive, San Mateo, TX 78560 have been entered.

SYS:How would you like to process this return? Options include mail, in store, or drop off center?

USR:I can bring it back to the store, it's nearby

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

SYS:Ok sounds good. Is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:No, that is everything, thanks

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I would like to return an item because it is the wrong size

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:thanks Joyce.

USR:welcome

SYS:To validate your purchase, can I have your username, email address and order id please?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

USR:Username: joycewu5

USR:Email Address: joycewu5@email.com

USR:Order ID: 5978868053

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. Next, what is your membership level?

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:thanks. What is your purchase date?

USR:2020-03-22

SYS:It is possible to return with the last 6 months.

USR:Okay can we process that return now

SYS:Sure.

USR:Ok

SYS:I need your full address for printing a shipping label.

SYS:and how would you like to process your return?

SYS:by mail, in store or drop off center?

USR:2688 Lincoln Ave  Jacksonville, WA 87663

USR:in store

ACT:Details of 2688 Lincoln Ave Jacksonville, WA 87663 have been entered.

SYS:thanks.

USR:welcome

ACT:Order has been updated with in store.

SYS:Okay, you can go ahead and print the shipping label and proceed with the return.

USR:Okay, thank you for me helping me today

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:That is everything

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello. I have an issue with your site

SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

SYS:I'll be glad to help you with that. May I get your full name, please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

USR:I am trying to search on your site but all I see is a spinning wheel

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:The searches won't go through

USR:Can you fix it? Or at least time me what's going on?

USR:*tell me

SYS:I'm so sorry for the inconvenience.

SYS:Would you please try logging out of your account, and logging in again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yes, I'll try that

USR:Huh. I followed your instructions but the wheel is still there

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:I have notified our internal website team about the error for you!

USR:Thank you

SYS:Next, would you please try clearing the cookies in your browser?

USR:All right I will try

USR:Well, that didn't work either

USR:I still can't do searches

USR:Do you have any other suggestions for me?

SYS:Okay! Next let's try this: instead of your original search term, try searching for something else, like "prada handbag". Sometimes that can reset the search and get it working again for you.

USR:Okay, sure

USR:Hmmm....this prada thing did the trick!

USR:The search is working fine now

USR:I'll have to remember that next time I have an issue

SYS:Wonderful! So glad we resolved it for you.

USR:Yes I'm very happy

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:No, that was it

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:I need to make sure my annual subscription payment is made.

SYS:Ok, what's your membership level

USR:silver

SYS:Can I get your full name account id and order id

USR:Account ID: D2UPHJXENF      Account ID: D2UPHJXENF , Name is Sanya Afzal

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Do you happen to have an order id

USR:Order ID: 7872939149

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is payment is due in 3 days in the amount of $14

USR:Can I just have that billed to the Credit card on file?

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Yes, I have sent a link so you can log in and do that

USR:Ok, thanks a lot, goodbye.

SYS:For reference your user id is aAfzal2

SYS:Have a nice day

USR:Thanks, perfect.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi I'm having a problem with my order

USR:I tried to enter my credit card info but your system won't take it

SYS:Ok, let me help you fix this.

SYS:Can you try it one more time for me

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok hold on

USR:no didn't work

SYS:Can you log out of your account and back tin and try again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok hold on

USR:hey that worked!

SYS:Great! Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:that's it thanks!

SYS:Great! Enjoy the rest of your day

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello

USR:Hi! I forgot the password to my account and now I can't access it. Can you help me?

SYS:Yes I will help you

SYS:Give me your username

SYS:Give me your full name or account id

USR:joycewu0

SYS:Give me your full name

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Details of joycewu0 have been entered.

SYS:I can get your old password but I can create a new one for you

SYS:I will need your PIN number

USR:Yes please

USR:my pin is 350219

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Here is your new password: tv9s642kfj8

USR:Ok. Thank you.

SYS:You are welcome

SYS:Would this be all for today?

USR:Yes. Thank you. Now I can check my order status

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:I signed up for the premium subscription shopping service and was billed for it twice. I need to see about having one of those refunded

SYS:ok, I can help with that

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Can I have your Account ID and Order ID also?

USR:Account ID: EPBEXOHPZA

USR:Order ID: 1981897138

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:thank you

SYS:Do you know your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ok, I checked with our system and you were billed twice

SYS:Just to clarify, did you pay twice and need me to refund you?

USR:Yes

SYS:thank you, how much extra were you charged?

USR:$99

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $99.

SYS:Ok, $99 has been refunded to your account

SYS:sorry for the inconvenience

USR:That's ok.  Thank you for taking care of it

SYS:You're welcome!

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi I just found out what I ordered is 20 cheaper at Walmart

SYS:Oh no! Let me see what I can do. Can I have your full name or account ID to pull up your account please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:JE4GOSNOJO

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Could I also get your order ID?

USR:1652287095

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Alright, I've found your order. Unfortunately prices often change. Our prices are set by a dynamic algorithm and it's outside of my control.

USR:Can I talk to manager please

SYS:I can't connect to a manager at the moment. I am able to offer you a discount via promo code.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Your promo code is 8IJUI

USR:Ty

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I appreciate that

USR:No thank you

SYS:Thanks, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi I would like to make a return. I seem to have gotten the wrong size.

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that.  May I have your full name, please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Okay, Mr. Bouchard, may I have your Username, email address, and order ID?

USR:Sure my username is nb837079

USR:Give me a minute to get that order ID

USR:1973693016

USR:Oh yes and my email address is nb837079@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.  Are you a Gold, Silver, or Bronze member?

USR:bronze

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:May I have the purchase date?

USR:It was October 17, 2019

SYS:Do you have a receipt for the order?

USR:Yes I do

SYS:Wonderful.

SYS:May I have your full address?

USR:7635 Primrose Ave  La Fayette, TX 94654

ACT:Details of 7635 Primrose Ave La Fayette, TX 94654 have been entered.

SYS:How would you like to process your return:  by mail, in-store, or drop off center?

USR:By mail please

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:I will send you an email with the return shipping label so that you can print it and use it for the return.

USR:OKay great

SYS:May I help you with anything else?

USR:That's it, thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:If I get this guess Shirt for $69.00 . how do I remove pasta sauce from it?  I'm a messy eater.

SYS:I can look up washing instructions for you. May I ask who I am speaking with?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how2) was selected.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how1) was selected.

SYS:Thanks Alessandro, just one moment please.

SYS:You can wash the shirt normally. But if it stains soak the shirt in cold water for a bout a half hour and then scrub and then put in the wash.

USR:O.k. that's good to know, because I'm terrible with white clothing.  Maybe I need a bib.  Thank you

SYS:I have the same problem! Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that's all.  You've been so helpful.  have a nice day

SYS:I'm glad I could help. You have a great day too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I am trying to make a purchase, but my cart is not cooperating!

USR:Can you help me?

USR:Are you still there?

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Can I please have your name and account number?

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:I don't know my account number

USR:would my username help?

SYS:Thanks. Mr. Bouchard, can you please try refreshing your page? and adding the item back to your cart?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok just a minute

USR:that doesn't seem to work, do you have any other ideas? My cart still isn'tupdating

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Sure, can you please log out and then back into your account?

USR:will try, hold on

USR:hmm that might have done it

USR:let me add something else and see if it works

SYS:Great, please let me know.

USR:Yes, that seems to be OK - it is letting me buy stuff now

USR:wonder what was wrong

SYS:Great, is there anyting else I can help you with?

USR:Nope, thanks for your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how can i help you today?

USR:I can to discuss you stocking policy, the last few times I've order items they've been out of stock and I've had to wait a long time to receive them.

SYS:ok, if im understanding correctly you are inquiring about several items being out of stock today, and a timeline for restock?

SYS:i can help you with that, i just need your full name and account id to get started

USR:Not just today, over the past few weeks.

USR:Multiple orders.

SYS:i see, i apologise for the misunderstanding, i can assist with that as well

SYS:may i please have your full name or account #?

SYS:so i can help resolve your issue on stock policy

USR:sure,

USR:Albert Sanders is my name.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:my Username is: alberts4, is that the account#?

SYS:Thank you. that is not the account number, but I do not need it at this time

USR:The Order ID I'm referencing is the last one, 4456862400

USR:It was for Michale Kors boots.

SYS:oh, so this is for a specific order?

SYS:or the stock policy for several items?

USR:That is my last order, but it always seems to me your out of stock and delayed.

USR:could you put in a suggestion to improve your supply chain or stokcing policy so customers don't have to wait so long?

SYS:i can write up a report based on these items, and send it to the purchasing deprtment, so they can better meet your needs

USR:I'd appreciate if you would do that. It's frustrating waiting too long for simple orders. If you do that, that is all I need.

USR:Thank you,

SYS:understadably, is there nothing else i can help you with today? i can check on your boots order specifically if need be

USR:PLease check on it and once that is done it is all I need.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:ok the purchasing department has been notified, now let me check on those boots for you

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors boots has been recorded.

SYS:ok, i have notified the purchasing team to expidite our orders of the michael's koors boots as well

USR:thank you. that is all i need.

SYS:since there is nothing else i can assist you with today, and weve resolved your issue, id like to wish you a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. Thank you for contacting Acme brands. What is your name?

USR:hi, i was planning on buying a few items and i would like to know when you annual sale is going to start?

SYS:I will be happy to take a look into that.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

SYS:The annual sale starts on usually the last week of January.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question3) was selected.

USR:that is all i needed thank you for your help

SYS:Thank you for being a customer!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello, I hope you can help today, I am trying to view my shopping history but can not get signed in

USR:I can't access my account because I no longer have the phone I used for two factor authentication

USR:Is there another way?

SYS:I can help you get into your account.  If I could get your name we can start the process of unlinking the two-factor authorization from your account.

USR:The name is Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thanks, Norman. We can send you a link to reset the 2FA. What's the email?

USR:I only have a pin number available to me

SYS:Okay, we can use that.

USR:Perfect thank you

SYS:What's the PIN?

USR:35603

ACT:Details of 35603 have been entered.

SYS:Thank you. We'll send the email to the address on file. There you can reset the 2FA. Also, feel free to review our guidelines for online security.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:Thank you so much, have a good day

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you?

USR:Hi there, Albert here.  I need to access my account and am having some trouble remembering my username.  Can you assist me?

SYS:sure id be happy to help you with this problem

SYS:can I get a name.

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:I found your account. I now need to verify your identity. I need your zip code and phone number.

USR:84486

USR:Phone Number: (400) 930-5468

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great everything looks good. I will now give you your username Asanders1.

USR:Ahh yes!  Thank you very much

SYS:Do you need anymore help?

USR:That is all for today good sir, thank you!

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I do for you?

USR:The item I want is very much overpriced

SYS:I'm sorry you feel that way.

SYS:Is there something specific I can help you with?

USR:can I get it for cheaper?

SYS:No, I am sorry I do not have control over the prices

USR:anything you can do about it?

SYS:I can give you a promo code

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:BZVK4

USR:thank you

SYS:You can use that to take 20% off an item

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello. I want to check my account. I was supposed to get a $40 promotional credit and it's not there.

SYS:Okay, could I please have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you, Norman. Where was the credit from?

USR:It was a one time deal with a previous purchase. It was for some Michael Kors boots I bought.

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

SYS:Sorry for the inconvenience, let me check our system here.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:This is a visual bug. It shows on our end you have  the credit. Please try logging out and back in and your credit should show up.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Oh great! Yep I just did and there it is. Nope that's all, thanks so much.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:Good morning! I'm thinking of making some purchases and am interested in the premium membership. Can you give me some info?

SYS:Sure! Can I first start with your name?

USR:yup! It's Norman.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Thank You Norman!

SYS:Do you have a specific question about the premium membership?

USR:I just wanted to know the benefits of having a premium membership

SYS:Sure! With a premium membership you have exclusive access to holiday parties.

SYS:Our gold members are able to get refunds with needed with pretty much no questions asked

SYS:You can get exclusive access to promo codes and free shipping.  Who doesn't love free shipping

USR:Wow, that sounds awesome. Can you sign me up??

SYS:Give me a moment to pull up some more information for you

USR:ok

USR:I'll just take care of it on my own. ThankS1

SYS:Ok, not a problem.  You can always sign up on the website at anytime

SYS:Did you have any other questions today?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi! I was calling because I am trying to use a promo code with my order but it is being declared as invalid

USR:I just received the code 2 days ago

USR:Am not sure why this would be happening

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that. I will do my best to resolve your issue.

SYS:Can you please tell me your full name or account ID?

USR: Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thank you. Please give me a moment to review your account.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience you experienced regarding your promo code.

SYS:It looks like the promo code expired too early due to a system error on our side.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Your new promo code is RTBQU

USR:Oh okay

USR:Thank you so much for resolving the issue

SYS:You are welcome.

USR:I appreciate your help

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is all. Thank you

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. Can I be of any assistance today?

USR:I was thinking about buying one if you guys products and i wanted to see if you could give me more info on it

SYS:Sure I can help you with that. What in particular are looking for?

USR:I was looking at the Tommy Hilfiger boots you guys have

SYS:Those are great boots. Any specific thing about them?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:do you guys have a size 9 in stock?

SYS:Can you hold while I check on that for you? Can I have your name please?

USR:okay and Albert Sanders

SYS:Thanks Albert. Is the item showing out of stock on the site?

USR:she the website is saying unavailable but i was just wondering my you had some back in stock or you know when you will have them

SYS:I see. Currently we are out of the size 9 Tommy Hilfiger boots. I will definitely put in a report for this to the shipping department so they are aware.

ACT:A reason of size 9 Tommy Hilfiger boots has been recorded.

USR:okay bthank you

ACT:The  has been notified.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:We can also back order the item for you.

USR:please i would like that

SYS:Sure. Can I have your account ID for verification please?

USR:HG12326

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thanks so much Albert. One minute while I get this sorted for you.

USR:ok

SYS:SHould we use the credit card that is already on file?

USR:yes

ACT:A purchase of size 9 Tommy Hilfiger boots was made.

SYS:Great. Thanks Albert. As soon as we get them in we will get these boots shipped out to you.

USR:thank you for your help

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that's all

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hi

USR:I have a question about my premium subscription

USR:Can you tell if it is active right now?

USR:I really love it, and I want to keep it, but I am not sure what is going on with it

SYS:Sure let me check

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay your subscription is active with no amount due

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Okay, great

USR:Do you know when the annual fee is due?

SYS:I have sent you a link so you can easily check it yourself as long as you have your username and password

USR:Yes, I do

SYS:As of right now no but i recommend checking once a month so it does not run out

USR:Okay. But do you know when it is due?

USR:Just so I can plan to figure out when that bill will come

USR:I want to enter the amount into my budget

SYS:The due date for  this month is tommorow but since you paid anually there is no amount due

USR:Okay

USR:So my annual fee is due tomorrow?

USR:I don't understand

SYS:Yes but i am seeing you have already paid it so you do not have to worry

USR:Okay. I just really want to know, though, when does the annual fee come due again?

USR:Like, is it due 12 months from now?

USR:Or 7 months? Or what?

USR:Oh wait. LOL

USR:I am so silly. You're saying that my annual fee is due tomorrow, but I've already paid, it, right?

SYS:Yes Sorry if i was hard to understand

SYS:It looks like you were charged automatically

USR:I don't know why I didn't understand before. It's my fault, not yours. I guess I need more coffee lol

SYS:I understand that, is there anything else i can help you with

USR:Thanks so much for your patience

USR:No, that was it

SYS:Okay, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, this is AcmeBrands customer service. How may I help you today?

USR:Dang it! I forgot my username.

SYS:No problem, I will need your full name, zip code, phone number, and address.

USR:My name is Norman Bouchard.

SYS:email address* not your residential address.

USR:I think the phone number on file is 989-320-3942

USR:I don't recall my email

SYS:That's alright, do you have your zip code?

USR:Zip code is 94539

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great, your username is nbouchard1

USR:That is great.  Thanks for your help.

SYS:No problem, is there anything else you need help with?

USR:That's all.  Have a good day.

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I'm trying to make a purchase, but my cart won't update when I add something to it

SYS:Alright, the first thing you need to try is logging out, refreshing the page, then logging back in.

SYS:Many times this will solve the problem.

SYS:Let me know if that works for you.

USR:ok, just a second

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:no luck, still can't update my cart

SYS:Alright, next let's make sure the item you are trying top add is in stock. Look at the product page in the lower left hand corner

SYS:It should tell you if the product is out of stock or not.

USR:Yes, it's in stock

SYS:Alright, I can always make the purchase for you if you would like

USR:that would be great!

SYS:Sure, what is the product your are trying to purchase?

USR:This guess tshirt

USR:$49

SYS:Great, what credit card would you like me to charge this to?

USR:the one on file

SYS:i do not have access to your account, so I need the number and expiration date.

USR:ok, let me try logging out and logging back in so we don't have to do all of this

USR:hang on

SYS:Sure

USR:oh! looks like it worksa

USR:thanks for your help!

SYS:Thats good to hear. Anything else I can do for you?

USR:nope that's it.  Thanks

SYS:No problem, you have a good rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I accidentally purchased an item and would like to remove it from my order.

SYS:Did you order too many items by accident?

USR:I ordered one item that was the wrong size and didn't mean to purchase it

SYS:I can certainly help you with that. Can I please have your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:Account ID: C5PQ5TEAY2

USR:Order ID: 6335023571

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Can you please tell me the current shipping status of the order?

USR:It says out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out for Delivery has been noted.

SYS:May I have your membership level please?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Since the order is already out for delivery, please contact us again after you receive the item.

SYS:We will be able to help you start the return process.

USR:Ok, that will help

USR:thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that is all, thanks

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi....I was wondering if you could check on the status of my account

SYS:Sure, no problem. Can I please have your name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:My name is Joseph Banter  but I haven't ordered anything yet. I am wondering if I can get a pair of jeans shipped overseas where I am working right now. I have only a guest level member

SYS:Thank you. Please give me a moment to look into that for you.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I deeply apologize but we are unable to offer international shipping.

USR:Thank you so much for the quick ansswer!

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:If you would like to learn more about your account and subscription features, please visit the following link http://www.acmebrands.com/faq

USR:Thank you so much for the information. It will be useful I am sure

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nothing else. Have a good day

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi, i want to manage my shipping details because my situation has changed. I ordered the wrong item on accident

SYS:Sure, no problem. Can I please have your name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Name: Alessandro Phoenix | Account ID: 12MVGFR64L | Order ID: 4573772730

SYS:Thank you

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Would you like to cancel your order because you ordered the wrong item?

USR:Yes

SYS:Can you tell me the current shipping status of your order?

USR:Shipping Status: In Transit

SYS:Thank you. One moment please.

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

SYS:Can you please tell me your username and email address?

USR:Username: aphoenix183 | Email Address: aphoenix183@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Order has been updated with Cancel order.

SYS:I've successfully canceled your order.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that is everthing, thank you for all your help today

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

USR:have a great day also

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hi! I am on your site and I keep adding this shirt to my cart but the cart will not update

SYS:OK just a moment

SYS:Can you try refreshing the page and adding the item again?

USR:Sure hold on

USR:That did not work

SYS:ok look in the lower left side does it say the item is out of stock?

USR:No it is in stock

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:ok now try logging out and back in again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok, one sec

USR:That worked

SYS:OK great. Anything else today?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I wanted to check the status of my order coz i see that the delivery time is wrong and I think it needs to be changed

SYS:I can certainly look into that for you. Can I get your name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Okay, I just need a little info. Can I get your account ID and Order ID?

USR:Account ID: S88LQGZEBP

USR:Order ID: 5872243777

SYS:Thanks, did you just want to confirm the delivery time or did you want to change it?

USR:it is wrong

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Got it.

SYS:Let's see what the system says. one moment!

USR:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Can I ask you what the shipping status is?

USR:delivered

SYS:I'm sorry, if it's delivered there is nothing I can do about that. You already have the item!

USR:I see. Thank you

SYS:Sorry about that, have a great day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I assist you today?

USR:Hi there, your website is running slow. Im not able to navigate through.

SYS:Let me check into that.

SYS:Could you try opening another website in your browser?

USR:Yes, I have. I have also tried another browser.

SYS:And how is the speed of the other website?

USR:It is running slow

SYS:Okay, do you think it's possible that your internet connection could be down or experiencing some sort of lag?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just looked at the moatem, and it is running on low speed. This might be the issue.

SYS:I would recommend you give it some time and come back later today to see if you can browse the website.

SYS:Alternatively, if you know what you'd like to order, I can make the purchase for you.

USR:I will try the website again later and try placing my order later.

USR:Thank you for your help!

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I'm having trouble accessing my account.  I lost my phone that has the two-factor check on it

SYS:Let's see if we can reset that for you. Can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thanks. Can I also get your email address? I will be sending the reset code to it

USR:Sure!  It's aphoenix578@email.com

ACT:Details of aphoenix578@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Thank you, I have sent the reset code to your email. I am also going to be sending a link to our security best practices in case you want some tips and tricks

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:that's wonderful, thank you

SYS:Anything else you need?

USR:Thanks for all your help today, that is all I needed

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:Yes  i would like to change something on my shipping order because i ordered the wrong item

SYS:Okay. May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Sure its Crystal Minh and my account id  SWPIJG5HJD

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:THank you.

SYS:What is the shipping status of your order?

USR:Its saying order received

ACT:Shipping status of received has been noted.

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:May I now have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:username is cm345964, email address  cm345964@email.com and order id 4121463678

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:I am able to help you change your oder.

SYS:You added the wrong item correct?

USR:yes, correct

ACT:Order has been updated with Change Order.

SYS:Okay, I have placed this information on your account.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:no that will be all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, can you help me with upgrading my shipping

USR:I want to get my order as soon as possible

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that. Can I please have your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:My name is Joseph Banter

USR:Account ID: Z9YPVZDFVY

USR:Order ID: 6136684420

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And what is the shipping status on your order?

USR:Oh! it looks like it's received.

USR:Maybe my wife got it at home.

SYS:Okay, that means it hasn't shipped yet. It will say delivered once you receive it on your end :)

USR:ahhhhh

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Okay, it will be $20 to upgrade the shipping. Would you like me to charge the card on file?

USR:yes please

ACT:Order has been updated with tomorrow.

SYS:Okay, your order will be shipped out within the next 24 hours! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that's it thank you!!!

USR:I really appreciate it

SYS:You're very welcome! Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I was trying to access my account but I cannot log in because I have forgotten my password. You think you can help me access my account?

SYS:Yes, I can do that. Could I get your name, please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thanks, Joseph. Do you know your username?

USR:josephbanter175

ACT:Details of josephbanter175 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, we can generate a new password for you. We need either your PIN number or secret question answer.

USR:716377

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Your new password is 43q0lomlu0e

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Thank you

USR:Thats all. Thanks for your help

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi there. Whats my order status?

USR:There is a weird fee here

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:LQ6IBYDCD4

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter .

SYS:Are you needing to check on your order status or are you trying figure out where a mystery fee came from?

USR:Well there seems to be a mystery fee attacked to my last order

USR:attached sorry

SYS:That's alright. If you will give me your order ID, I will look into the issue.

USR:4700756105

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Alright, let me check the system to see if there was an error.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It seems there was a system error on our end. I would be happy to remove the fee for you. How much were you overcharged?

USR:79.99

ACT:Order has been updated with 79.99.

USR:Thank you for all your help

SYS:My pleasure. Will that be all?

USR:Yes thats it thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I wanted to check my order status, but I can't remember my password.

SYS:No problem, one moment please

USR:Thank you.

SYS:Can I please have your full name or account ID?

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Great

SYS:What is the username?

USR:My username is aphoenix695

ACT:Details of aphoenix695 have been entered.

SYS:Awesome,

SYS:I cannot find your password, but I can generate a new one.

USR:Ok, thank you.

SYS:Can I please have your account PIN?

USR:My pin is 896343

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Great, your new password is x2kqmy65bw

USR:Thank you so much!!

SYS:No problem! Is there anything else you need help with today?

USR:No, that's it!

SYS:Great! We appreciate your business at acmecorp, have a good day!

USR:Thank you, you too!!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, thanks for contacting Acme, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi there. I was hoping i could add something to my existing order?

SYS:Certainly, I can help you with that

USR:I totally forgot i needed a pair of boots!

SYS:May I ask your full name before we begin, so that I can find your account

USR:yes, it's Joyce Wu.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Okay, Ms. Wu, I can see your account now

SYS:I'll just need a bit more information so that I can verify your identity.  May I ask your account ID and your order ID?

USR:ok my Account ID is OHT3BZJRW2 AND MY ORDER ID IS 1631877565

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay, I can see your account now.

SYS:Do you know if your item has already shipped?

USR:I want to add the 79 dollar tommy hilfiger boots to my order

USR:it says in transit

SYS:Okay, that means that your original order has already left our warehouses, but I may be able to get you special treatment on your additional order for boots, depending on your membership level

USR:looks like i have a silver membership

SYS:Excellent, that means that I can send you the Tommy Hilfiger boots right away without any additional shipping charges

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Boots was made.

SYS:I'll just go right ahead and place that order for you, since I already have your details

USR:Great that's awesome

SYS:Glad I could help

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with today?

USR:nope that's it, thank you!

SYS:Excellent, have a great day, Ms. Wu

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, How can I help you?

USR:I want you check my account. But I lost the phone for two factor authentication. So I can't get into the account.

SYS:Okay i will be happy to help you out! Can I get your name and account Id?

USR:David Williams, pin number 474378

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Great, Can I get your zip code, phone number and email adress? It is okay if you are missing one of those. Just need to verify your identity.

USR:Zip code 87483.

USR:phone number 5300702725

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Now I will need your email so I can email you the reset code!

USR:davidwilliams1974@gmail.com

ACT:Details of davidwilliams1974@gmail.com have been entered.

USR:ok

SYS:Great, That should do it! The problem should be solved now.I will also be sending a link to your email to help you practice better security!

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Do you need anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Okay, Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:I bought an item and did not expect it be to this much higher after seeing it yesterday at a lot cheaper value

USR:Im trying to understand why is there such a price discrepancy

SYS:I understand, let's see how to solve the doubt.

SYS:would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:additional to this would give me your order ID an account ID please

SYS:to verify the purchase.

USR:9449229518

USR:Account ID: H1RVFL2ST7

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:ok thanks a lot for the patience

USR:welcome

SYS:Regarding what happened, I already reviewed and regret to report that it happened due to a change in the algorithm of our website to correct errors in price or update prices.

USR:OKay thank you for that information

SYS:this is something beyond my control forgive the inconvenience.

SYS:a pleasure to help you

USR:Its ok, i understand

USR:thank you again

SYS:not problem !

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:I would like to move my shipping to next week delivery to avoid paying any shipping fee

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! What can I do for you today?

SYS:Okay. Let me see what I can do for you.

SYS:Can I please get your name so that I can pull up your account?

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:Thank you, Norman. While I pull that up, can you please tell me your account ID and order ID so that I can verify your identity?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:Account ID: OUWPL9HLGK | Order ID: 3823300178

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Got it, thanks!

SYS:What is the shipping status of your item?

USR:In Transit

SYS:Okay, and what is your membership level?

USR:Guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Unfortunately, because it is in transit and you have a guest membership, I am unable to change it, because it is too late in the shipping process. I'm very sorry.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with, though?

USR:No that is everything, thank you for help

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. Can I help you with anything today?

USR:Yes, I would like to check the status of my order. The delivery time is incorrect and I have to change it.

SYS:I see. Can I have your name please?

USR:Yes, David Williams

SYS:Thank you David. Do you also have your account ID and order number?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:The account ID is XDL32TB9OS and the order id is 9679602249

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you David. What time is it currently schedule for and when would you like to change it to?

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:It is scheduled for 10 am. 6 pm would be better. It says it has been shipped but I am assuming that doesn't mean it was delivered?

SYS:Let me look into this for you.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Ok let me change this delivery time for you.

SYS:Hold just one moment.

ACT:Account has been updated with David Williams.

ACT:Order has been updated with change time.

SYS:Ok David I have changed the delivery time for the evening.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thank is all. Thank you

USR:That is all I mean

SYS:You are welcome.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello. I run a grocery store and we are so busy right now! I am so focused on my work that I ordered the wrong item by mistake

USR:Can you help me change my order?

SYS:I am so sorry about this! I absolutely can.

USR:Great!

USR:What do I need to do to fix this?

SYS:I am going to need your full name or account ID to start.

USR:Okay

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Great, one moment.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:What I am going to do for you is initiate a refund.

USR:Okay

SYS:Can I please have your username, email address, and order ID so I can validate it?

USR:Sure

USR:rodriguezd699

USR:rodriguezd699@email.com

USR:7413240398

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:I want to remove the calvin klein boots from my order

SYS:No problem.

SYS:Do you want refund by gift card, account value, paper check, or credit card?

USR:Credit card

SYS:Alright, to do this can I please have your account ID.

USR:HAY4WKES8S

SYS:Great, How much were the boots?

USR:$74

ACT:Details of HAY4WKES8S have been entered.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

SYS:Refund initiated, is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:Okay, great

USR:So the boots have been removed from my order?

SYS:Yes!

USR:Thanks so much! I don't need anything else.

SYS:Great, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp and have a good day!

USR:you also

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I assist you?

USR:I was charged for an order but I never bough anything

USR:bought

SYS:Oh no! I can look into that for you. Can I get your name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you, Joyce. Now can you please provide me with your username, email address, and the Order ID?

USR:jw267838

USR:jw267838@email.com

USR:Order ID: 0705079623

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay. Let me look into that for you quickly.

USR:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Alright Joyce. What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Unfortunately my system did say that there was not an error on our end. I apologize but I'm unable to update the order.

USR:Okay, I understand. Thank you for trying to help me

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:No that is everything

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:I recently got charged twice for my subscription

SYS:Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  Let's see if we can clear this up

USR:Thank you

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:Account ID: NJNE78F0KQ

SYS:Thanks, Ms Minh, may I also gather some additional information from you

SYS:ah, you read my mind.  The order ID and your membership level would also be wonderful

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:No problem

USR:Order ID: 4830728637

USR:And I am a guest

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, I'll check with our system to see what the problem is

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Thanks

SYS:Yes, I'm very sorry about that.  I can't explain why, but you were double-billed for a single subscription.  Luckily, I'll be able to refund that for you right away

USR:Perfect, thank you so much

USR:That was all I needed to hear!

SYS:If I could just keep you on the line for one more moment, I'll get that squared away

USR:Sounds good

SYS:May I confirm the amount that you were overcharged?

USR:$79

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $79.

SYS:There we are, that charge has been removed from your account

USR:Thanks so much for your help, have a great day

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day, as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I never received my order

USR:it was from January

USR:can you check why it's late?

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that, let me look into the matter.

SYS:Could I get your name or account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Could I also get your username, email address and order ID please?

USR:sanyaafzal537

USR:sanyaafzal537@email.com

USR:7115855948

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:So how many days have you been waiting for this order?

USR:months, it was ordered january 4th

USR:oh wait my bad

USR:I was looking at the wrong order. it's been about 5 days

SYS:Okay, thank you.

ACT:A reason of 5 has been recorded.

SYS:Sometimes a package can be marked as delivered by mistake but still be on the way. You should get your order in a day or two.

USR:okay, great thank you!

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:no that's it

SYS:Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi can I help you with something today?

USR:Hi. I'm thinking about buying the Tommy Hilifer boots. What are they made of?

SYS:Those are nice boots. Hold on one minute and I can pull that up for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Thanks

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:These particular boots are high-end leather.

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:Ok, thanks.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:No, that was it. Thanks  alot.

SYS:Thanks and have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I signed up for the premium subscription but I don't think I can afford it this month.

USR:Is there a way to get an extension?

SYS:Let me look into that for you. Could I get your name?

USR:Sure it's Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Do you have an order placed at this time?

USR:I don't have an order.

SYS:Okay, what is your membership level with us?

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Thanks for that info.

SYS:How many days late will you be for the membership?

USR:like a week

SYS:I'm sorry, I'm afraid I can't extend your membership.

USR:why not?

SYS:Unfortunately I can only offer the extension if you are only one day late.

USR:Can you have a manager contact me about this?

SYS:Please hold for a moment.

SYS:I'll just need a phone number that we can call you at.

USR:ok it 1970624191

ACT:Details of 1970624191 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, our manager will give you a call in a short while.

USR:thanks, that's all i need for now.

ACT:The manger has been notified.

SYS:Great, so that will be all for today?

USR:yup, thanks

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:My credit card keeps getting rejected on the website

SYS:Oh no, I'm sorry to hear that. Can I please have your name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Thanks Mr. Domingo. Could you please enter the credit card number again and let me know what happens?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay I tried again and same invalid message

SYS:Sorry about that. Can you please log out and back into your account and let me know what happens?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:This worked for me, thank you for helping me today

SYS:Great news! I'm glad I could help. Is there anything else?

USR:That will be everything

SYS:Have a great day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>USR:HI! I am searching your site and all I see is a spinning wheel.  It is not working

SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands.

SYS:I see - does it appear to be an issue with the search function, or is the website just responding slowly?

USR:yes

SYS:Can you confirm which of those two issues seems to be the issue?

SYS:That will determine the path we use when trying to troubleshoot.

USR:The search is taking a long time and all I see is a spinning wheel

SYS:Can you try to log out and log back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:sure hold on

USR:that did not work

SYS:OK, can you try visiting another website to see if it is slow as well?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:sure one moment

USR:that works

USR:thank you

SYS:Great. Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands. How may I help you today?

USR:The website seems to be moving at a slow pace.

USR:I keep getting the blue spinning wheel and the page isn't going anywhere

SYS:I'm sorry your experiencing problems with our online store. Could have your name please?

USR:David Williams

SYS:Is it the whole website, David, or is it the search feature or shopping cart?

USR:The search feature

SYS:Does it tell you that there are no results?

USR:No it just keeps spinning, it hasn't told me anything

SYS:Okay, let's try a few things. Log out of your account and then log back in and see if you can get the website to load correctly.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That didn't seem to help.  Still can't get the page to move forward

SYS:Can you try to visit another website and see if it loads? If they don't load, it may be your internet connection.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Other sites seem to be workng

SYS:Okay. Close all other tabs in your browser and other programs because it may cause the it to load slowly.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:It seems to be working better now

SYS:Great! Is there anything else I can help you with today, David?

USR:Nope that is all.  Thank you

SYS:You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:welcome, how can I help?

USR:I want to check how much is the due on my subscription.

SYS:OK. what is your name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:i need you account and order ID please

USR:2VYYQQI4XD

USR: 4368725438

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:thanks

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:The amount due today is $49

USR:I will pay now using credit card on file.

SYS:sure

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

SYS:Let me send you a link so that you can look this up for yourself in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok

SYS:you will need your username for that. do you know it?

USR:no

SYS:ok, it is rdomingo1

USR:thank you.

SYS:happy to help! is there anything else?

USR:no

SYS:have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to Acme customer support. How may I help you today?

USR:yes i would like to know the state of my $100 refund  because i would like to add an item to my refund

SYS:I'd be happy to help with that. Can I please get your full name?

USR: David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Okay Mr. Williams. I'll need your Username, email address and Order ID so that I can access that order. Do you have that information available?

USR:davidwilliams620, email is davidwilliams620@email.com and order id is 5685893188

SYS:Mr. Williams, what is the reason for the refund?

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:for an existing order i returned

SYS:Got it.

SYS:What item is it that you'd like to return?

USR:michael kors boots

ACT:A reason of michael kors boots has been recorded.

SYS:And what is the price on those boots?

USR:$99

SYS:I'm going to add that amount to your existing $100 refund, is that okay for you?

USR:yes

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $199.

SYS:You are all set on that refund. Is there anything else that I can do for you?

USR:that will do it, thanks

SYS:Thanks for shopping with Acme. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix and I am worried about a return I made that has not been processed.

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:So you initiate a return and want to know the status?

USR:I already returned the item and the charge has not been reversed.

USR:The order ID is 1926278034

SYS:Thank you

SYS:I also need your username and email address.

USR:alessandrop168

USR:alessandrop168@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:The refund is currently in progress

SYS:The payment will be transfer through online

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:okay, thank you

USR:that's everything

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:What can I do for you today?

USR:Hello, I want to check my subscription status, if its still active.

SYS:Sure, I can look that up. Can i Have your name please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Okay can I have your account ID and order ID?

USR:My account ID is S28BB2MA, I don't have a order ID

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your account is still active, to keep the subscription active an amount of $55 is due today though

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Nothing else.

SYS:Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

SYS:hello

USR:hii

USR:the product in not in good quality and also it price rate also high

USR:please send the correct and related product which i found

USR:important thing for product is good and neat quality

SYS:So do you want to make a return or an exchange?

USR:i want to return

SYS:Okay, can I get your purchase date and membership level

USR:silver and feb 23

SYS:do you still have the original packaging?

USR:yes

SYS:Great, you're within the return period so I will process that for you

SYS:I need your order id, user name and email

USR:5139849493

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:crystalm924@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. I will need to get your use id, which is different from your name

USR:crystalm924

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:Thank you, your purchase is validated

SYS:Now I will need your address for the return label

USR:5373 1st Ave  Baltimore, CA 92411

ACT:Details of 5373 1st Ave Baltimore, CA 92411 have been entered.

SYS:Great. How would you like to return the item, in store, by mail or UPS

USR:mail

SYS:Great, the address to ship that to is 448 Fairview Drive, Westminster, CA

USR:okay

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:noo

SYS:Ok, have a nice evening

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi

SYS:Hello

USR:I was hoping to change the shipping to next week delivery for my order

SYS:Sure. Let me help you with that.

USR:I was hoping to avoid paying the shipping fee

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Chloe Zhang

USR:Account ID: 7JLB8GLURX

SYS:Let's see what we can do.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Could I have your order id?

USR:Order ID: 7583597293

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:What is the shipping status of your order?

USR:Now that i see it it says order received

SYS:Ok

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Could you tell me your membership level?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Let's change your shipping date to next week.

ACT:Order has been updated with next week.

SYS:Your order has been updated so that your shipment arrives next week.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Thank you

USR:That is all. Thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:I forgot my password, i want to check on an order

USR:can you send me a new password?

SYS:Yes we can create a new password

SYS:Can you tell me your name and your username?

USR:Joseph banter, and jbanter9

USR:Hello?

SYS:Hi

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Can you tell me your PIN number?

USR:204340

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Ok, here is your new password

SYS:bvshy57aym

USR:okay, thanks

SYS:Of course

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:that's it, thanks

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:okay

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello!

USR:Hi! I need help accessing my account

USR:I completely forgot my password

SYS:sure, I'd be happy to help you!

SYS:may I have your name and account ID please?

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:are you still there?

USR:Yes sorry

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:no problem!

USR:I do not have a account id

SYS:ok, what is your user name Mr Sanders?

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

USR:I so sorry I do not know that either

USR:I'm*

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:ok I can help you with that as well. Can I have your zip code and phone number please?

USR: (956) 302-3863

USR:49588

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:your username is asmith1

USR:thank you

ACT:Details of asmith1 have been entered.

SYS:I cannot get your password for security purposes but I can generate a new password for you

SYS:can I have a PIN number and the answer to your security question?

USR: 620487

SYS:and the answer to your security question?

USR:I do not know

ACT:A password has been generated.

USR:I just have my security pin

SYS:ok, I have a new password for you

SYS:5nxwe63qrru

USR:Thank you so much.  I was able to get into my account

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No thank you. Have a great day

SYS:you too Mr Sanders, thank you

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, what happens if I am late on a subscription payment?

SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting us.  Let me look at that for you

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

SYS:When you late on your subscription a $2 late fee is added per day past the deadline

SYS:If you are a silver or gold member, you get a 5 day grace period

USR:okay. So I will still be able to make a purchase?

SYS:Yes you will

USR:Great!

USR:Thanks

SYS:You're Welcome! Did you have any other questions

USR:That is it for today.

SYS:Great! Enjoy your day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I placed an order recently but I have forgotten my username and can't get back into the site.

SYS:Alright, I can help you recover your username.

SYS:To start, I need your full name or account ID.

USR:My name is Joseph Banter, I do not have my account ID

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:OK, in order to help you I have to verify your identity

SYS:Can I get your zip code, email address and phone number tied to the account

USR:my zip code is 75111

USR:phone number is 007-464-4380

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

USR:Unfortunately, I did not associate an email address with this accout

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:That is fine, you supplied enough information that I was able to verify you

USR:Thanls

SYS:your username is JBanter1

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Thanks!  If I am unable to login if I forgot my password is there a way I can reset it without my email?

SYS:Yes, now that you have your username we could reset it for you

USR:great.  Thanks for your help today!

SYS:Did you want me to do that?

USR:Yes that would probably make it easier for me

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:z2mfrq3ax3 is your new temporary password

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No that should do it, thanks for your assistance today!

SYS:No problem. You have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. Is there anything I can help you with today?

USR:Hi, I'm just wondering, I can't get to the site, is there a problem with it?

SYS:I am not seeing any issues on our end. I can see if I can help you though. We can try a few things.

SYS:What king of error are you getting?

USR:Just that it's loading really slow and it's almost unusable

USR:I'm looking for a Calvin Klein shirt though

SYS:I see. Sorry to hear. Lets try a couple options first.

USR:What options?

SYS:Well lets try logging out then logging back in. Can you try that for me?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay, I'll try that right now

USR:Alright, I got it

USR:I think it's working now

SYS:Try clicking a few links to make sure before we finish.

USR:Yes, it's working now, thanks for the suggestion

SYS:Thats great. Is there anything else I can help you out with?

USR:So I'm looking for a Calvin Klein shirt

SYS:Does it come up on the site?

USR:I just wanted to verify the price

USR:If it's still $89?

SYS:Sure. Let me check on that for you.

USR:thanks!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:I am showing that it is still $89.

USR:Perfect, I think I'll get that

USR:thanks for your help!

SYS:No problem. Reach out if you run into any other issues.

USR:I will, thanks!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:search results are unrelated. what is going on?

USR:search bar not working

SYS:Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  I have a couple of simple tricks that can sometimes get a search bar to start working again

USR:ok

SYS:if none of these work, I can put in a report with the IT team, and maybe even take your order manually

USR:ok. what is the first suggestion?

SYS:The search might work if you simply log out and then log back in

SYS:Sometimes it just needs a quick reset

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok will try this now and will let you know

USR:still not working. what else can we try?

SYS:There may be a browser issue.  Are you able to clear your cookies (or try logging in on a different browser) and then try the search again?

USR:one second while i try this out. will let you know if it works or not

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok it is now working. thank you.

SYS:Ah, I'm glad to hear it

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with while we're here?

USR:that is all

SYS:Excellent.  Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:I do have complaint I would like to make

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that, what went wrong?

USR:I Found that the items here are overpriced compared to others

USR:Why is this ?

SYS:Sometimes our pricing algorithm will change the price of items based on demand

SYS:The price may change later, if it's too expensive now

USR:That's not right

SYS:I might be able to offer you a discount

USR:I think this should be fixed

SYS:Can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:WNV7AH5Y9A

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:A reason of Competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Can I get the order ID for your purchase?

USR:0689566703

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here's a promo code for 50% off: 5SVN3

SYS:I hope that helps with the pricing issue

USR:Thanks for that. But I would appreciate it if this is fixed. prices shouldn't be way overpriced.

SYS:Okay, I can pass that feedback on to our manager team

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That would be all.Thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:hello,I want to get a refund

SYS:Okay, what is the issue with the item?

USR:I just changed my mind

SYS:Okay, can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:I did not like the product

USR:my name is Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:Account ID: NMPH2WGMRB

SYS:Thanks. Can I also get your username, email, and order ID?

USR:Username: normanbouchard399

USR:Email Address: normanbouchard399@email.com

USR:Order ID: 7717314227

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What refund method would you like?

USR:through paypal

ACT:Details of NMPH2WGMRB have been entered.

SYS:How much was the item?

USR:Amount: $94

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $94.

SYS:Thanks, I have processed your refund of $94

USR:thank you

SYS:Anything else you need?

USR:that is all, thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

USR:Hello, I'm having trouble getting into my account.

SYS:Alright, may I have your full name or your account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you, now what exactly was the problem when getting into your account? Did you forget your username or password?

USR:I forgot my username.

SYS:Okay, I will need three of the following to verify your identity: Full name / zip code / phone number / email address

USR: Rodriguez Domingo

USR:31817

USR:(548) 451-2679

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, your username is rdomingo1

SYS:Do you need help with anything else?

USR:Thanks I don't think I would have ever remembered that.

USR:That's it thanks.

SYS:No problem, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:I want to know how long does the membership last.

SYS:Certainly, I'll just check our policy details, this will only take a moment

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:It will last for the remainder of this calendar year, plus the entirety of next year

USR:That's adequate. Thanks for the info.

SYS:You're very welcome

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with while we're here?

USR:No, Have a great day!

SYS:You too

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question4) was selected.

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:YES

USR:I would like to know more about a product because i thinking about buying it.

SYS:Sure, What product do you want to know about?

USR:shirt

USR:large

USR:Calvin_Klein

SYS:Ok and what would you like to know about the shirts?

SYS:In addition to this, you can tell me your name

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:plane shirt

SYS:Okay Miss Sanya, what characteristics do you want to know about the shirt?

SYS:Miss Sanya are you there?

USR:plain

USR:plain only with CK print

SYS:Ok I understand, there are those models in the store, but you want to know something about the manufacture of the shirts or their general specifications

USR:no thanks

USR:thank you for the time

SYS:If you have any questions about how they are washed, their measurements or manufacturing materials, something like that.

USR:no thank you

SYS:Ok, so it was a pleasure solving your doubts

SYS:have a nice day!

USR:have a nice day too

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

USR:I have a request for you

USR:I feel really stupid. I was at a fun concert and I lost my phone at the concert. I use the phone for my two-factor authentication. But now I can't get into my account. I need to get in to it to see about my order. Can you help me log in?

USR:Hello????

SYS:I understand your situation, don't worry, I'm going to help you solve it.

SYS:one moment please

USR:great

SYS:ok could you give me your full name or account id please

USR:okay

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Now Mr. Joseph would give me the number of his lost phone.

USR:(149) 965-0679

ACT:A reason of (149) 965-0679 has been recorded.

SYS:Could you give me your username, email, zipcode or ID of previous orders to verify your identity.

SYS:just with 3 is enought

USR:okay

USR: jb521110

USR:jb521110@email.com

USR:zip is 12596

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:all in order!

SYS:now tell me the new phone number you want to add

USR:okay great

USR:it's (510) 453-3928

ACT:Account has been updated with (510) 453-3928.

SYS:all set

SYS:anything else you need?

USR:so how do I log in?

SYS:sure

USR:I don't understand how to log in

USR:can you tell me how?

SYS:the new phone has already been added to the system

USR:okay, so how do I log in?

SYS:to enter you only need your username and password, the phone is to provide identity verifications

USR:oh okay

USR:let me try to log in right now

USR:oh, good

USR:I was just able to log in

USR:i forgot my password

USR:but i got a temporary one on my new phone

SYS:wanted to know something about a product?

USR:so I got into the account

USR:no, i don't need anything else

SYS:I'm glad

USR:I think that I am okay now

USR:thanks for adding my new phone

SYS:I was a pleasure to help you Mr. Joseph

SYS:have a nice day

USR:thanks

USR:you also

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi there! I wanted to check the status of my account to find out whether it includes free international shipping.

SYS:Sure, I can look into that for you. Can I have yoru name?

USR:Yes. My name is Normal Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:What level membership do you have?

USR:I have bronze membership at hte moment.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Yes you do qualify for international shipping

USR:Ah, okay.

SYS:I can send further FAQ with a link

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:http://www.AcmeBrands.com/faq

USR:Can I just confirm. That means I cannot send items internationally at all, or it just won't be expedited shipping?

SYS:You CAN send items internationally

USR:Oh I do qualify! Sorry, I misread your last message

USR:thank you so much for clarifying

SYS:No problem

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No that is everything

USR:Thanks again

SYS:Okay, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi. I ordered the wrong item and would like to cancel my order please

SYS:Hi and welcome to AcmeCorp.  I'll be happy to help you with this.

SYS:Did you accidentally order two items and want to cancel one?

USR:No, I would like to cancel the whole order please

SYS:Sure, I can help you with this.  Can I get your full name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Next, do you happen to know the shipping status?

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Thanks so much.  Next, I'll need to validate your identity.  Can I get your username, email address and order ID please?

USR:Are you able to help me and cancel this or not

USR:email is rd344881@email.com

USR:ID is 9737490401

USR:username is rd344881

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel order.

SYS:Great you are all verified.

SYS:I have cancelled the ordered for you.

USR:Thank you soooooo Much

USR:I appreciate it

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nope that's it

USR:Thx

SYS:Wonderful, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrand. How may I help you?

USR:Yes i would like to check the status of my refund  and to make sure its going to the right payment methond

SYS:Sure thing I'll be happy to look into that for you.

SYS:Could you provide me with your Full name please?

USR:Sure thing its Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Great I was able to pull up your acocunt. I'll need to also find the details for the refund. Could I have your Username, Email Address and Order ID please?

USR:My username is cminh403, email is cminh403@email.com and order is is  4378210519

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Alright I was able to pull up the refund details.

SYS:Your refund is currently in progress. The payment method is listed as by chat.

USR:okay, great! thank you so much for your help today

SYS:was there anything else I could do for you?

USR:that ill be all

SYS:No problem. Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:Hi. I would like to know if my subscription includes free international shipping

SYS:Ok, I can help with that

SYS:One moment please

USR:ok

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:No, your account does not include free international shipping at this time

SYS:I'm sending you a link with FAQ about your account

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Okay then

SYS:so you can see what is included

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:No, that's all. Thanks.

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi.  My name is ALessandro Phoenix.  The website is really slow today, and I'm wondering what the issue is and if you can help fix it?

SYS:I can definitely look into this for you.

SYS:Is the overall website in general or are you having search issues?

USR:The overall website runs slow.

SYS:First I will notify our internal team.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:I do apologize for this inconvenience but lets get this fixed.

SYS:Can you try to visit another website first to see if there are any issues on the other site?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Other websites seem to be running at normal speed.

SYS:Can you close all tabs on the browser and any other programs that may be running? Sometimes this slows thing down.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok.

SYS:If that does not work can you please log out and back into your account.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I closed all other tabs and programs, and now it seem to be running at normal speed.

SYS:Great, is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That was it.  Thank you.

SYS:Your welcome.

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:The charge on my bill that was supposed to be reversed still hasn't been taken care of yet.

SYS:I'm sorry for this, could I get your full name before we take care of this?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Did you already return an item and still not receive your refund?

USR:yes its been over a week

SYS:Okay, to pull up the purchase I'll need your Username, Email, and Order ID.

USR:alessandrophoenix102 alessandrophoenix102@email.com

USR:0926851265

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, one moment.

SYS:How many days has been exactly since you returned it?

USR:nine

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:Okay, I'll send you your credit right now.

USR:thank you

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:Your refund should show up in your account now. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:that is all thank you

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrand. How can I help you?

USR:Yes, when I try and find something, the results are unrelated. Can you help me?

SYS:That's odd and sounds like it might be an issue with cookies actually. But let's try a few things to see if we can get it working.

SYS:First could you try logging in and out of your account for me?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok, thanks

USR:Ok, I will

USR:done

SYS:Any better?

USR:no, anything else?

SYS:Okay wanted to get the simplest thing out of the way. Lets try clearing your cookies next.

USR:ok

SYS:In your browser window there should be a more details button

USR:ok, found it.

SYS:use that to try resetting the cookies.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:did that help at all?

USR:Yes, that seem to do the trick.

USR:Thanks

SYS:No problem! Did you have any other questions or concerns I could address today?

USR:no, thanks

SYS:Have a great day and thank you for shopping with us!

USR:thank you

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi I'm having trouble with my credit card

SYS:Hello, this is customer service, how may I help you?

USR:Yes, I'm trying to place an order, but it won't accept my credit card?

SYS:Have you tried to log out and log back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Of my account? I'll try that, hold on a sec...

USR:Ok, I logged in and out, and tried to place the order, but my card still won't go through...

SYS:Okay, try to re-enter your credit card information. Let me know if that works.

USR:Ok, I'll try that, but I've used this card before and never had a problem. Hold on...

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:OK, typed everything back in and it still says invalid

SYS:Have you checked the expiration date on your card? Perhaps it is too old?

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

USR:No, it's good until September...

SYS:Okay, I'm afraid we've exhausted the options for your card on your end.  I can place the order for you if you would like.

USR:No thanks, maybe I'll just try on another computer...

SYS:Okay, I'm sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, thank you. have a good day

SYS:Thank you, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Hi there. I was looking at an item on your website that I was thinking of purchasing, but I realized it is way overpriced compared to other similar items on the market.

USR:Why is there such a discrepancy?

SYS:I see. Let me take a look.

SYS:May I have your name please?

SYS:What item are you looking at?

USR:I'm looking at the Michael Kors Jacket

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your name please?

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Can I have your account ID and Order ID?

USR:Sure. The account ID should be CTJSDDOFKP and the order ID is

USR:5532574094

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Sometimes prices just differ depending on if sales are going on and the market.

USR:Well, this is well above what other sites are charging for this item. Is there anything you can do about this such as a price match?

SYS:The only thing I can do is offer a promo code.

USR:Okay and for what amount would that be

SYS:It would be for %20 off

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:Okay that would be good

SYS:You can use this code at checkout.

SYS:NR777

USR:Perfec

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that was quite easy. And I appreciate you honoring me as a subscriber

USR:Thanks a lot

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Yes, please.

USR:My name is Joseph and I placed an order for a jacket.  I am trying to figure out why a subscription was added to my account as I did not request that.

SYS:I see, give me a moment and let's see what we can do about this.

USR:I would like the subscitption deleted and the $40 refunded.  This was definetly your error.

SYS:First of all may I have your full name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:Thank you...

SYS:And how did you receive this news, did you get an email?

USR:My wife told me about it.  It probably was an email

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

SYS:Give me one moment to check in the system

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:thank you, I appreciate your help in getting this taken care of

SYS:So I entered your info and the system says there are no extra charges on your account.  Perhaps your wife misunderstood, but I see nothing here that includes a subscription.

USR:Please check and make sure I was not charged the $40 for a subscription.

SYS:I will reenter one more time just to double check.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What I will do to ensure this will not happen is update your account, one moment.

USR:ok

ACT:Account has been updated with remove service.

USR:Perfect, thank you

SYS:This should ensure you will not get charged.  Apologies for the confusion.

USR:thank you for your help

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nothing, thank you so much!

SYS:Thank you for being a customer and have a great rest of your day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi there my name is Joseph Banter.

SYS:Hi, there.  How can I help you?

USR:I am currently a premium member but I don't have enough money to pay off the fee yet.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:I have lost my job right now. Could I get an extension so I will be able to pay?

SYS:Okay, so you are a Gold member and you want a payment extension?

USR:yes

SYS:May I have your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:WASDOOJH4H

USR:order: 1684284780

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Good news!  Since you are a gold member, you qualify for an extension.

USR:Yes! Thank you that is great

ACT:Account has been updated with extension.

USR:Thank you.

SYS:You are very welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Nope! That's all.

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hey there. Well, I signed up for one of the premium subscriptions but I'm not too sure. What is the status of my current subscription?

USR:Are you there?

SYS:Can I please have your full name and account number?

USR:yup, it's Sanya Afzal and it's NGPQB70YIR

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay, Ms. Afzal, You're subscription is active and $49 is due today.

USR:Ok, so when was my last payment that went through?

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:Ok well nevermind then, I'll just pay the fee.

SYS:Okay, would you like a link to your account?

USR:Sure that will be okay.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:thanks, have a good day

SYS:Here's a link so you can login and manage your account. Do you know your username?

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What can I do for you?

USR:I'm trying to make a purchase but my cart won't update when I add an item

SYS:I'm sorry for the inconvenience!

SYS:Can you first try refreshing the page and giving it one more try, please?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That didn't help

SYS:Okay. Can you try logging out and back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That worked. It's updating now.

SYS:Great! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No, thank you

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello! i am buying like three items and i wanted to see if there was a price i could get on gift wrapping service.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Its for someones birthday and it would save me a ton of time and trouble if i could get you guys to do it.

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question1) was selected.

SYS:We offer gift wrapping services. It $4.99 but may not be available if the item is too large. We also let you add short messages to your gift wraps.

USR:Oh! that is a very fair price, could i have you check if i qualify?

SYS:Sure thing

USR:i got the two jackets on sale, and the jeans. Those jackets are kind of large, but they miiiight qualigy

SYS:All clothing is considered small enough so we should have no trouble wrapping those.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Can i add in the short message YOU ARE AWESOME. And that would be all i believe.

SYS:That would work. Thanks and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hi I would like to return the Michael Kors jacket because it had a stain

SYS:Okay, no problem. May I have your full name?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:May I also have your username, email address, and order ID? This will help me validate your purchase.

USR:Username: josephb6

USR:Email Address: josephb6@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4349075869

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks! What is your membership level?

USR: Guest

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:When did you buy the jacket?

USR: 2019-10-24

SYS:Do you still have the receipt?

USR:No

SYS:I apologize, without the receipt, our guest level members may only return an item within the first 30 days after purchase.

USR:Ok

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No but thank you

SYS:Okay. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Hi, can you tell me what your return policy is?

SYS:Sure! Let me pull up the information

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

USR:I'm getting some gift items for a friend's birthday and need to know what it entails in case they don't like something.

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question1) was selected.

SYS:What is your membership level

USR:silver

SYS:Silver members can do returns for purchases made in the last 6 months

USR:Okay, but are there limits on reasons why?

USR:Like it can only be for fit issues, etc.

SYS:No limits, as long as it is within the 6 months she can return it

USR:Ok, thanks so much! That helps set my mind at ease now. Hopefully it doesn't come to that anyway.

SYS:Hopefully not

SYS:Can I answer any other questions today

USR:That was all I needed to know. Thank you for your help.

SYS:Enjoy the rest of your day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there! Thanks for contacting AcmeBrands, how can I help you?

USR:Hi I have a question about my order.

SYS:Sure, how can I help?

USR:I made my order late last year, just got my notification that it was being shipped last week, but still haven't received it

SYS:Sure thing, can I start by getting your full name or account ID please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:So I can look that up for you, can I get your username, E-mail address, and order ID please?

USR:czhang01

USR:czhang01@email.com

USR:4868118365

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, thank you.

SYS:So you said you placed the order last year, do you happen to know how many days ago that was?

USR:since the order?

USR:since the order like 180 days

SYS:How many days you have been waiting for the order to arrive?

USR:14

SYS:Great, thanks.

ACT:A reason of 14 has been recorded.

SYS:So since it's been more than 7 days, our policy is to ship out a new order.

USR:ok

SYS:Just in case the original one is lost or got misdelivered or something of that nature.

SYS:To do so I'm going to need your address

USR:8875 Kennedy St  La Fayette, NY 56128

ACT:Order has been updated with 8875 Kennedy St La Fayette, NY 56128.

SYS:Awesome, thank you.

SYS:Can you tell me what the item was that you ordered originally?

USR:its the tommy hilfiger jeans

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Jeans was made.

SYS:Ok, thanks so much. I have went ahead and updated the order so you should be receiving it in the next couple days.

USR:great thanks so much

SYS:We apologize for the inconvenience. Is there anything further I can help you with today?

USR:that's it

SYS:Excellent. Thanks for your business. Have a fantastic day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Why is the item cheaper yesterday compared to today?

SYS:that's a good question

SYS:our pricing algorithms have a mind of their own.

SYS:Let me check for you. What is your name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:let me check on your order, what is your account & order ID please?

USR:EMS4OTROAE

USR:3636195296

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:ok that seems fine

SYS:I'm afraid the pricing info appears to be accurate

USR:ok

SYS:I am so sorry

SYS:is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:no

SYS:well hopefully you will still stay as one of our valued customers

SYS:have a good day

USR:ok

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

USR:So I wan to check the status of myaccount

USR:apparently there is a mistake

SYS:Hi, I can help with that.  Do you know what type of mistake there may be?

USR:My subscription was added but I dont really want it

USR:I would like a refund for the $40

SYS:Does it look like you were billed twice?

USR:No just that the subscription was added to my account

USR:and got charged $40

SYS:Can I have your full name and account ID please?

USR:yes of course

USR:so my name is David Williams

USR:and I dont really know the account ID

USR:sorry

SYS:No problem, just a moment please.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:How were you alerted to the subscription being added to your account?

USR:I got my billing statement and noticed this then

SYS:OK, Can I have your username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:I dont have my user or email address

USR:I can give you my billing address though

USR:Address: 1031 2nd Ave  Monterey, TX 43800

USR:I dont know if thats helpful

USR:are you there?

SYS:Yes, I am still checking my system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:ok

SYS:Do you have your membership level?

USR:yes its Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:Due to your gold member status we will go ahead and process the credit for $40.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thanks a lot

USR:no that would be all

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

USR:Glad we could figure this out

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you today?

USR:Hi, so I wanted to check on the satus of my account.  My husband thought maybe we had some missing credits on our account

SYS:Sure. Give me one second and I'll look into that for you.

USR:thanks

SYS:What credits specifically are you missing?

USR:We bought a shirt last week that had a one time reward of extra credits

SYS:Ok. to start, can I have your full name or account ID please

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:5273 1st Ave  Jacksonville, CA 71026

USR:sorry it wasn't a shirt he bought, it was a pair of michael kors boots

SYS:I'm so sorry you haven't gotten the credit yet.

SYS:Looks like there was an error. Do you remember how much the credit was supposed to be?

USR:i think he said 15?

SYS:Here is your promo code for 15 IV8EX

USR:ok, thanks

SYS:You are very welcome. Again, I do apologize for that.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nope, that should do it.  Thanks for all your help

SYS:Of course! I hope you have a great day!

USR:you too!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:A reason of extra credits from boots not received has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:A promo code has been created.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi. How can I assist you today?

USR:Whenever I try to search for anything it just gets stuck and I just see the spinning wheel.

SYS:That has happened often today.

SYS:Bear with me, I have a few ideas to help you fix it!

USR:Ok

SYS:First, please try logging out and then back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok, just a sec

USR:I did it, but it didn't help.

SYS:Next, can you please try clearing your cookies?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay I'll try

USR:That seemed to do it thanks a lot

SYS:Great!

SYS:I am glad it worked.

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:No that's all I needed thank you

SYS:Have a wonderful night.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Yes. I purchased a Michael Kors shirt from you, but it arrived with a stain. I'd like to return the item and get a refund, an exchange or a credit for future purchase.

USR:I intended to wear this shirt on an outing I hand planned, but I couldn't do so due to the damage.

USR:Sorry, misspelling (had planned).

SYS:I'm so sorry to hear that! Just let me gather some info and we can get this straightened out.

SYS:What is your Order ID, username, and email?

SYS:This chat will be automatically disconnected after a few minutes.

USR:Order ID: 4837181728

USR:Username: jw577523

USR:Email Address: jw577523@email.com

SYS:Would you like to provide your credit card number to have it refunded there or would you prefer store credit?

SYS:We could also do a paper check.

USR:Credit card.

SYS:Ok, what's the number?

USR:111111111111

SYS:Well, that wasn't what I meant to do. Haha

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

SYS:This chat will be automatically disconnected after a few minutes.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A reason of direct refund to credit card has been recorded.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $111111111111.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands! How can I help you today?

USR:I'm having trouble moving this to my cart. They don't show up when I checkout.

SYS:I'm sorry your having an issue with our website, but I'd be happy to help you. Could I have your name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Sanya, have you tried logging out of your account and then back in to see if it would update your shopping cart?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I can try that

USR:I don't see anything there.

SYS:Okay. Can you got to the product page and check that the product isn't out of stock and that's why it can't be updated?

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:It says it's in stock

SYS:Alright. Go back to your shopping cart page and click the refresh button at the top of your browser now and see if it updates.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That worked!!

USR:Thanks so much

SYS:Great! You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?

USR:That's it for now. thank u

SYS:You're welcome. I hope you enjoy your day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:I am trying to access my account to see my shopping history, but I lost the phone I use for two-factor authentication.

SYS:Oh no!  I can help you with that.  May I have your full name and Account ID, please?

USR:Thank you! My name is David Williams, and my account ID is 834771847.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Okay, I have your account pulled up and now I need your email address, please.

USR:My email address is dw750234@email.com

ACT:Details of dw750234@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Great.  I am going to reset the account and send it to your email address.

USR:Thank you!!

SYS:You are welcome.  I am going to send you a link about security practices, just for your information.

USR:Great, thank you!

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:May I help you with anything else today?

USR:No, that was all. Thank you.

SYS:You are very welcome.  Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how may i assist you today?

USR:I've had  a premium subscription that I want to continue.   How do I pay the fee so my benefits do not get dropped?

SYS:if i am understanding, you wish to make a payment on your subscription today?

USR:Yes.  Iwant to keep premium service.

SYS:i can help with that today

SYS:first i need your full name and account id

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix.   Hold one minute while I get my Account ID.

SYS:i will also need your order id while you are at it please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Allesandro Phoenix.

USR:Is it correct the Account ID is the top right and the order ID is on the left?

SYS:they should be labeled

SYS:but if you can't tell, just provide both numbers

SYS:the account id will be mostly letters if that helps

USR:Go it.    Had to get my magnifying glass due to the small print.  Account ID is RNXG4Y1MV2.    Order ID is 4856820616.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:i think i may have your name spelled incorrectly, may i have it again?

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:I'm having issues verifying the name, one moment please

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:there we go, my aplogies

SYS:do you know the amount due you would like to pay? if not i can get it for you

USR:I need you to give me the amount.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:it looks like your subscription is currently active, with a due amount of $0 with today as the due date

ACT:Details of 0 have been entered.

SYS:so it seems this is already paid for

USR:Oh.    When was it paid?

SYS:I do not no, but there is no balance due for todays due date

USR:Will I be billed when it is due?

SYS:yes, you will be billed $0

USR:Are your sure $0 is correct?   I do not want to lose premium service?

SYS:that is what the system is telling me yes, i can double check it for you

USR:Please do.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

ACT:Details of 55 have been entered.

SYS:ah, i see,

SYS:the issue with the name error I was getting caused bad info on my side

SYS:there is $55 due tomorrow, and your subscription is also on hold until the amount is paid

SYS:would you like to pay the $55 now with the credit card on file?

USR:Yes I would.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:I have renewed your subscription and paid the due amount in full, you now have full membership priveldges

SYS:is there anything else I can help with today

USR:will a receipt be emailed to me?

SYS:no, however you can get the reciept on your account page, i am sending a link now

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Thank you!

SYS:will that be all for today?

USR:That is all for today.

SYS:have a good one

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I want to buy this shirt it is overpriced compared to your competition

SYS:Let me see how I can help you.

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:3DOTUJUPA

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Could I have your order id?

USR:0870594860

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:Our prices are determined by our algorithm and we won't be able to change it.

SYS:I am sorry but it is out of my hands.

USR:oh no! I did not want to buy it from the others but I think I will have too

USR:Thank you so much

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and thank you for contacting us today! How can I help you?

USR:i would like more information on a product. such as would it shrink after washing?

SYS:Sure I can help you with that. Can I get your name please?

USR:David Williams

SYS:Thank you, David. Which product is it that you are curious about?

USR:a pair of jeans that i am thinking about buying. they are tommy hilfiger jeans

SYS:Sure. Let me pull that information up for you.

USR:ok

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other1) was selected.

SYS:Alright, David. If you follow the proper care instructions these jeans should not shrink or get misshapen. Remember to fold them inside out to preserve the color. Also...

SYS:Remember to use the cold wash option on your washing machine. It is preferred that they are hung dry, but they can be put in the dryer under normal conditions.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:ok. thank you. that is all

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What's your name, and how may I help you?

USR:When does the fall collection release?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:My name is Chloe Zang

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:Zhang*

SYS:October 3rd, Chloe.

SYS:Does this answer your question?

USR:Thank you. Yes it does

SYS:Anything else to help you with?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi. My name is Anne. What did you need help with?

USR:I'm having trouble making a payment with my credit card.

SYS:Let me check that for you. Can I get your name?

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:Thank you Mr. Banter.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Are you trying to place an order, or pay your bill?

USR:I need to place an order.

SYS:Are you getting an invalid credit card message?

USR:Yes it is saying my card is invalid.

SYS:Have you attempted to put it through more then once?

USR:yes, many times

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Try logging out, then back in again. That might reset the system.

USR:ok, can you wait?

SYS:Sure. take your time.

USR:Okay. It's still giving me a rejection.

ACT:Details of Troubleshoot. have been entered.

SYS:I can make the purchase for you, but before we go that route can you double check the expiration date on your card?

USR:sure.

USR:Okay, well it looks like I'm using an expired card! Sorry to waste your time!

SYS:That quite alright. Just update your card info and you will be good to go.

SYS:Did you need anything else?

USR:No that's all. Thanks!

SYS:You're welcome. Good night.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Hi. How much is overnight shipping?

USR:I'm moving tomorrow and need these boots asap

SYS:One moment please while I pull this up.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:It is weight based. $39.99 for items under 5 pounds, $54.99 for up to 10 pounds. and $69.99 for all other.

SYS:Does that help?

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question3) was selected.

USR:Yes

USR:That's expensive :(

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that's all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, i currently have a guest member level and wondered how I can get the premium membership?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Well our membership can't be bought, you have to qualify by making purchases throughout the year.

SYS:$500 or more is Bronze

SYS:$1000 or more is Silver

SYS:And $2000 or more is Gold

USR:Oh, okay.  Need to get shopping then, lol.

SYS:Haha, yeah. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that is all I needed, thanks.

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:I am checking on the status of my refund.

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that.  I'll just need to gather a few pieces of information so that I can access your account

SYS:May I ask your full name, and then your username, email, and the order iD?

USR:ok

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:Email Address: sanyaa81@email.com  Username: sanyaa81

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Order ID: 7535810866

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay, I can see that we have a refund in progress on your account, and that this was initiated online

USR:Okay.

USR:So there is nothing additional that I need to do?

SYS:Not at this time.  The refund should be sent to your preferred payment method either today or tomorrow

USR:Great! Thanks!

SYS:You're welcome.  May I help with anything else today?

USR:That is all!

SYS:Have a great day

USR:you roo

<|endoftext|>USR:hellllllllp

SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you

USR:this item came with a huge stain on it

SYS:Oh no I'm so sorry!

SYS:Let's see if I can get a return set up for you.

USR:thank you

SYS:Could you tell me your full name so I can pull up your account?

USR:crystal minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for crystal minh.

SYS:Thank you Crystal.  I'll also need to validate the purchase. could you provide me with your Username, Email and Order ID please?

USR:cm726801

USR:cm726801@email.com

USR:7241925957

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, everything looks good.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:except this jacket lol

USR:silver

SYS:Haha

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:Alright and what was the purchase date?

USR:3-5-20

SYS:Awesome, let's get this return setup for you. One second While I note the purchase date.

ACT:A reason of 03/05/2020 has been recorded.

SYS:I'll be sending you a shipping label so could you provide me with your full address please?

USR:74801st ave, san lima, ca 50052

ACT:Details of 74801st ave, San Lima, CA 50052 have been entered.

SYS:Alright, and how would you like ot make the return. In store, By mail, or at a drop off center?

USR:mail please

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Okay, everything is set and the shipping label is on it's way. Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:no thanks, thank you for your help

SYS:Not a problem. Thank you for shipping with us. Have a great day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>USR:I never received the product.

USR:I am waiting for 9 days.

SYS:Hello, sorry to hear that.

SYS:Could I get your name, please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you, Joseph. I also need your Username, Email, and Order ID to look up the order.

USR:jbanter8,jbanter8@email.com,1884471384

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, let me see here.

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:Sorry for this, we need to ship you a new order. I can do this right away if you provide me with the address.

USR:1733 Kennedy St Baltimore, NY 46565

USR:The order is Tommy Hilfiger Jacket

ACT:Details of 1733 Kennedy St Baltimore, NY 46565 have been entered.

SYS:Thank you, one moment.

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Jacket was made.

SYS:Alright, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:My husband just told me that a premium subscription was added to our account that we didn't want

SYS:Let me check on that for you

SYS:Can you provide your full name or account ID please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:And you heard about this from your spouse, correct?

USR:yes

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Hello, I have checked the system and it looks like you have not had a service added. I think your husband may have misheard. You have nothing to worry about and have NOT been charged!

USR:Well thank you. I'm happy about that.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Not today, thanks.

SYS:Have a great day :)

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for being an AcmeBrands customer! How may I help you?

USR:Hello, I want to check how much my subscription is due and I want to pay that.

SYS:Sure! May I have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you. May I also have your account ID and order ID?

USR:Account ID: W8GBJZ7GNJ,Order ID is 5027311164

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your bill is due in three days and it is $20.

USR:I would like to pay that amount using the credit card on my file.

ACT:Details of $20 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Okay, your payment has been made and you are set!

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:Thank you. That's all I needed.

SYS:You're welcome! Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello how can I help you today?

USR:I want to manage my shipping details because my situation has changed

USR:I have a new address

SYS:I see I would be glad to help.

SYS:Can I start by asking for your full name or account ID?

USR:David Williams

USR:Account ID: Z225ZNWMKY

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Alright I have pulled up the account

SYS:Can I ask for the current address on file?

USR:I don't have the current address

SYS:I just need the current street address that you would have on your account, the one you are moving from.

SYS:Were you able to locate that perhaps on a bill or other document?

USR:No.

USR:It should be on my profile

SYS:alright I looked it up and it was 7221 florshim drive.

USR:Tag

ACT:A reason of 7221 florshim drive has been recorded.

SYS:can you provide any three of the following: zip code telephone number, pin number, username, password, email address, order ID

USR:Yes

SYS:in order to verify identity

USR:Phone Number: (139) 131-6434

USR:Email Address: dwilliams224@email.com

USR:Order ID: 1378552849

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Alright and lastly what is the new address you want to put on file?

USR:2048 Circle Drive  Newark, MI 73774

ACT:Account has been updated with 2048 Circle Drive.

SYS:The address on file has been updated now, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That will be all

USR:Thanks

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:welcome to AcmeBrands, how can I help you?

USR:Hi! I was charged for an order I never purchased

SYS:oh no! what is your nameplease?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:sorry Mr Sanders. how did you find out? Do you have an order ID?

USR:0138422200

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:It was on my billing statement

SYS:was this added on to an order?

USR:no

SYS:i see. I am so sorry. Let ms see what our system has on this,

SYS:do you have your account id?

USR:No just my order id

SYS:do you have your username?

USR:albertsanders624

SYS:and your email address please?

USR:albertsanders624@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:hmm, are you one of our members?

USR:Gold

SYS:OK, in that case, the Gold member is always right & I can refund you the amount

USR:thank you

SYS:do you have the amount?

USR:64

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit $64.

SYS:your account has been refunded. is there anything else today?

USR:No thank yoyu

SYS:thanks for being our customer & have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you today?

USR:I'd like to check on a refund.

SYS:Ok I can help you with that

SYS:What do you want to check about the refund?

USR:The status of it. I really need the cash back brosky

SYS:No problem. Have you already asked for a refund and you just want to check when it will be coming?

USR:Yes

SYS:Can I get your full name or Account ID?

USR:Sure

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:Ok, what is the refund status

SYS:Can I get your username, email and Order ID please?

USR:davidw07, davidw07@email.com, 3030896243

USR:There ya go bro!

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:One moment please

USR:Ok, thanks

USR:Do you have the status?

SYS:It shows that your refund is in progress

USR:What does that mean?

SYS:and that you initiated it by phone.

SYS:It means the refund has been processed and approved so you should be receiving it soon.

USR:Ok, thanks

USR:Appreciate the help

SYS:Your welcome, you should be getting the cash you need soon

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nope, that is it!

SYS:Have a great day!

SYS:Goodbye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, what can I do for you?

USR:Hi, I forgot my username and can't access my account

SYS:Okay, I can help you recover that,.

SYS:Can I have your name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Okay, I just need to verify your identity. Can I have your zip code, phone number and email address

USR:crystalminh667@email.com

USR:Phone Number: (851) 109-9202

USR:51569

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, your username is cminh1

USR:Great, thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That's all for today

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme support. How can I help you today?

USR:i'm hoping to upgrade an order i recently made to overnight shipping, if possible

SYS:I can surely help you with that. May I get your full name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Sanya, Can I also get your Account ID and the Order ID.

USR:Account ID: VOMJ9C91VT

USR:Order ID: 8807745605

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, what's the shipping status that you have?

USR:Shipping Status: In Transit

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

SYS:Because the item has already been shipped, I can't change the shipping speed. But, it should arrive by tomorrow anyways.

USR:oh, alright.  thanks for the info

SYS:No problem, is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:that was it

USR:ty

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:Hi! I needed some information on the product I wanted to purchase

USR:It seems that the products is out of stock.

SYS:Okay i can help with that, is it one item in particular or a number of items?

USR:it is just one item that I was looking at

SYS:Okay great, could i get the brand and product name please

USR:sure. Its a pair of Jeans and the brand is Calvin Klein

SYS:Okay great, could i also have your name or account ID

USR:I can provide you the Order Id if that will help you look it up

USR:David Williams

SYS:Thank you.

USR:Sure

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Could i get the order ID also

USR:1120746697

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:A reason of  has been recorded.

ACT:The Out of Stock has been notified.

SYS:Okay i have notified our internal team, would you like a promo code for when it is back in stock?

USR:I would like to get it delivered please and I was hoping you could help me with it.

USR:When are you expecting it back in stock?

SYS:I would have to check with the purchasing department on that but once it is the order should go through.

USR:okay. So it will be delivered as soon as it is in stock?

SYS:Yes once it is available it will ship automatically

USR:Thank you.

SYS:Your welcome, is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:Thats all. Thanks for your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi. Can you tell me about the michael kors jeans you guys have for sale.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:In particular how often do these need to be washed

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how2) was selected.

SYS:If you wear them about two or three times a week, you should wash them once a week.

SYS:If you do heavy-duty activity in them, you should wash them right away.

USR:okay. is the material okay to hold up in the washing machine

SYS:Yes, the material will hold. However, we recommend not washing too often, otherwise the color will start to wash out.

USR:thats great information to have.

SYS:Is there anything else you would like to know?

USR:I think that answers all I need to know about the product

SYS:Okay, great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:Hi, my name's Joyce Wu.  I'm a silver member, but I seem to have forgotten my password, can you help me with that?

SYS:Yes, I can help you reset your password.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Can I have your username please, Joyce?

USR:oo, sorry, I seem to have lost that, as well

USR:I do have an answer written down to a security question, will that help?

SYS:Not yet - first to recover your username I am going to need 2 of these 3 pieces of information: zip code, phone number, or email address.

USR:58601 is the zip

USR:(641) 199-2535

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:OK, Your username is jwu1

ACT:Details of jwu1 have been entered.

SYS:Now, to reset your password I will need that answer to the security question you mentioned earlier.

USR:okay, the answer was Alexander

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Alright I have generated a new password for you: bnjw6g9rx2s

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:No that's great.  Thanks for your help

SYS:You are very welcome.  Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and how can I help you today?

USR:I accidentally forgot to add something to an order I already made. I was wondering if I could get it added still.

USR:I'm doing some last minute shopping.

SYS:Okay give me a moment and I'll see if I can help you with this

SYS:Is this more of something you already ordered or a new product entirely?

USR:It's something new I want to bundle with the order I placed.

SYS:Okay can I have your full name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:And your account and order ID?

USR:L9WKRGWWWZ

USR:5578011814

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay do you know the shipping status of your order?

USR:Delivered I think

SYS:Well then can I ask your membership level?

USR:Silver

ACT:Shipping status of Delivered has been noted.

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Since it's already been delivered, we can't bundle it with your other order. But because you're a Silver member we'll ship the new item to you ASAP at no cost!

SYS:What is it you want to order?

USR:Oh I didn't know you could do that.

USR:It is a Calvin_Klein Jacket

ACT:A purchase of Calvin Klein Jacket was made.

SYS:And it's in the system and will be out to you as soon as possible.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No that's it thanks I've been rushing to get this done for a while.

USR:I really appreciate it.

SYS:No worries. Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello?

SYS:hi

SYS:what can I help you?

SYS:how*

USR:Hi.  My name is Joseph Banter.

USR:I have a question about this Calvin Klein jacket for $64.

USR:How often do I need to wash this item?

SYS:sure, I'll tell you the answers in a moment. Mr. Joseph

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how3) was selected.

SYS:Ok it will depend on two scenario Mr. Joseph

SYS:If you use it regularly I recommend that you wash it twice in the season.

USR:ok

SYS:if you use it too little, wash it once per season.

USR:Ok

SYS:any other questions Mr. joseph?

USR:No that's it for today.  Thank you.

SYS:a pleasure to help you.

SYS:have a nice day!

USR:YOu too

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:How long is the leg length of the jeans by Calvin Klein?

SYS:Let me find out for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:The length of a pair of jeans is 36 inches inseam and 42 inches outseam.

USR:thanks for the info

SYS:However since it tends to be too long for most people, jeans can be tailored to fit you exactly.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:perfect.

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi and welcome to Acme customer support. How may I help you today?

USR:When is my current subscription #Up

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:LHB37LLYX8

SYS:I can look into that. Just one moment Mr. Bouchard.

USR:6846294637

SYS:Just a moment while I bring up your status.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:I see that your account is currently overdue and you owe $20 immediately to reactivate your subscription.

USR:Oh no Im so sorry can you please pay with the card on file

SYS:No problem, I'll schedule that payment immediately. You can always access this information yourself via this link.

ACT:Details of 20 have been entered.

USR:Thanks

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Your account is now active.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can do for you today?

USR:Great

USR:No thanks

SYS:Thanks for shopping with Acme. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Yes i was trying to get some more information on one of your items, i was thinking about buying

SYS:Okay, what would you like to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:i'm looking at the Calvin Klein jeans

USR:i would like to know does this shrink after washing

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:With proper care, they will not shrink. Remember to use cold-wash on your washing machine and hang dry if you can. A normal dryer can work though.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other1) was selected.

USR:ok, thank you for your help

SYS:No problem, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I would like a refund on my Michael Kors jacket that I bought for $69.

SYS:Okay, is there any reason you need to return it?

USR:I just don't like the item and found something else I am considering

SYS:Okay, sure. Can I have your name please?

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you Chloe, may I have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:My username is czhang21

USR:My email is czhang21@email.com

USR:My order id is 0260421628

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. How would you like your refund method?

USR:I would like to have it returned to my credit card

ACT:A reason of credit card has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your account ID please?

USR:My account id is HIKLLOULR9

ACT:Details of HIKLLOULR9 have been entered.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $69.

SYS:I've started the refund process for the item. You can drop it off at a return center later, at your convenience. Is there anything else you need?

USR:Okay, I will drop it off at a return center

USR:Thank you for the prompt service!

USR:I have nothing else

SYS:You're welcome, enjoy the rest of your day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello, I am Joseph Banter

SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you?

USR:I was looking at a guess jacket which is $69

USR:I found it for $29 on another website

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Joseph, can you give me your account ID and order ID please?

USR:Account ID: 5KL2REN2RA

USR:Order ID: 9919033911

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Unfortunately, our prices change from day to day based on our complex pricing algorithms.  We are not able to guarantee any of our products at a specific price.

SYS:And we are not price matching our competitors as of this time.

USR:Ok that is ok

USR:I can just buy on the other site

USR:Can you offer me a discount here

SYS:Yes, I can offer you a promo code.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is a promo code you can use on your order. HP7CW

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:perfect thanks

USR:that is all!

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hoiw may i be of service

USR:Hi there, I was thinking of buying a few things today, but I noticed that my subscription was cancelled, can you tell me why?

SYS:so you are inquiring on your subscription status today i can help with that

SYS:i need your full name please

USR:Sure, my name is Alessandro Pheonix.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:i also need your accound and order id

USR:My account ID is UIQW28745RS8 and I don't have an order ID yet because I'm just trying to buy a few things today but haven't purchased yet.

SYS:i need the order id of your subscription

SYS:to be able to check its status

USR:Ohhh.  Okay.  That is 491RQIPO09

SYS:an order id is numbers only

USR:Hmmmm, let me see here.  I must've given you the wrong ID off of my sticky note.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:seems that worked

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

USR:Oh okay thank you. :)

SYS:looks like there is an amount of $49 due three days from now

SYS:with the account being suspeneded until pay

USR:Okay so I can go into my account, pay it and it will work again?

USR:Thank you, that's all I needed to know. :)

SYS:yes at this link

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:thank you have a nice day, glad i solved all your issues

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Yes i would like to check the status on my order. I just noticed that my delivery time is wrong and needs to be changed

SYS:OK. Let me help.

USR:ok

SYS:What was wrong about the delivery time?

USR:It was the time i asked for it to be delivered. I told them the time when i knew i would be at home

SYS:OK. What was the original time, and what time does it need to be changed to

USR:its saying in the afternoon between 2pm-8pm and i need it in the morning time

SYS:OK. I can certainly help with that. What is your full name and account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo and my Account ID: TQ4P5YCVW6

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thanks. I have pulled up the account. I now need the order ID

USR:1955393869

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks. Identity verified.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:Its saying out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out for Delivery has been noted.

SYS:I'm sorry. The item is already on its way and nothing can be done to change the time. Anything else I can help with?

USR:no that will be all

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello, I need to remove the second item in my order because my husband decided he did not like it

SYS:sure, one moment please

SYS:ok, sorry for the delay, would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Crystal Minh, F0GUOE8ACJ

SYS:Thank you, in addition to this you would give me your username, email and order ID to verify the purchase.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Miss Crystal are you there?

USR:YES

USR:yes sorry

USR:9332015970

USR:order id

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:thanks now, how is your order currently?

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Miss Crystal, What level of membership do you have?

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:Ok, we will make an immediate return for the item, what you will do when the item arrives is call the technical service again to resend the item again.

USR:Ok thank you so much

SYS:How much did the item cost you?

USR:$74

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

SYS:all set miss Crysal!

USR:thank you

SYS:not problem

SYS:have a nice day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi, I'm trying to buy something but my cart isn't updating with the item.

SYS:I see.  Let's see if we can figure out what is going on.  One moment.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:So you are trying to add an item and it just will not show correct?

USR:it won't add the item to my cart

SYS:Let's try a couple of troubleshooting solutions and see what happens.

USR:thanks

SYS:First, lets try just refreshing the page.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:O.k. that didn't seem to help

SYS:Ok, let me look at other solutions.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Let's try logging out of your account and then logging back in and retrying, sometimes it can be a cookie issue.

USR:Aha, that was it.  It just added to the cart.

SYS:Oh fantastic!

SYS:So you were able to add what you wanted correct?

USR:Yes I did.  Thanks that's all I needed.  Have a nice day.

SYS:You too!  Thanks for being our customer!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hi how cna i help you today

USR:I have an issue with this Guess shirt on your site

SYS:what's wrong?

USR:I am considering buying it, but I saw it for way cheaper on another shopping site

USR:What's going on????

USR:This is so frustrating

SYS:Sure what is your name

USR:Your site is charging $49 and I saw it on the other site for 30

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

USR:Is there anything you can do?

SYS:What is your accound id and order id

USR:I don't want to pay more

USR:ZTKZBRVJK1

USR:8585175282

SYS:unfortunately, our algorithms control pricing  and often dynamically change pricing.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:I can give you a 20% promo will that helo?

USR:I think it would

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:That helps bring down the cost of the shirt

SYS:Promo code : UBXQX

USR:I might be able to consider buying it from you guys that way

SYS:do you need anything else?

USR:Thank you for the promo

USR:No, that was it

USR:I'll go buy the shirt now

SYS:have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I want to remove the second item from my order.

SYS:Okay so the other items are fine, just want to remove the second one?

USR:Yes, exactly.

SYS:Can I start with your full name or account id then?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Alright the account has been pulled up, can you also provide the account id and order id to verify identity?

USR:BB89UTYYLN

USR:5068887216

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:That has been verified now, can you tell me whether the item has been shipped?

USR:That's funny, it says shipping status is Delivered

SYS:Alright now that I know that, can I have your membership status?

SYS:or level

USR:I'm a bronze member

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:Since the item is already there I will have to process a return.

USR:Oh okay then

SYS:I can offer the refund immediately though in this case due to member status, can you give me the cost?

USR:Yes, it was $69

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $69.

USR:Great, thank you

SYS:The refund has been issued, can I just have the shipping address to get the shipping label for return to you?

USR:4126 1st Ave  Raleigh, CA 24408

ACT:Details of 4126 1st Ave Raleigh, CA 24408 have been entered.

SYS:Sorry about the wait that has been created for you. You can print that off to return the item

USR:No problem at all, I really appreciate you helping me

SYS:That can either be sent back by mail, in store or through the drop off center

USR:Okay, I will send it back through the mail

ACT:Account has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Alright everything is squared away with that was there anything else I could help with?

USR:That was it, thank you for the help!

SYS:have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Joyce Wu.  My Order ID is 1495528470.  I recently purchased guess jeans for $89 but I was charged twice.  Can you fix this?

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that you had a duplicate charge, Joyce. Let me pull up your account and see if I can get this correct for you.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Have you already received the order?

USR:No I have not received it.

SYS:Okay. Do you have your account ID?

USR:Yes.  My account ID is NDHZT38904.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you. Give me a moment to look at your order details.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I apologize for the error. Your order is shipping only one pair of jeans. I'd be happy to make the adjust of $89 to your account.

USR:Great thank you.

ACT:A reason of 89 has been recorded.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $89.

SYS:I've refunded your account for the duplicate charge. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That's it for today.

SYS:Alright. I hope you have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and welcome to AcmeCorp, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I have been trying to make a purchase but for some reason the cart is not updating when I try and add an item

SYS:Sorry to hear that, let me help you with this.  First, can I have you log out / log in and try updating the cart again.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Thank you

USR:Logging out and in did not help. Sorry

SYS:Okay, let's try something else.  Can you check if the item is out of stock?  You can see it in the bottom left corner of the product page.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:It is in stock. I checked a few times

SYS:Next, can you try refreshing the page and adding the item to your cart again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Sure. Lets try that

USR:This seems to be working. Thank you

SYS:You're so welcome, glad we were able to get this resolved.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is all. Thank you

SYS:Great, hope you have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hi there. I heard online that i may have missing credits with your store.

USR:specifically 40 dollars and i want to check

SYS:Okay, I can help you check on that

SYS:May I ask your full name to begin with?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:and do you know where these credits may have originated from?  Perhaps a subscription refund, or a promotional package?

USR:No, I just heard I may have some and i thought i'd check.

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ah, yes, I see in our system that there is indeed a $40 credit that should have been visible on your side

USR:Where can I find it?

SYS:Since this was a problem on our end, I will go ahead and re-issue that to you right now

USR:oh great thank you!

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:You can now enter the code OQP5U to your account at any time, and $40 in credit will be available to you

USR:thank you so much, i'm going to order now!

SYS:Good to hear.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nope that's it, thanks!

SYS:You're welcome.  Have a great day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

USR:Hi Im having trouble with the promo code

SYS:Can you talk more about this?

USR:It says invalid

SYS:What is the problem?

USR:I was supposed get 20%

SYS:Let's fix this issue

SYS:Give me your Fullname or account id

SYS:Are you there?

USR:Yes

USR:srry I had a phone call

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:When were you offered this promo code?

USR:two weeks ago

SYS:okay

SYS:I will check my system about this problem

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Ok

SYS:You did not make an error. The error is from our system

SYS:What membership level are you?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:You qualify for a new promo code

USR:great

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:can u apply to last order

SYS:I have generated a new code for you

SYS:Here is the code: 3S1RX

SYS:You can make use of it on your next order

USR:ok

USR:ty

USR:good ye

USR:bye

SYS:Good bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi! I have this premium subscription shopping service and want to keep it

USR:I was hoping you could give me an extension to pay the fee

SYS:I can certainly help you with your premium subscription.

SYS:Can you please provide me with your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:Account ID: EDLPUYLSPW

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:Order ID: 0340398121

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:Can you please tell me your current membership level?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:How many days of extension would you like?

USR:10 days please

USR:at most

ACT:Account has been updated with extend subscription.

SYS:Your premium subscription has been extended by 10 days.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thats it. You have been very helpful

USR:Appreciate it

SYS:You are welcome.

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hey I got charged for an order that I never purchased.

SYS:OK lets look into it

SYS:can I get your full name

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Can I get your user name, email and order id

USR:Username: crystalminh516

USR:Email Address: crystalminh516@email.com

USR:Order ID: 8827660476

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Yes  I see this is an error on our end, one moment and I will fix it

USR:O.k. great, so I won't be billed for that?

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:Correct, I just pocessed a credit for he full amount to your account

SYS:You should be all set now

USR:Great thank you so much!

SYS:Anything else?

USR:nope that's all.  have a nice day

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:hi i made a mistake on an order and i would like to cancel the shipment

SYS:Sure give me one second and I can help you with that

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please

USR:ok my name is norman bouchard and my account id is KFCXAB2RYP

ACT:Account has been pulled up for norman bouchard.

SYS:Perfect. Thank you!

ACT:Shipping status of  has been noted.

SYS:Now can I please have your user name, email address and order number please

USR:nb844717 nb844717@email.com order # 8915508938

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:And you want to cancel your order, correct?

USR:yes

ACT:Order has been updated with Cancel order.

SYS:Ok, you're all set. Your order has been canceled.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that is all thank you for your help

SYS:You're welcome. I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:I want to know where my refund is at. I need the money as soon as possible.

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:I don't have an account ID.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:I need a username, an e-mail address, and the order ID.

USR:josephb9

USR:josephb9@email.com

USR:9184684565

USR:I also want to add another item to my refund

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:Tommy Hilfinger jeans for $99

ACT:A reason of Tommy Hilfinger jean has been recorded.

SYS:And what was the price of the first item?

USR:$100

USR:So I think my refund should be $199 total

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $199.

SYS:Ok, I have process your refund for you.

USR:Perfect! Thank you! THat's all I needed.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

SYS:Ok, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What can I do for you today?

USR:I was wondering if you have the prices for stitched personalization of some items.

SYS:Sure!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Stitching is 30 cents per character for the first 15 characters.

SYS:After that, it's 20 cents per character for the next 15, and finally 10 cents a character for all remaining characters.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

USR:Are there discounts for personalizing multiple items?

SYS:Unfortunately not, I'm sorry.

USR:Okay, thanks for checking.

SYS:You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I think a subscription was mistakenly added to my account

USR:I don't want it, so could you check please?

SYS:Sure one moment please. Can I have your name and account ID?

USR:Name: Alessandro Phoenix

USR:I'm sorry I don't have my account ID

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:How were you informed of this?

SYS:Was it an email?

USR:My spouse discovered it somehow

SYS:Oh I see. One moment

USR:I did not receive an email, I believe that he did

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:Account has been updated with remove service.

SYS:I went ahead and removed the charge for you.

USR:OK thank you!

USR:How much is the refund amount?

SYS:Do you want a refund?

SYS:It is $40

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

SYS:A refund has been sent to you. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Great have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, I had a question regarding the Guess shirt I ordered.

SYS:Hello, what can I help you with?

USR:I was curious if you knew if there was any special way of removing stains from the shirt

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how1) was selected.

SYS:Hello, is the stain still fresh or has it dried?

USR:It is dried, it's pasta sauce

SYS:That makes it more difficult, however we suggest soaking the shirt in cold water for around 30 minutes. After this, scrub the area with dishwash, preferably with a toothbrush. After this, was it again in cold water.

USR:Thank you, I will have to try that.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that helps me a lot.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! how can i help you today

USR:Hi

USR:An item I bought is overpriced compared to the competition

SYS:What is your name please?

USR:Why is there such a high price discrepancy?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:what is your account id and order id?

USR:JQO5ES687Y

USR:Order ID: 9624854550

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Sometimes prices change and its out of our congrol.

SYS:Its based on our pricing algorithm

USR:Okay, I understand its off the price algorithm

USR:thank you for your help

SYS:great

SYS:have a good day

SYS:do you ned anything else

USR:No that is everything, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I was looking at your shirt by calvin klein

USR:I wanted to know how wide the collar is on it

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:I've got a pretty thick neck and wanted to make sure it wouldnt squeeze

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how4) was selected.

SYS:All of our shirts are specifically designed for extra comfort and they do not have tight collars. The standard size is 15 inches but there are smaller ones with 14-inch collars and larger ones with 16-inch collars.

SYS:Are there any other questions I can answer for you today?

USR:well thats good to know, that was all the questions I had

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Hello. I was just checking my order and their seems to be an added fee that I am trying to figure out what it signifies?

SYS:I will be happy to look into that for you

SYS:Can I have your name?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thank you can I have your account id and order id

USR:sure, ID: TALFHAD7WD, Order ID: 6914420341

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Can I have your membership level?

USR:I am a Gold member

SYS:Great! It appears it was an error.  How much was the fee?

USR:28.50, seems odd don't you think?

ACT:Order has been updated with 28.50.

SYS:Thank you! I have removed the charge for you. It was an odd amount.   Is there anything else I can help with

USR:so does my account have a credit amount or is it now zero?

SYS:You said it was an extra fee on your order correct? I have removed the extra fee from the order so you will not see that charge on your order anymore

USR:oh ok. Well you have a great day and be well my friend. Thank you!

SYS:You're Welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:My name is Albert Sanders and I received a mail concerning my shipping address

USR:I  just want to make sure its right

SYS:Got it. Give me a second Albert.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:To verify your identity, I also need your account id and order id please.

USR:Account ID: JMYH1XAYYM

USR:Order ID: 8385135349

USR:let me know if you need more info

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Yes, I also need your username, email address and order id to verify validate your purchase.

USR:Username: alberts4

USR:Email Address: alberts4@email.com

USR:Order ID: 8385135349

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Perfect.

SYS:Give me a second.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Ok no problem

SYS:the system shows that your order looks as expected and the email was incorrect. You can ignore the email, Albert.

USR:Ok thanks a lot

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:so my shipping address is correct right?

SYS:Yes, it is.

USR:Address: 9798 Circle Drive  La Fayette, CA 36335

USR:just to make sure

USR:is that  the one displayed in the sistem?

SYS:Yes, it is.

USR:ok thanks I guess that would be all then

USR:have a great day

SYS:You too!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello. How may I assist you today?

USR:I'm trying to shop for some jeans. But I'm having issues with the cart.

USR:Anytime I add an item into it

USR:Its not updating...

USR:I don't know what's wrong

SYS:Hmm let me look into that for you.

USR:I'd appreciate that

SYS:What happens if you refresh the page and try to add it again?

USR:I tried that several times. It's still the same issue

USR:Once I add to cart, it won't update.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Have you tried to log out and then back in again?

USR:Oh! Not yet. Let me try that.

USR:Some minutes please

SYS:Okay, let me know how that goes!

USR:Hello.

SYS:Did that work?

USR:Just tried it.. Still the same old story

USR:I'm getting tired

SYS:Ugh, I am so sorry.

SYS:Can you try one more thing?

USR:Please help me figure out a solution

SYS:If it doesn't work, I can just order it for you.

SYS:The last thing is to check to make sure that the item isn't out of stock.

USR:That could be true.

SYS:If you go to the product page, it will be listed in the bottom left corner.

USR:Let me check

USR:Some minutes pls

SYS:Of course!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Hi.

USR:The product I clicked is out of stock.

USR:I ll just get another.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Okay, that's why it didn't work.

SYS:Are you sure you don't want me to just order it for you?

USR:Yeah. That's it

SYS:I am glad we figured it out.

USR:I ll make the order now.

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

SYS:Okay.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No. I'm good

SYS:Thanks for shopping with us.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:how may i help you?

USR:Hello, I am wondering about your premium memberships

SYS:could you be more specific?

USR:how long does a premium membership last?

SYS:i can definitely help you find that answer today

SYS:can i get your name please?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:Chloe Zhang. good, i need to buy some gifts.

SYS:thanks, memberships last for the remainder of the clander year it is purchased, and the next full calender year. it is calculated on the beginning of each month

USR:wow, that's good!

SYS:for example, if your spent $501 on May 15th, then starting July 1st you move up a membership tier, lasting until december 31st

SYS:aside from that was there anytthing else i can asssist with?

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question4) was selected.

USR:no, I am good thank you so very much.

SYS:have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I would like to check on the status of my account as I was told that it was removed

USR:But I still want it

SYS:Can you please tell me more details about what was removed?

USR:the subscription, sorry

SYS:I can certainly help you with that. Can I please have your full name and account ID?

USR:Chloe Zhang

USR:GHTZ56TGH

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:May I ask how you found out about your subscription being removed?

USR:It was sent in an email

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

SYS:Thank you. Please give me a moment to review your account.

USR:Ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:According to our records, your subscription has never been removed and we never sent you an email about removing your subscription.

USR:Oh ok

SYS:This must have been a phishing email.

SYS:Can you please check the sender of the email?

USR:Must have been

USR:Yeah I see the email not after looking closer

USR:now after looking closer

SYS:Can you please log into your account and verify that your subscription is active?

USR:It is, thank you

SYS:Great. I am glad that we were able to resolve this issue.

USR:Me too

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is all

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

USR:you as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I help you today?

USR:Well, I'm having a very odd day today

USR:The weather here is so odd! Snow in April can you believe it? And then I got a strange email from you

USR:It says that I ordered two Michael Kors shirts

USR:But I remember only ordering one shirt

USR:Can you help me figure this out?

SYS:Hmm Ill be happy to take a look into this.

SYS:May I have your name please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Can I also have your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:yes, of course

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:JXYPFWHDKO

USR:9049951997

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Im looking at your order now. I can see a purchase and charge for one shirt.

SYS:It appears that the email was wrong.

USR:Then why did my email say I had two?

USR:Can you please confirm that I will only receive and be charged for one shirt?

SYS:There was an error on the email

SYS:I just confirmed it. I checked the order and see a purchase and charge for one shirt.

USR:All right, good

SYS:If you check your bank account you will see a charge for one shirt.

USR:That's what I wanted to hear

SYS:Great. Anything else I can help you with?

USR:Yes, you're correct. I see that now

SYS:Awesome.

USR:No. You've addressed my concerns

SYS:Sorry about the email

SYS:Have a great day.

USR:That's all right.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Hi. I received my order but I need to make a return. There is a stain on these boots.

SYS:Sorry that happen! Can I have your name

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:I will also need your username, email, and order id please

USR:user name is ap350628, user name ap350628@email.com and order ID is 6646843503

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is your membership level

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:what was the date of purchase

USR:2020-02-10

USR:I have a great outfit I wanted to wear these with. Hope I can get a replacement

SYS:Can you purchase me with your address for the shipping label

USR:2952 Brushwick Dr  La Fayette, CA 94723

SYS:the refund will be issued today so that you can reorder online

ACT:Details of 2952 Brushwick Dr have been entered.

USR:Wonderful, thank you!

SYS:How would you like to return them back to us, by mail, in store or drop off center

USR:by mail, please

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:I have processed the return.  Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:I think that is all. Thanks for your help. I appreciate it.

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I need to cancel part of my order.

SYS:Ok, I can help with that

SYS:What do you want to cancel

USR:it's for order number 6711724786 and my name is Domingo Rodriguez

USR:I want to cancel the second item on the order, the Calvin Klein Jeans for $64

SYS:Ok great. One moment please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Domingo Rodriguez.

SYS:Can I get your Order ID please?

USR:6711724786

SYS:Ok, Account ID please?

USR:DPEUSLPR6Y

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Can you give me your name again please. The system isn't accepting it

USR:try it this way: Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:thanks

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:that worked!

SYS:Ok, i just need to know whether the item has shipped. Do you have the Shipping Status?

USR:it does say out for delivery.

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Ok, what's your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:Ok, great news

SYS:I can offer you a refund now

USR:Great!

SYS:After the item arrives you will need to call back and get the shipping label so you can return the item for free back to us, okay?

USR:I will definitely do that

SYS:Ok, I will refund $64 now

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $64.

SYS:Ok, $64 has been refunded to your account automaticallyQ

SYS:oops

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:no, that was it

SYS:Ok, please follow up and return the item. Have a great day!

SYS:Good bye

USR:I will and you too

SYS:Thx

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:how may i help

USR:I need to return an item because its the wrong color

SYS:i see, if i understand, i can help you initiate a wrong color item refund today

SYS:first i need your full name to pull up the account

USR:alessandro phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:i will need your username, email, and order id to pull up the order

USR:ap994189

USR:ap994189@email.com

USR:4973477538

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:thank you

USR:yw

SYS:and what is your membership level?

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:and when was the purchase date?

USR:11/22/19

SYS:ok i can initiate a return for you today

USR:ok thank you

SYS:i will need your full adress for the return label

SYS:also how would you like to return, by mail, store, or drop off?

USR:6496 lincoln ave jacksonville ny 17178

USR:return by mail

ACT:Details of 6496 lincoln ave jacksonville ny 17178 have been entered.

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:ok, your return has been processed

SYS:is there anything else i can do for you?

USR:that was all

USR:thank you

USR:have a nice day

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi there. I want to buy a shirt online and my credit card keeps getting rejected. Do you know what is wrong with it?

SYS:Let's see if I can help. Can I get your Account ID or full name?

USR:David Williams

SYS:OK, David, have you tried logging out and logging back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yes, it didn't work. The card is just coming up as invalid.

SYS:Have you checked the expiration date on your card?

USR:Yes, it doesn't expire until next year.

SYS:Could you try entering the information one more time? Maybe there was a glitch.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay, it seems to be working now. I guess I might have misread a number.

SYS:Great! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That was all! Thanks for the help!

SYS:OK, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands, how may i help you?

USR:Hi there the name on my account is wrong can someone change it?

SYS:Ah, ok

SYS:what is the name on there right now?

USR:It reals Hairy Pancakes

USR:should read Sanya Afzal

USR:no clue what happened

USR:XD

SYS:Hairy Pancakes, thats not right!

USR:reads I mean

SYS:got it

USR:yeah can you fix it?

SYS:let me look into it for you

USR:My fingers were bit by wild dogs

USR:hard to type

USR:Im not even joking

SYS:ok, so i have your account

USR:yeah and

SYS:let me verify your identity, do you have a phone number or order iD?

USR:can u fix it?

SYS:yes, i can fix it

USR:oh sure 5919 lincoln ave

SYS:but i need to gather some details first

USR:I bought some jeans for 84

USR:dont know my order id

USR:Im a silver member too

SYS:do you perhaps have a PIN number instead?

SYS:or email address?

USR:cause I spend that mturk monies

USR:nope no pin

USR:email is Onebadmofo@yahoo.com

SYS:ok, this seems to check out

USR:oh thank you Jesus

SYS:Great, i have updated your account with the correct name

USR:you are so best and good

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:no you saved me

SYS:wonderful, have a great day!

USR:thank you

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Hairy Pancakes.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been updated with Sanya Afzal.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi!

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you?

SYS:Hello there.

USR:I received my order however i received the wrong color

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Could you give me your name or account ID so I can locate your account?

USR:I bought it to go match a pair of pants I was planning to wear to a party and now i cant

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:I would like to return the item please as it is no use now

SYS:I understand how upsetting that could be. I can help you make your return. What is your username, email address and order ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:Order ID: 6152467724

USR:normanbouchard674@email.com

USR:Username: normanbouchard674

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you and are you a gold, silver or bronze member?

USR:gold

SYS:Awesome! All of our gold members have unlimited returns on their orders.

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Can I have your full mailing address so that I can sent you an email with a shipping label to send us your return?

USR:2708 Circle Drive  San Mateo, CA 70124

ACT:Details of 2708 Circle Drive San Mateo, CA 70124 have been entered.

SYS:Will be processing your return by mail, in store or drop off center?

USR:mail please

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:You should receive an email soon with the return label attached. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:thats all. thank you

SYS:You're welcome. Enjoy your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I really like the Guess jeans in your website. Can I ask some questions about it?

USR:How long is it?

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

SYS:Ok

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:The jeans have an inseam of 36 inches and an outseam of 42 inches

SYS:You can always tailor them to fit your exact height.

SYS:You can see the size on the inside label of the jeans at the back right area.

USR:ok great. And does it stretch?

SYS:Yes

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Ok. looks good

USR:That will be all

USR:thanks

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, thanks for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you?

SYS:Are you there?

USR:Hi this is Joyce Wu i'm wondering my current subscription member level

SYS:Sure thing. Give me one moment.

USR:ok

SYS:So you aren't sure what membership level you are?

SYS:Or you wanted to make sure your membership is still active?

USR:I believe i'm at gold level and i am interested in knowing if that means i get free international shipping

SYS:Oh, ok. Absolutely, I can find that out for you.

USR:ok thank you

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Unfortunately it looks like your account level doesn't provide free international shipping at this time.

USR:ok good to know. thank you

SYS:I'm going to send you a link that provides more information about your subscription.

USR:ok

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:http://www.AcmeBrands.com/faq

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no i'm all good. thank you

SYS:Ok, have a great day!

USR:you to

<|endoftext|>SYS:how can i help you today

USR:Hi I was thinking of buying some jeans, but I'm not sure if they will fit right

USR:what is your refund policy

SYS:if i understand correctly, you are inquiring on our storewide return policy?

USR:yes

SYS:i can assist with that today, may i please have your name

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:thanks albert let me pull that information for you

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:and, were you asking our policy on returns, or refunds, specifically?

SYS:i believe you initially said refunds, correct?

USR:yes, refunds

SYS:alright, i have found an answer for you

SYS:We do offer refunds on items that have not yet shipped. They can be given for any valid purchase confirmed with order id, username, and email adress. make sure you have this info when you contact us about the refund

SYS:i am wondering if you meant our return policy, considering you were asking about returning the jeans if they did not fit, is that the case?

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question2) was selected.

USR:yah I guess so, I think I should have said return policy

SYS:ok

SYS:our return policy is based on membership levels. gold members get unlimited returns, silver get unlimited returns for purchases within 6 months, bronze members are the same but only for 90 days

SYS:all other members are allowed returns within a 30 day period

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question1) was selected.

USR:oh ok, I am a gold member

USR:I think that answers my question

SYS:then you will have unlimited returns at any date

SYS:can i help you with anything else

USR:sounds good

USR:Thats what i wanted to know

SYS:have a good one!

USR:Thanks for your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:Hi I cant access my account because i lost my phone. What should I do about that?

SYS:I can send you an email that will help you reset your two factor authentication. Can I please have your full name and email address?

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:Email Address: albertsanders137@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:Details of albertsanders137@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Ok, an email has been sent! I'll also include a link with information on the best ways to keep your account secure.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Great thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:nope

SYS:You have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:how can i help you

USR:Hi! I wanted to check the status of my order. I see that there is some extra fee added for no reason.

SYS:So you want to know what the extra fees billed to you are?

USR:Yes, it shouldn't be there

SYS:Can i get your name or account id, please?

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:Account ID: DBKTCUBFHV

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Thank you. Can i get your order id.

USR:Order ID: 7584644885

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you your identity has been verified.  Now I need to check with the system to see if the fees are valid.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Thanks

SYS:The fee seems to be a mistake on our end. Would you like me to remove the fee?

USR:Yes please

USR:Thank you

SYS:By how much were you overcharge?

USR:9.99

SYS: I will remove it now.

USR:Thanks

ACT:Order has been updated with 9.99.

SYS:Okay the fee is gone, do you need any further help?

USR:Thats all. Thank you

SYS:Okay, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>USR:I would like to know more about a pair of jeans that seem to be unavailable online.

SYS:Hi, thanks for contacting AcmeBrands, how can I help you?

USR:It says the item is out of stock, and I would like to get it shipped as soon as possible. Can you find out when they will be back in stock?

SYS:OK, can I have your name or account ID?

USR:My name is Sanya Afzal the order ID is 0015235663.

USR:The item is men's Michael_Kors jeans.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:A reason of men's Michael Kors jeans has been recorded.

SYS:Thank you, I will create a report and let the purchasing department know to improve service

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

USR:That would be great. Please have someone let me know when they are back in stock. Have a good day.

SYS:You too, thanks for contacting us, bye

USR:bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I would like to purchase something on the site but my credit card keeps coming back as rejected

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that. I will do my best to resolve your issue.

USR:Thank you

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you please go back to the checkout page and try entering your credit card information again?

USR:I have tried that a few times

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you please try logging out of your account and logging back in?

USR:Thank you that seemed to work

SYS:Great. I am glad that we were able to resolve your issue. Thank you for your patience.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is all

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help today?

USR:Hi! I did a return a few days ago but it's not showing the charge as reversed on my billing statement.

SYS:OK, so are you needing the status of your refund?

USR:yes, why is it not showing up on my billing statement?

SYS:Let me take a look into this for you.  First can I have your full name and account ID please?

USR:yes, it's Joseph Banter and I don't have my account id.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Can I have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:my username is josephbanter213, email is josephbanter213@email.com and order id is 6783288152

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you - how many days has it been since you returned your item?

USR:like 3

ACT:A reason of 3 has been recorded.

SYS:Thank you, can you confirm your membership level please?

USR:um, it's guest

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:Sometimes refunds can take up to 7 days to be posted to your account.  At this time, I am not able to expedite that timeline, however if you still have not received your refund in 7 days please do not hesitate to reach back out to us.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:ok, great thank you! i was just a little worried but I feel better now.

USR:Nope that's it.

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:HI.. I enrolled in the membership program but I am not sure when the payment is due. Can you help me check it?

SYS:Sure. One moment.

SYS:You are talking about your subscription?

USR:yes

SYS:OK.

SYS:What is your full name or account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thanks, I have pulled up your account.

SYS:What is your account ID nd order ID

SYS:and

USR:Account ID: CRRQ6JAV05

USR:Order ID: 1912844098

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks, I have verified your ID.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscriptio is active and no payment is due at this time.

SYS:Anything else I can help with?

USR:Ok. can you check when is it due?

SYS:Sure.

SYS:It is due in three days. $49

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Use the link provided in the future, to check whenever you need to.

USR:That is great. Thank you

SYS:You're welcome. Anything else?

USR:That is all

USR:Thanks

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, I want to buy something but my shopping cart on the site isn't updating?

USR:Hello?

SYS:Hello, I'd be glad to help.

USR:What should I do?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you trying refreshing the page and adding the item back to your cart?

USR:Okay, I'll try that. one moment

USR:Nope, it didn't work

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:No worries, next I'd like you to log out and back into your account.

USR:Okay I'll try that

USR:It worked! I feel silly for not trying that earlier.

USR:Thank you for helping

SYS:That's great! Anything else I can help you with?

USR:No that's all. Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! how can i help you today

USR:I'm having a problem with my cart. When I add another item to it, it won't update.

SYS:oh im so sorry about that

SYS:what is your name

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:THanks!

SYS:can you please try refreshing hte page and adding the item again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I did it, but that didn't help

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Okay can you please try logging out and back in?

USR:Ok. That worked.

SYS:amazing

SYS:cani help you with anything else?

USR:No, that

USR:no that's all for today

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I need to add something to my order

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:I forgot to add it when I ordered

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:thanks Joseph. Give me a second.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Can you please let me know your Account ID and Order ID to verify your identity?

USR:I want to add a pair of Calvin Klein jeans

USR:sure

USR:Account ID: QLT10NKKXQ

USR:Order ID: 3126201137

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. What is the shipping status of the order?

USR:doesn't say

USR:can you do it?

SYS:I actually need to know the shipping status first.

USR:I think it says delivered

SYS:Oh then it is too late. What is your membership level?

USR:I'm a guest

USR:thanks anyway

SYS:Sorry that only Gold and Silver members can get a new shipment with no shipping fee.

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

USR:okay I'll buy them somewhere else then, Bye

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:no

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme. How can I help you today?

USR:Hi.  My name is Sanya Afzal.  I was wondering what the status of my subscription is?  I would like to pay the amount due.

SYS:I can certainly find that out for you. Just one moment, Ms. Afzal.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:I'll also need your Account ID and User ID if you have them available?

SYS:Accout ID and Order ID, rather.

USR:Sure.  My account ID is ROX2B66API, and my Order ID is 5498331563.

SYS:Thanks, sorry for the mixup.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:I see that your payment was due yesterday in the amount of $49.

USR:Can I pay that now?

SYS:I can help you with that. But I also want you to know that you can access your account directly, through the link I'm sending you. Your username is safzal1.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Oh ok.  I'll do that then.  Thank you.

SYS:Now for the payment, I'll enter that for you right now.

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, you're account is all up to date now.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:That was it for today.

SYS:Have a great day and thanks for shopping Acme.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I assist you today?

USR:Hello, do the Michael Kors jeans come in a smaller size?

SYS:Let me look in to this for you.

USR:thank you

SYS:Are you wondering if there are other sizes that are not listed on the website?

USR:yes, smaller sizes

SYS:Who am I speaking with today?

USR:this is David Williams

SYS:Thanks David. Did you order a pair and they are too big?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:No I did not order yet, just wondering if the pants come in smaller sizes.

SYS:Let me see what information I can find for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other3) was selected.

SYS:The sizes available are exactly as listed on the website. If they are listed as empty they are out of stock. Jeans are refilled at the beginning of every month, so if you need a smaller size you could check back then.

USR:ok thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that is all

SYS:Great, have a good day, David.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I love my subscription so i want to check my status

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:So you would like to know if your subscription is active or inactive?

SYS:Or would you like the due date or amount?

USR:all

USR:if i am active nad wehn my annual fee is due

SYS:Ok

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Name: Norman Bouchard

USR:Account ID: QQZTCWU6GV

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Could I have your order id?

USR:Order ID: 7613663609

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is currently active and the amount of $14 was yesterday.

USR:great, cna i pay it?

SYS:Sure

SYS:The annual amount is $99 if you want to pay for the year.

USR:yes please

ACT:Details of 99 have been entered.

SYS:Do you have a credit card that you want to pay with?

USR:yeah

USR:the one on file

SYS:Ok

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

USR:thank you!

SYS:Ok, the annual subscription payment has been made for $99 dollars.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:that's all

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hi!  I totally forgot to add an item to my last order.  Do you think you can help me add it in?

SYS:Sure I can help with that

SYS:If there's still time, I can combine everything into one shipment, or if it's already left, I can set up a new order for you

USR:That sounds amazing!  Thank you

SYS:May I gather some information first, so that I can take a look at your account?

USR:Sure!

SYS:I'll need your full name, Account ID, the Order ID, and the current status of that original order

USR:Chloe Zhang is my name

USR:Account ID: UT3HLYBYWZ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:Order ID is 3752758935

USR:Shipping Status says Delivered

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, in that case, your original order is either waiting for you at your door, or it is very close as we speak.  But I can definitely start a new order for you for the leftover item

SYS:May I ask, do you have a membership level with us?

USR:oooohhh ok, thank you

USR:I do!  I'm a Silver member

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Excellent, that allows me to waive the shipping charges on this item

USR:oh excellent, that just made my day!

SYS:So looks like we're just about finished, I just need to ask which item you wished to purchase--both the brand and the item type (i.e. "Guess Jeans")

USR:It was a Guess shirt for $94

SYS:Excellent, I'll send that right out.

ACT:A purchase of Guess Shirt was made.

USR:Great, thank you!

SYS:and you're all set.  May I help with anything while we're here?

USR:That is everything. Thank you for all of the help!

SYS:You're very welcome.  Have a great day

USR:you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us. Before we get started can I have your First and Last name please?

USR:Hi, I signed up for a membership plan with you guys a long time ago and I can't remember if I paid the bill to keep it active or not. My name is Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo..

USR:I think its supposed to be paid annually, but I'm not sure if I have paid or not.

SYS:Thank you Rodriguez. So we're looking into your subscription status. I'm sure I can help with that.

USR:I just wanted to find out if I owe money or not.

USR:Great, thanks.

SYS:Sure thing, Can I have your account ID please? and if you happen to have one and Order ID

USR:Sure, my account ID is MMDZOMISJX

USR:Order ID is 6205480772

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Alright, It looks like you may actually be ahead in payments!

SYS:You currently owe 0$

USR:Oh ok, thats good news then. I'm super forgetful about this type of stuff.

SYS:The bill is due tomorrow so it looks like you paid already for the upcoming period.

USR:Excellent.

SYS:Was there anything else I could do to help you?

USR:No, that was it. Thank you so much!

SYS:No problem, thanks for shopping with us and have a great day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:welcome, how can I help you?

USR:an item I want is way overpriced

SYS:hmm, let's take a look at that

SYS:can I have your name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:thanks. So, what is the issue with this price?

USR:the jeans are 64 dollars and I have seen them cheaper at other places

SYS:so, one of our competitors advertises a lower price?

SYS:can I have your account & Order IDs please?

USR:Order ID: 0342796178

USR:Account ID: DND0EGTRGP

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:I am sorry, sometimes our pricing algorithms have a mind of their own

SYS:I don't have any control over that, Iunfortunately

SYS:I wish that I did!

SYS:hello? are you still there?

USR:yes

USR:thanks anyways, can I get a promo code

SYS:sure

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here you go - H8RHU

USR:thanks

SYS:Is there anything else?

SYS:if that is all, I will say good bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi I'm trying to buy a t-shirt but it's out of stock

SYS:Okay, can I have your name please?

USR:My name is Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:What brand is the shirt you are trying to buy?

USR:It's a Calvin Klein shirt

ACT:A reason of Calvin Klein Shirt has been recorded.

SYS:I'm very sorry that it is out of stock, I will contact the purchasing department and tell them to restock this item.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:I can back-order the item for you if you would like.

USR:Yes I'd like that

ACT:A purchase of Calvin Klein Shirt was made.

SYS:I have ordered the item using the card you have on file. It will be shipped to you as soon as it is available.

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:No that's it. Thanks.

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi!

USR:i want to know the status of m y refund that is out there

SYS:Sure, one moment please

SYS:Ok, could you give me your full name or account ID

SYS:pelase

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Now could you give me your username, email and order ID

USR:Username: normanb1

USR:Email Address: normanb1@email.com

USR:Order ID: 0811710581

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Ok everything in order

SYS:The status of your order is in progress

USR:my refund pleas

USR:what is the status of the refund

SYS:sorry refund* is in progress

USR:okay great. thank you

USR:that is all

SYS:The payment method is being done online

USR:great. thanks . have a good day

SYS:A pleasure to help you!

SYS:have a good day too Mr. Norman

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello! my website is running REALLY slow, and its not my internet, it seems to just be the website. I really want to get my order in but i need some assistance figuring out whats wrong

SYS:Sure, I can try to help you with that.

SYS:Could you try logging out of your account and back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Just did that again, but its still the same, thats probably the fifth time i've tried that

SYS:I'm sorry for this issue, have you tried closing other programs on your computer that may be slowing the site down?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I have i have also restarted my computer, and it really seems to just be this website, my netflix google and all the usuals are up and running fine

SYS:I will notify our internal team of the issue you are experiencing.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:I could help you make a purchase on my end if you would like.

USR:would i be able to place my order through chat here, if i continued having this issue?

USR:ah, maybe thats the fix we need

SYS:Yes that will work, I'll just need your credit card number and expiration date and the item you are trying to purchase

USR:Product: Shirt  Brand: Tommy_Hilfiger and my credit card number is ONE

SYS:The expiration date?

USR:05/2122

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Shirt was made.

SYS:I have made the purchase for you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That will be all, you were very helpful.

SYS:Thanks and have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:Hi there, I ordered a jacket but it is the wong size. I would like to return it.

SYS:i'd be happy to help you with that.

SYS:Can i get a name

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Okay, Albert I found your account. I will need to verify the purchase now, for that I need your username, email address, and order id.

USR:alberts7

USR:alberts7@email.com

USR:Order ID: 6092728120

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Everything looks good. Now What membership level are you.

USR:Gold

SYS:Great, gold gets unlimited returns. Now I need your address for the shipping label

USR:8033 Kennedy St  Brighton, NY 65112

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

ACT:Details of 8033 Kennedy St Brighton, NY 65112 have been entered.

SYS:Now how would you like to process your deliver. By mail, in store or drop off center?

USR:By mail please

SYS:return* and Okay

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:That is all I will be needing from you, Your return should go through now.

SYS:Do you need any more help?

USR:That is everything. Thank you!

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello How can I help you today?

SYS:Are you there?

USR:YES

SYS:What can I help you with today?

USR:attempt to find out what the search bar doesn't work.

SYS:Okay just give me a moment to check system.

SYS:Okay there a couple things we can do first have you logged out and logged back in?

ACT:A reason of login/logout has been recorded.

USR:Name: Crystal Minh  Phone Number: (387) 394-7128  Member Level: Gold  Email Address: crystalminh604@email.com  Username: crystalminh604

SYS:Thank you for that information. Can you try to reset your cookies online. That sometimes work to get the search bar to work

USR:ok

USR:thank you help

USR:bye

SYS:Thank you anything else?

ACT:A reason of reset cookies Instructions has been recorded.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hello. I am frustrated about the prices on your site

USR:I love these Tommy Hilfiger jeans that you're selling. But you are charging much more than the other shopping sites

SYS:I'm sorry about that.

SYS:Let me ook into it.

USR:I want to be loyal to you, but I don't want to pay more. Is there anything you can do?

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thanks, I have pulled up the account.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:I will need your account ID and order ID

USR:D6FCZ6JD8L

USR:2825367450

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks. I have verified your ID.

SYS:I apologize for the difference in prices. We use a computer algorithm based on demand and seasonal variances.

SYS:I am unable to change it.

SYS:I hope you understand.

USR:Oh no

USR:Is there anything you can do?

USR:Like anything that you can offer me?

SYS:I see you have been a valued customer. I can certainly help you.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:4DB2N

USR:Oh thank you

SYS:Please use that promo code.

USR:So I get a discount?

SYS:You're welcome.

SYS:Yes. It will be a discount on your oder.

SYS:order.

USR:Great!

USR:Thank you for that. It really makes a difference

SYS:Glad I could help. Anything else I can help with today?

USR:No that was it

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:I would like to know what are the membership levels

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question1) was selected.

SYS:We have three different levels, Bronze, Silver, and Gold that are all based on your purchase history with us

USR:Okay, thank you for the information

SYS:You're welcome.  Would you like to know more?

USR:That will be everything

SYS:Excellent, have a great day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

USR:I would like to return my order because it's the wrong color

SYS:Okay, no problem. I can help with that. Can I have your full name, username, email address, and order ID, please?

USR:sure

USR:Name: Chloe Zhang

USR:Username: chloezhang140

USR:Email Address: chloezhang140@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Chloe Zhang.

USR:Order ID: 1903854121

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, Chloe. And what is your membership level?

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:And when was the item purchased?

USR:Purchase Date: 2020-01-30

SYS:Awesome, that's within the return window. That means we can return it with no issue. I will need your address for the shipping label, please

USR:Address: 1571 2nd Ave  San Lima, MI 69879

ACT:Details of 1571 2nd Ave San Lima, MI 69879 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, and would you like to send this by mail, in store, or a drop-off center?

USR:by mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Okay, the return label has been processed. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nothing else

USR:that is all

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp how may I help you?

USR:Hi I have a quick question.

SYS:I happy to help, whats your question?

USR:I've been trying to buy different items but everytime I get to the purchase screen, it iseems that they are always out of stock.

USR:Does your system not refresh until the purchase screen?

SYS:Lets look into this. Which item or items?

USR:I was looking at the Michael Kors jeans

USR:It's the one for $69

SYS:Ok it was just this one item that is stating out of stock?

USR:For now yes. There was a scarf but the weather is getting warmer so it's not as important anymore

SYS:Can I get your full name or account ID please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

USR:My user name is alessandrophoenix061

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thank you Alessandro. Are you sure about the scarf?

USR:Well, if have it then sure

USR:if you have it

SYS:Both are showing out of stock?

USR:The scarf yes. The jeans in my size yes

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors Jeans has been recorded.

ACT:A reason of Scarf has been recorded.

SYS:What I am going to do is write up a report let the purchasing department know about this. I do apologize that they are out of stock.

USR:ok

ACT:The Purchasing Department has been notified.

USR:is there a way I can be sent a text if my item becomes available?

SYS:We can do better, what I can do is back-order both or one of the items. Once it is in, it will ship immediately.

USR:ok that's great!

SYS:Would you like both items?

USR:what are my chances you think?

USR:and yes I do

SYS:I did let our purchasing team know, in order to back-order can we use the credit card on file?

USR:yes that's ok

ACT:A purchase of Kor Jeans & Scarf was made.

SYS:Once there back in stock which they will be they will ship to you immediately.

SYS:Is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:that was it. thanks for your help!

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to customer service unit

USR:Hi, I'm interested in buying a pair of boots but I had a question about them

USR:It's these boots specifically:

USR:Product: boots  Brand: Tommy_Hilfiger  Amount: $69

USR:I was wondering how to remove gum fro mthe sole

SYS:What is the question?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how3) was selected.

SYS:To remove gum you have to use a butter knife to rub a glob of peanut butter over the gum. Leave it for 10 minutes for the gum to soften and become one with the peanut butter. Scrap it off then clean the rest of the shoe with soap and water.

USR:great, thanks so miuch

USR:that's all i needed

SYS:Would this be all for today?

USR:yes

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:i had ordered a couple of items but now i would like to remove one of the items because my husband did not like it

SYS:I can help you with this.

SYS:Have the items been received yet?

USR:no

USR:it says out for delivery

SYS:Can I get your full name or Account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:Account ID: JS11XXNQKU

SYS:Just give me a minute to pull up your account Sanya.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:I'll have to look up your order Sanya. Can I also get your order ID?

USR:Order ID: 5653262410

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Sanya, what is your membership level?

USR:bronze

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:I can give you a refund immediately for the item. When it arrives, you will have to call customer service back to get a shipping label to return it.

USR:sounds good

USR:thank you

SYS:How much was the item so I can give you the refund?

USR:$59

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $$59.

SYS:Great, I have made the refund. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that is all. thank you so much

SYS:Thanks, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Well, I'm waiting for a refund, but I wanted to add an item to that existing refund.

SYS:Ok I can help with that

USR:I should have a $100 refund but I want some jeans that are $94

SYS:Ok, what was the reason for your refund?

USR:Well, originally I bought the wrong size jeans.

SYS:ok thank you

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:Unfortunately with my gym closed and being at home I guess I have been eating and drinking too much...

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:Same here!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Can I have your username, email and Order ID?

USR:Username: cm876355

USR:Cm876355@email.com

USR:Order ID: 0457428144

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What brand are the $94 Jeans that you want to add to the refund?

USR:Calvin Klein

SYS:thank you

USR:Ugh, can't believe I need another larger size...

USR::(

ACT:A reason of Calvin Klein Jeans has been recorded.

SYS:Yes, it's very upsetting. We are all going to need weight watchers soon

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $194.

USR:True!

SYS:Ok, your refund is complete!

USR:Gyms are going to be really busy when this all ends

SYS:Yes!

USR:Oh, thank you so much. that was quick!

USR:I appreciate the help!

SYS:Great, you're welcome

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:No, that was it!

SYS:ok, Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I have renewed my suscription and I want to check the status of it

USR:when is the annual fee due?

SYS:May I have your full name please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:when is my annual fee due?

SYS:Okay, I also need your account id and order id please.

USR:Account ID:2ZVMUKCADP   Order ID :1813828983

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:The annual fee is due today.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:I want to pay it today

SYS:You can look it up in the link in the future.

USR:thank you

SYS:Okay, I will  help you with the payment.

USR:Okay

SYS:do you have a credit card number?

USR:yes

SYS:How much do you want to pay and what is your credit card number?

USR:I want to pay the annual fee. The card number is 4562565689567894

SYS:For your information, the standard subscription is $99 a year.

SYS:So you would pay the full amount, right?

USR:Pay $99 to the credit card

SYS:Okay

ACT:Details of 99 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:no that is all

SYS:Have a nice day.

USR:thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi how can I help you

USR:I would like to return my shirt because it is the wrong size

SYS:sure please give me one sec

USR:i bought this shirt for my boyfriend but he is apparently too fat

SYS:to start, can I have your full name or account id?

USR:Name: Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:cool

SYS:can I also have your username, email, and order id

USR:Order ID: 0586360886

USR:Username: cm898507

USR:ummm, let me see, i think the email is cm898507@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:ok your purchase has been validated

USR:great!

SYS:do you mind if I ask your membership level?

USR:i'm gold baby!

SYS:gold baby you are

USR:my boyfriend thinks i shop too much, but the perks of gold membership are amazing

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:we value our gold members and will provide unlimited returns

USR:yea, i know, its wonderful!

SYS:to do that, I'll need the following info

SYS:Street and Number City, State, Zip Code

USR:1263 Lexington Ave  Brighton, WA 18267

ACT:Details of 1263 Lexington Ave Brighton, WA 18267 have been entered.

SYS:how do you like it to be returned?

SYS:the options are:  By Mail, In Store, or Drop off Center

USR:in store works for me

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

SYS:awesome it's all done

USR:great, i'll drop it off later today

SYS:sounds good

SYS:is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no, that's all

SYS:cool. have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:hi

USR:i have a promo code and wanto know when i could use it to buy stuff?

SYS:when did you get this promo code?

USR:5 days aago

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question4) was selected.

SYS:Promo codes expire 7 days after they are issued. The expiration date should be printed in the bottom of the paper in small font.

USR:okay thanks

SYS:So you have 7 days from the day it was issued

USR:okay thanks

SYS:Would this be all for today?

USR:thats all i need!

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:hello

USR:i want to know what happens if re late on a subscription payment because i thinking of buying stuff.

SYS:Ok, one moment please.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Would you like to know the policy for late payment on subscriptions?

USR:yes

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

SYS:There is a late fee if you are late on a subscription payment. The fee is $2 per day for each day past the monthly due date.

SYS:If you are a Gold or a Silver member, you are given a grace period of 5 late days per month, during which late fee will not be applied.

SYS:Have I answered your question?

USR:ok thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nothing thanks

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Hi there, I wanted to buy some things but wondered how i could get premium membership?

SYS:Sure. Ill pull that up. One moment please.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:thanks

SYS:Well our premium memberships are not purchased directly. They coincide with how much you have bought through our site.

SYS:There are different levels.

USR:Oh  I see.

USR:So I have to achieve the membership?

SYS:Over $500 is Bronze. Over $1000 is silver, and over $2000 is gold

USR:Well then I guess I better get shopping!!

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question2) was selected.

SYS:We have lots of things available for purchase and get more with every new season.

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that was it thanks.

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi I think I am missing about $40 in credits on my account.

USR:Name: Norman Bouchard

USR:The question regards a Tommy Hilfiger jacket I bought that costs $59

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

SYS:Let me check on that for you now...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ok, I can send you a promo code to add credit back into your account.

USR:Great, thanks so much, I appreciate it, that's all goodbye.

SYS:Hold on, gotta send it to you first...

USR:cool, thanks.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:GDPCD

USR:got it, goodbye.

SYS:There you are, apologies for the inconvenience.

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi I had a question about my order.

SYS:Okay, what do you want to know about your order?

USR:I had ordered a jacket but when I got my email confirmation it said I ordered two

USR:but I only ordered one

SYS:okay, so there's an extra item added to your purchase that you didn't order?

USR:that's right. It said I ordered two jackets but I only ordered one

USR:and I only want one unless you want to send me two for the price of one lol

SYS:lol. ok I can help with that.

SYS:What's your full name or Account ID please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

USR:Account ID is PFSOX6JQMD

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:ok, one moment please

SYS:Can i get your Order ID?

USR:2108815570

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Ok, let me check our system to see if the error is on our side

USR:ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ok, there was a mistake made. Do you have the Shipping Status?

USR:It's in transit

SYS:Ok, that means it's already out for shipment

USR:so two are being sent?

SYS:Yes. Unfortunately that means when you get the item you will need to call back and make a return

USR:oh you gotta me kidding me

USR:alright I guess there's no other choice

SYS:I'm sorry about that. I know it's a hassle

USR:I guess I'll contact you once it comes in

SYS:Yes, we will create a shipping label so you can mail it free of charge.

SYS:Sorry for the inconvenience

USR:ok

SYS:How much was the item cost?

USR:$84

SYS:I can refund your account now

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $84.

SYS:Ok, I refunded your account, so you will just need to contact us and ship the item back when it arrives.

USR:ok that's great thanks

SYS:You are welcome. Sorry for the inconvenience

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:that's it thanks

SYS:ok, have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:I just received an email about an order I placed.  I didn't place one!!

SYS:Ok. Give me one second and I can look into that for you

USR:Thanks!

SYS:Can have the Order ID, your Username and Email address please

USR:2691269694

USR:sa087791@email.com

USR:Hold on. I wrote down the username somewhere.....

USR:sa087791

SYS:no worries. Take your time

SYS:Ok. It looks like there was an error.

USR:Has the item been shipped yet?

SYS:No it has not.

SYS:How much was the order for?

USR:It was for $89.  Why?

SYS:I just need to put it into the system.

USR:Oh. Okay.

SYS:Ok. I just canceled the order.

USR:Did you credit my account?

SYS:So sorry about that. Is there anything else I can help you with?

SYS:Yes.

USR:I didn't pay for it before.

SYS:It's not showing that it was taken out. I just updated the order. So if it was taken out, then you would be refunded. If it hasn't then you don't need to worry about anything.

USR:Oh.  Okay.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nope. Thanks!

SYS:Have a great day!

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:Order has been updated with credit for billing issue.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Can i add an item to an order i placed?

SYS:Let's check on that. Can I get your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR: David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:Account ID: HJV9OXABMZ

USR:Order ID: 3956431760

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Thank you. One more thing, what is your membership level?

USR:guest

SYS:Okay, unfortunately it is too late to add a new item to the order. I would suggest making a new purchase

USR:Oh, Okay. thanks you.

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:That's all i needed.

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I think my order is wrong. I thought I ordered only one jacket but the email I got says that I ordered 2 jackets.

SYS:Okay, let me see what I can do about that>

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:of course. it's Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:And your account and order ID's?

USR:I do.

USR:Account ID: NZHS3UKLUK

USR:Order ID: 7001814404

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, let me check the system about this and see what's wrong.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:i appreciate that

SYS:Well looking at it it seems the email was wrong.

SYS:You're only being charged for one item, and you're only getting one item.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That's odd. How come I got that email?

SYS:I don't know, likely some backend issue.

USR:Oh well, you probably should fix that.

USR:That's it for today though.

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I'm confused because I wanted to buy a pair of jeans that was much cheaper yesterday.

SYS:I am sorry about that.

SYS:Our pricing is often dynamically changing

USR:I'd still like to buy the jeans but I'm hoping I can get a discont code to help with the price increase

SYS:Sure, I can get you a promo code

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is your code OFYN1

USR:thank you I hope to use that today

SYS:You will be able to. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:that is all thank yu

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

USR:I need to change the shipping on my order

USR:Can you help?

SYS:hello

SYS:Yes I can

USR:Great!

USR:I ordered fast shipping on my order, but then I realized that it's really expensive. I want to change the shipping to next week delivery because the fee for faster shipping is so high.

USR: Can you do that for me?

SYS:Yes I will

SYS:Give me your Fullname or account id

USR:4OXCCVDWH7

ACT:Account has been pulled up for 4OXCCVDWH7.

SYS:I just need to validate your purchase. Give me the following

SYS:Username, email and order id

USR:czhang

USR:czhang@hotmail.com

USR:1315793328

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:I got an email that says it's out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Since the order is already out for delivery, it is too late to make a change on the shipping

USR:Oh no

USR:really ?

SYS:But I can give you a part of your shipping money back

USR:That's disappointing

USR:Oh great that would be nice of you

USR:Thanks!

SYS:Standard shipping is $8. So I will offer you $8

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

USR:Great, that's perfect!!

USR:You're so nice

SYS:You are welcome.

SYS:Would that be all for today?

USR:yes

<|endoftext|>USR:i would like more information on a product. how wide is the collar? and does it squeeze the neck?

USR:hello?

SYS:Sure, what product?

USR:a Guess shirt

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:Okay. All of our shirts are made to be comfortable and do not have tight collars.

USR:ok

SYS:We actually have designs with loose collars for those who want it.

SYS:You have a choice of 14", 15", or 16".

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how4) was selected.

USR:I am thinking about buying it

USR:thank you for the help. that is all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi I would like to know more about a product because you are thinking about buying it.

SYS:I can help with that

SYS:What would you like to know?

USR:I  would like to know how to remove a grass stain from these jeans?

SYS:Sure, one moment

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:First you want to use undiluted white vinegar on a sponge and dab the stained area lightly...

SYS:Dry with paper towels and then repeat if needed until the grass stain is removed...

SYS:Next turn the jeans inside out and wash them in cold water like normal, to keep the colors strong

SYS:Does that answer your question?

USR:yes thank you

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how1) was selected.

SYS:Great, can I help with anything else?

USR:no but thanks

SYS:Good luck with your grass stain and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Can you check on my order status.  I was charged for shipping on my last order and it should have been free.

SYS:Will do, one moment please.

USR:My name is David Williams and my account is EFVA41QY9R

SYS:Thank you, It will be just a moment.

USR:ok

SYS:To clarify, do you want the shipping cost removed, or do you want to cancel the order?

USR:I just want the shipping cost removed.

SYS:Got it, what is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

SYS:Great, what was the cost of the shipping?

USR:$9.95

ACT:Account has been pulled up for EFVA41QY9R.

SYS:Ok great, I will try to get this refunded for you.

USR:Do you know how long it will take to be refunded to my bank account?

SYS:Hm, that really depends on who you use, but generally a few days.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $9.95.

SYS:I have successfully refunded the shipping.

SYS:Is there anything else you need help with today?

USR:that was fast!. Thanks for your help.  That was all I needed.  Have a nice day

SYS:No problem, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>USR:What is your refund policy?

SYS:welcome, how can I help you?

SYS:policy on refunds, eh

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question2) was selected.

SYS:we can only refund items that have not yet shipped.

SYS:WE need Order ID, username & email to validate

USR:That sounds fair.

SYS:Does that answer your question?

USR:that's all. yes.

SYS:OK I hope that you have a good day.

USR:you too.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help?

USR:Hi. I need to check my account for info on my order. I can't seem to remember my dang password though.

SYS:we can reset that if you want

SYS:What is your name?

USR:yes please, my name is Joseph Banter.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:and your username?

USR:it's josephb1

ACT:Details of josephb1 have been entered.

SYS:I also need your PIN

USR:sure its 228108

SYS:great

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Alright, here is your new password - 4k3w4b4blsm

SYS:please change it so something else memorable asap!

USR:ok thank you, i will try it now.

SYS:is there anything else?

USR:no thanks

SYS:have a good day!

<|endoftext|>USR:hi!

SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:I got a promo code that I keep getting messages that is declared as invalid

SYS:Are you trying to use the promo code now?

USR:I got the code 2 days ago and yes, I am trying to use it now

SYS:Oh no, lets take a look. May I have your full name or account id please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you Crystal, and to verify you just got the code 2 days ago? Would you still please check to make sure the date is still valid?

SYS:Sometimes the codes are expired because they only are issued for 7 days.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Hello Crystal, after checking our system there does appear to be an error on our side.

USR:thanks!

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:I am going to generate a new promo code. Here it is: F^UBY

SYS:Is there anything else I may help you with today?

SYS:You should be able to use this code on your next purchase. If there are no more questiosn, Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I assist you?

USR:hi I am trying to find an out of stock item

SYS:Okay, may I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you. Is there one particular item you are looking for that is out of stock?

USR:it is a tommy hilfiger jacket

USR:Order ID: 7314174038

ACT:A reason of Tommy Hilfiger jacket has been recorded.

SYS:I'll submit a report to the purchasing team so they know they need to restock.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:Is there anything else you need today?

USR:well i need that item delivered

USR:and soon

SYS:No problem! I can place the order for you so that it ships immediately when it comes available again.

SYS:Is it okay to use your credit card that is on file?

USR:yes

USR:that would be perfect

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Jacket was made.

SYS:I have submit the order and it will arrive soon. Can I do anything else for you?

USR:nope we are all done! thanks so much

SYS:You're very welcome. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hello, I would like to see why there seems to be an extra fee added to my order

SYS:Sure, to start could i get your Full name or Account ID please

USR: Crystal Minh

SYS:Sorry i will need both and the order ID

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:728WIO1MSX, 7398300240

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:Order has been updated with Remove fee.

SYS:Okay looks like that fee was a mistake on our end

SYS:I have went ahead and removed that from the order

USR:Ok, great

SYS:Is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:Thank you

USR:That is all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:I need to return my item

SYS:I can help you with that! First, I need your full name or account ID.

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:thanks

SYS:Now, I need your username, email, and order ID.

USR:i have a shirt I got that is the wrong color.  My username is alessandrop688

USR:the email is alessandrop688@email.com

USR:the order ID is 3449815119

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, I've validated your purchase. What is your membership level?

USR:silver

USR:I want to return my item

SYS:What was the date of purchase?

USR:2020-01-22

SYS:Perfect! We can make this return. I need your address to do this.

USR:1771 Brushwick Dr Newark, TX 20664

ACT:Details of 1771 Brushwick Dr Newark, TX 20664 have been entered.

USR:ok

SYS:How would you like your return processed?

SYS:We can do it by mail, in store, or at a drop off center.

USR:by debit

USR:in store

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

USR:thanks

SYS:Great, your return has been processed. Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Have a great day! :)

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

SYS:hello?

USR:Hi

USR:So I want to check the status of my order

SYS:Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that. May I have your name please?

USR:it seems like there is a mistake in the syste

USR:system*

USR:because I only ordered one item

SYS:ok, lets see if we can straighten that out

USR:but the confirmation email says that I ordered 2

USR:ok thanks

SYS:sure, lets start with your name

USR:My name is Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:ok, thanks, and your account ID and order ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:Order ID: 1060647228

USR:Account ID: ADK45IHKCV

SYS:Great, and your username and email address?

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Mr Domindo?

USR:Domingo

SYS:your username and email address please

SYS:oops sorry!

USR:no problem

USR:so I dont have an email

USR:or my username

USR:seems like I lost them

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:not a problem

SYS:It looks like that email was incorrect - you will only be charged for one item!

SYS:sorry about the mixup!

USR:Oh ok, thats a relief

SYS:Yes! Anything else I can help you with?

USR:I really appreciate you taking the time

USR:no that would be all

USR:thank you

SYS:no problem, happy to help, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:Hi, I was going to ask why the price went up for an item overnight and what you may be willing to do about that. I was going to purchase but my credit card was no where to be found last night

SYS:Okay.

SYS:What is your full name and account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:account id is LIKNV3VG9S

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you Joyce.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your order ID too please?

USR:well i didnt order

USR:cause the price went up

SYS:Prices just go up. I am sorry for that.

USR:can you tell me why this item went up?

USR:Product: Jeans  Brand: Guess  Amount: $99

SYS:Our algorithms will drastically change prices based on demand.

USR:well that stinks, i may have to go elsewhere.

USR:thanks I guess.

SYS:I can offer you a promo could if you lie?

SYS:like*

USR:that would be nice

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:IJN4J

SYS:I hope that helps. I am sorry about all this.

USR:Thank you

USR:i appreciate it

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Well, I'm trying to do some shopping but the website is sooooo slow!

SYS:Okay sorry about that, could you stary by logging out then logging back in on the website

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Let me try, one moment

USR:That didn't help,

SYS:Okay, could you check other websites are working fine

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Sure let me look

USR:Facebook is working fine...

ACT:The Website Team has been notified.

SYS:Okay, i have notified our website team that they are having issues. In the meantime if you have a purchase in mind i could make it for you

USR:Thats fine. I think I will just try later on.

SYS:Okay, sorry about the issue and have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi there. I placed an order for some jeans and they just got here and they're the wrong color.

SYS:I am sorry to hear that. I take it you would like to initiate a return then? Can I get your full name please?

USR:Yes I would please and certainly my name is Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Alright. To pull up your order I need your username, the email tied to your account, and the order number.

USR:Alright in order, sanyaa00, sanyaa00@email.com, and lastly 5698553546

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, and what membership level are you?

USR:Bronze

USR:Such a shame they were the wrong color, i didn't know jeans could be purple. If they weren't for work I'd have kept them.

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:Yeah, I could see that opening some eyes at work

SYS:I take it that the purchase was made in the last 90 days?

USR:Just a few, maybe next halloween party. And yes it was.

SYS:Alright, I am getting your return all set up. To process it, I will need your full address next.

USR:Sure thing it's 2147 Lincoln Ave  La Fayette, TX 36799

SYS:Last, how would you like to process the return?

USR:Over mail okay?

SYS:We can do by mail, store returns, or a drop off box

SYS:sure

ACT:Details of  2147 Lincoln Ave La Fayette, TX 36799 have been entered.

USR:Sweet, as much as my wife would laugh at me taking it to the store, maybe mail is safest

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Sure thing. You are all set on the return

USR:Awesome thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I think that's everything thank you so much

SYS:No problem at all. You have a great rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi I would like a refund

SYS:I can help you with that. May I have your full name and account ID?

SYS:And to clarify, have you already received and returned the items? Or you have not received your order yet?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:No it hasnt shipped yet

SYS:I will need your username, email address, and the order ID to find you in the system.

USR:crystalminh216

USR:crystalminh216@email.com

USR:1204476727

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Alright, so if you know your account ID I can do a refund to either your credit card or directly to your account. Otherwise, it will be a refund by paper check or gift card.

USR:I dont know it. Paper check is fine

SYS:May I have your full mailing address then? And the dollar amount for your refund.

USR:9653 1st Ave  San Lima, TX 87341

USR:79

ACT:Details of 9653 1st Ave San Lima, TX 87341 have been entered.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $79.

SYS:Okay, you should receive that check within 7 business days. Is there anything else I can do for you?

ACT:A reason of Paper check has been recorded.

USR:Nope thats all. Thanks

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:HI! I received a promo code for my birthday but when I try to use it, it says invalid.

SYS:OK. Let me investigate.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thanks Norman, I have pulled up your ccount.

SYS:How long ago was the promo code issued?

USR:around 10 days

SYS:OK.

USR:oh sorry 9

USR:9 days

SYS:Ok. Let me check our system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Thank you for being a valued bronze member.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Please use promo code RCG80

SYS:It will replace the old expired one

USR:oh thank you

USR:Appreciate that

SYS:You're welcome. Anything else I can help with?

USR:I am good for now

USR:Thanks

<|endoftext|>USR:Hey my credit card keeps getting rejected, what's the deal?

USR:Hello?

USR:Anybody there? I need some help with this issue ASAP

SYS:Hello, let me look into your issue!

USR:Great, take your time please! Thank you!

SYS:Can you try logging out of your account and logging back in please?

USR:Okay, let me give that the old college try here.

USR:Hmm, it's still not going through. I don't understand, I definitely have the funds available.

SYS:That's not good! Can you double check the expiration date to make sure it is still valid?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Oh, that's it! Yes!

USR:It expired last year, how silly of me.

USR:I'll have to go ahead and update that there, correct?

SYS:Yes, you will. Once you enter a valid card, it should go through. Feel free to contact us again if it still doesn't work!

USR:Beautiful, thanks a bundle! You're a delight to speak with,

USR:I really mean that.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with!

USR:No, that's it thank you!

SYS:Have a wonderful day

USR:You too, thanks again.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:Hello. I am having trouble with an order I made.

SYS:Okay I can help you with that. Can I get your name first?

USR:My name is Joseph Banter. I need to change the address on my account

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you, Joseph. So you need to change your address?

USR:It looks like the street number is off

USR:Yes.

SYS:Perfect! Can I get the current address on the account?

USR:6064 Lexington Ave  Raleigh, TX 68248

ACT:A reason of 6064 Lexington Ave Raleigh, TX 68248 has been recorded.

USR:It should be 6065 not 6064

SYS:Thank you. I will just need to verify your identity first. Can I get your zip code, phone number, and PIN number please?

USR:Sure. my zip is  68248, ph # is (995) 369-6397, and PIN is 958015

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great! You're all verified. Alright so it should be 6065 Lexington Ave correct?

USR:That is correct.

ACT:Account has been updated with 6065 Lexington Ave.

SYS:Okay I have that address all changed for you.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:That is all.

SYS:Thank you and have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hi, my item was supposed to arrive 5 days ago and it never came. I want to check the shipping status on it.

SYS:Okay sure, could i get your full name, username email adress and order ID please

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:Username: safzal99

USR:safzal99@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4479498662

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay it looks like your order is still scheduled to arrive on time. If it has not arrived a week after you ordered it then contact us again since it has been lost.

USR:Oh okay, I'll wait a couple more days then. Thank you for the help

SYS:No problem, have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands, how can I help today?

USR:Hi there I'd like to know about the width of the tommy hilfiger boots

SYS:Sure, let me take a look for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:The boots wecarry are generally wider, they follow the U.S. system but have an extra 1/6 inch in width.  If you have any concerns over sizing, you can purchase and take advantage of our free returns if they do not fit.

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how2) was selected.

USR:Ok, that's perfect. Thank you!

USR:That's all I needed to know

SYS:Great, thank you and have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I wanted to check on the status or an order I made

USR:It said that it was shipped out on March 3rd, over a month ago, but I never received it

SYS:Oh no I do apologize for this.

SYS:May I have your full name or account id?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you may I please have your username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:UMTO46MKWB

USR:crystalm011@email.com

USR:2362435005

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:May I have your username please?

USR:crystalm011

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you Crystal and you stated about 30 days correct?

USR:yes, over 30 days

ACT:A reason of 30 has been recorded.

SYS:I am going to place a new order with free overnight shipping. May I have your address please?

USR: 0144 Primrose Ave  Raleigh, WA 88278

ACT:Details of 0144 Primrose Ave Raleigh, WA 88278 have been entered.

SYS:What was the item in the order?

USR:its the Guess Jeans

ACT:Order has been updated with  0144 Primrose Ave Raleigh, WA 88278.

ACT:A purchase of Guess Jeans was made.

SYS:I went ahead made the purchase, the order should arrive tomorrow. Is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:that's it thanks so much!

SYS:Your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I would like to view my shopping history but forgot my user name?

SYS:That's frustrating! To get you back into your account I will need 3 of the following: full name; ZIP code; email address; phone number.

USR:Joseph Banter, 27122, JosephB@gmail.com, and 711-867-1871

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Looks like your username is jbanter1

SYS:Did you need help looking up your shopping history?

USR:No, I think I can do that.  Thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with at the moment?

USR:No, thanks for your help!

SYS:Have a great day, let us know if you are still having trouble getting into your account!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello!

SYS:How may I help you?

USR:i want to check the status of my account because i have a shipping question

SYS:Okay.

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID Please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:I dont know my account ID

SYS:That is okay. Thank you.

SYS:What question do you have?

USR:I want to find out if my account includes free shipping from out of country

SYS:Okay. What level membership do you have?

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:I'm a Guest

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:There is no free shipping for out of the country for a guest.

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search pricing

USR:Oh.

USR:Which membership level does free shipping apply to

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I will send you a link that will allow you to see what levels provide free shipping and you can pick what suits your needs the best.

USR:Okay. Thanks

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:That will be all

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I help you?

USR:Hi. I was trying to check on an order but I can't access my account. I can't remember my password for the life of me.

SYS:Sorry, I'd be glad to help. Can I have your full name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thanks, and Ms. Zhang what is your user name?

USR:I don't have one. I have a pin number, would that help.

SYS:Can I have your zip code and phone number?

USR:zip is 92336 and phone is 870-112-4154

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, I was able to verify your identity.

SYS:Your username is czhang1

ACT:Details of czhang1 have been entered.

USR:Can you see my order?

SYS:Now I need your PIN to generate a new password for you

USR: 687970

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Here you are fxm0plhyyre

USR:Awesome, thank you so much!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is everything. I appreciate your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you?

USR:Hi I want to manage your shipping details because my situation has changed

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that

SYS:Which details did you wish to change?

USR:My shipping address

SYS:Okay, and is this for an existing order, or do you just want to change the address on your account for the future?

USR:Just on my account for the future

SYS:Okay, this will only take a moment

SYS:May I ask for your full name and the address that is currently on your account (the old address)

USR:Name: Joyce Wu

USR:Address: 5707 Lexington Ave  Raleigh, MI 2552

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:A reason of 5707 Lexington Ave has been recorded.

SYS:There we are.  And before I can update that address, I'll need to gather some information from you for security purposes

SYS:any two of the following items will suffice:

SYS:Telephone number, PIN number, Username, password, email address, and/or the Order ID of a previous purchase

USR:Phone Number: (393) 891-8147

USR:Username: joycew79

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, and what would you like your new address to be?

USR:5717 Lexington Ave  Raleigh, MI 2552

ACT:Account has been updated with 5717 Lexington Ave Raleigh, MI 2552.

SYS:Okay, you're all set.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No but thank you

SYS:You're welcome.  Have a great day, Ms Wu

<|endoftext|>SYS:HI, how can I help you?

USR:Yes, im looking on my account and i see that i was charged for a order that i never bought

SYS:Okay, can I have your name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Can I have your username, email address, and order ID please

USR:yes normanb3, email is normanb3@email.com and order id is 9877391426

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:How much were you charged?>

USR:$59

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $59.00.

SYS:Okay, your account has been updated and refunded.

USR:okay, thank you for your help

SYS:Is there anything else I cna do for you?

USR:that will be all

SYS:Have a nive day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

USR:Can you answer a question for me?

SYS:Hello, thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

SYS:Sure, what's your question?

USR:I am beginning an important new job soon

USR:And I need tons of professional clothes for the job

USR:I am thinking of buying them on your site

USR:I might want a premium membership

USR:Can you tell me the benefits of a premium membership"

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:Hello?

SYS:Sure! Our top level, Gold, has all of the benefits of the lower levels which include being invited to the annual holiday extravaganza with open bar and free flights from anywhere in the US, savings on shipping fees and promo codes. Agents can make pu

SYS:I'm sorry, it cut off.

USR:Wow that sounds great

SYS:Agents can make purchases for you and you can cancel orders at any time. You would also be allowed as many refunds as you want and be given the benefit of the doubt in transactions.

SYS:Do you have any other questions?

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

USR:So that is all of the benefits?

SYS:Yes, that's all of them.

USR:of Gold?

SYS:Right.

USR:And what about silver?

SYS:Silver gets everything above except unlimited refunds and being given the benefit of the doubt in transactions. That just means we'll have to double check things, which can take a little more time.

USR:oh okay

USR:Well that's good to know

USR:and what about bronze?

SYS:Bronze only gets the savings on shipping fees and promo codes. All levels are invited to the annual holiday party with an open bar and free flights from anywhere in the United States.

USR:Cool great

USR:That's all of the questions I had

USR:These benefits sound really good

SYS:They are pretty great!

SYS:If you have anything else you need, don't hesitate to contact us again.

<|endoftext|>USR:I would like to keep my premium subscription and ready to pay my remaining balance to activate the subscription

SYS:Ok

USR:ok

USR:Helloe?

SYS:Can you tell me your name, your an account ID, and an order ID?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

USR:HUHKL4SNUR

USR:2390420958

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:How much do you want to pay now?

USR:The remaining balance on my account to activate the subscription

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Ok, that would be $14

USR:Okay

SYS:Do you have a credit card number you would like to use?

USR:I would like to use the card that is on file

SYS:Ok

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Your subscription has been renewed

USR:Okay, thank you for all your help today that was all i needed

SYS:Ok, if there's nothing else I can do today I'll end this chat

USR:Thats everything

USR:ok

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:yes I filed a refund earlier, but would like to add another item

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:Sure, it's Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:thanks, Sanya.

SYS:Can you tell me the reason for the new refund?

USR:the shirt came with a hole in it

SYS:got it. To verify your purchase, can I have your username, email address and order id please?

USR:If possible I would like to add this to my current refund request, though I don't know the state of that one

USR:oops, lemme get you that info

USR:username is sanyaa32, email is sanyaa32@email.com

USR:and Order ID:is 0316000722

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Which brand and type of item you want to return?

USR:A Tommy Hilfiger shirt for $94

ACT:A reason of Tommy Hilfiger shirt  has been recorded.

SYS:How much is your old refund?

USR:$100 originally

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $194.

SYS:A total amount of $194 refund has been updated.

USR:Awesome!

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No, that's is everything. thank you.

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may i help you?

USR:I am trying to log into my account and seem to have forgotten my password

SYS:ah, i see, i can assist in recovering your password today

SYS:can i have your full name to pull up your account

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:and i will also need your username

USR:joycew85

ACT:Details of joycew85 have been entered.

SYS:now to confirm your identity i need either

SYS:your pin number

USR:699676

SYS:or, the answer to your secret question which is, what is your mothers maiden name

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:thanks

SYS:your new password is 7gczq4mqtf

USR:Thank you!

SYS:is there anything else i can help with?

USR:Nope that is all

SYS:have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hello! I am thinking of buying an item but seems like I can't put it in my cart.

USR:What to do?

USR:Thanks

SYS:Sorry about that, could you try refreshing the page and putting the item in your cart  again

USR:Ok.. let me try

USR:No, still won't update my cart

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Okay, next could you try logging out and logging back in on your account and try again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Sorry, still doesn't work

SYS:Okay, could you check if the item is in stock it would say so at the bottom left corner of the page

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:yes... I can see that

USR:yeah.. it is out of stock

USR:sorry for the trouble

USR:Should have seen that

SYS:No problem, is there anything else i can help you with today?

USR:That's all

USR:Thanks

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:i changed my mind about this shirt. can I get a refund?

USR:i don't think it has shipped yet

SYS:Why did you want a refund?

SYS:I will help you out with this!

USR:I just don't want it anymore. I think I shuldn't spend the money

USR:your clothes are not exactly cheap & times are so uncertain

SYS:Okay, can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:um. i don't see that information

SYS:Okay, can I get your username, email, and order ID?

USR:normanbouchard680

USR:normanbouchard680@email.com

USR:9093675129

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How did you want the refund processed?

USR:i purchased it via PayPal

USR:but I really don't care

USR:I imagine I will spend the money some time

SYS:Okay, how about I add the value to your account?

USR:sure

ACT:Details of add value have been entered.

SYS:How much was the order for?

USR:$89

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $89.

SYS:Great. I refunded the $89 to your account for future purchases!

USR:thx

SYS:Anything else?

USR:that is all

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:Hello, I need to get into my account but I forgot my password

SYS:You want to recover your password?

USR:yes please

SYS:Okay can I please get your full namel

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Okay, I found your account. Now I need your username.

USR:rd147633

ACT:Details of rd147633 have been entered.

SYS:I cannot get your password but I can generate you a new one for that I need your pin number.

USR:My security anser is Livingston

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:That works . I made you a new password. fnhsi036zz5

SYS:do you need anymore help.

USR:Thank you

USR:that is all

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I assist you today?

USR:Hello, I need to check the status of my order as the delivery time is wrong and needs to be changed

SYS:Can I have your full name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thanks, can you be more specific about what you mean by the wrong delivery time?

USR:I wanted it out for delivery for next weekend

SYS:Okay, were you informed about the delivery via email?

USR:Yes

SYS:Can I have your account and order IDs please?

USR: 9AGNH3CQBM, 2144462945

SYS:Can I also have your username and email address?

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:9AGNH3CQBM is my account if

USR:id

SYS:Do you have your username?

SYS:I will also need your email address to locate your purchase.

USR:chloezhang4587@email.com

USR:chloezhang4587

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, I found your order.

SYS:Let me see what seems to have happened... Just a moment pleae.

USR:ok

SYS:Did the email say you'd get the delivery earlier than this weekend?

USR:Yes it did

SYS:Okay, thanks for that.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I just checked and it look like you are still set to receive your order this weekend.

SYS:Does that help?

USR:yes thank you

SYS:Great!

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:that is all

SYS:Okay. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I need to return and item because its the wrong size

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:thanks Norman.

USR:yw

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:To validate your purchase, can I have your username, email address and order id please?

USR:nb235

USR:whoops

USR:nb235309

USR:nb235309@email.com

USR:3251695912

USR:I bought if for my dad but it does not fit

USR::(

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Sorry about that.

USR:ty

SYS:I need your membership level to check for return, please.

USR:gold

SYS:Perfect, give me a second.

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:Gold members get unlimited returns!

USR:yay

SYS:I need your full address for printing out a shipping label for the return.

SYS:Hi, are you there?

USR:Yes

USR:6490 woodshore st

USR:san lima TX 45187

SYS:thanks Norman.

USR:Thank you for your help today

ACT:Details of 6490 woodshore st san lima TX 45187 have been entered.

SYS:How would you like to process your return?

SYS:by mail, in store or drop off center?

USR:by mail

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Perfect, you can print out the shipping label and go ahead with the return.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:no that was all

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:thank you for your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how are you today?

USR:Every time I search for an item I get 0 results being returned, I don't know why it is happening

SYS:Hmm, let me look for some solutions for you.

USR:okay

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you try logging out of your account and back in again?

USR:okay, I tried same thing still

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Have you tried clearing your cookies?

USR:Okay, that worked for me, thank you for all your help today

SYS:Great, you're welcome!

SYS:You have a great day :)

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:I want to purchase something but my credit card keeps getting rejected

SYS:OK. I can help.

SYS:It says your card is invalid on the website?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Please try entering the information again. Let me know if it worked.

USR:Okay I tried it again and it still didn't work

SYS:OK

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Please log out and log back in. Let me know if that works.

USR:I tired that and it still didn't work

SYS:Ok.

SYS:Please double check the expiration date. Let me know.

USR:Yeah I think that may be the problem!

SYS:Great! Anything else I can help with?

USR:I think that's all. Thank you for your time.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I can't seem to find the date that the annual sale ends on your website. Do you have it?

USR:I am thinking of buying clothes so I would appreciate a good discount.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

SYS:The annual sale occurs during the early months of the year usually during the last week of January. This year, the annual sale started on January 23rd and ended on January 31st. If you missed it this time around, please make sure to subscribe to our

USR:Thank you so much for the information!

SYS:Can I do anything else for you?

USR:nothing else...thank you....have a good day!

SYS:Thanks yo too

<|endoftext|>USR:Credit cards getting invalidated on the website.

SYS:hi, how can I help?

SYS:OK.  i have some suggestions for you

SYS:first, will you please re-enter your cc details?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:i just did it, didn't work.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:and the date on your credit card - is it still current?

USR:yes

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

SYS:please log out & log in to your account

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:wow, it just worked! Thanks for the help.

SYS:antiime. thanks for asking.

SYS:is there anything else?

USR:no

SYS:good bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there! What can I do for you today?

USR:Hi! Can you check the status of my refund?

SYS:Sure! What is your full name, please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Thank you, Alessandro. While I pull up your account, can you please send me your username and email so that I can validate things?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:alessandrophoenix838

USR:alessandrophoenix838@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And lastly, your order ID, please?

USR:8718602839

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Good news!

SYS:Your refund has just been marked as complete. I'm showing that you initiated it online, and you should be seeing it back on your original payment method soon.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:oh great, thank you!

USR:that's it

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Sanya Afzal.  I would like to shop on your website today,  but it seems to be running really slow.  Can you fix this?

SYS:There are a few things we can try. First, can you log out of your account and right back in? Sometimes that clears it up.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I logged out and logged back in, and am still having the same problem.

SYS:Okay. What happens when you try another website? How is that website's speed?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Other websites are running at normal speed.

SYS:Okay. Can you try closing all of the other tabs and programs that are running? Sometimes things running in the background can slow things down.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok.  I closed all the other tabs and programs and now it seems to be running normally.  Thanks for the advice.

SYS:Great! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, can I help you with something?

USR:I'm having this crazy frustrating issue with your site. Every time I add something to my order, the shopping cart doesn't update. Can you help?

SYS:Yes.  Have you tried logging in and out yet?

USR:Yeah, first thing I tried!

SYS:Refresh the page and try to add it again, please.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Well dang, refreshing fixed it!

USR:Thanks a lot for that.

SYS:That's great!  Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Nah, all good!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I need to fix the name on my account because it isn't spelled right.

SYS:Sure, no problem. Can I please have your full name or account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you

SYS:And is this the current name on your account?

USR:currently it is Norman Bouchard

USR:but it should be Norman Bouchardi

SYS:Thank you

ACT:A reason of Norman Bouchard has been recorded.

SYS:Before I can change your name, I am required to verify your identity. Can you please tell me your zip code, phone number, and PIN number?

USR:59478, (893) 510-7037, 856531

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been updated with Norman Bouchardi.

SYS:I've successfully updated your name to Norman Bouchardi.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no thank you very much

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I need to make a returen

USR:return

SYS:Sure, may I ask the reason?

USR:there is a stain of the item

SYS:Sorry for this, could I get your name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thanks, Crystal. I'll also need your Username, Email, and Order ID.

USR:crystalminh750@email.com

USR:crystalminh750

USR:Order ID: 0061701008

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay, and may I know your membership level?

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Thank you, when was the purchase date?

USR:2019-11-24

SYS:Okay, we can get this returned for you right away. I'll need an address for the shipping label.

USR:4890 Kennedy St  Monterey, NY 36875

ACT:Details of 4890 Kennedy St Monterey, NY 36875 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, would you like to send it back by mail, in store, or at a drop-off location?

USR:in store

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

SYS:Okay, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:no thats all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, How can I help you?

USR:Hi!

USR:I am Albert Sanders

USR:I want to see what I have ordered in my history

USR:But I don't remember my username

SYS:Nice to hear from you! I will be happy to help you with that!

SYS:I will need you zip code and email or phone number please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:68144

USR:(120) 141-7144

SYS:Or your phone number if that is easier

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:I found your account. Your username is asanders1

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Perfec!

USR:That is all thank you

SYS:oh good. Hope you have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:I have a question about my account

SYS:Sure thing, what is your question?

USR:I signed up for the premium subscription but I was just checking my account and I don't see the credits from my last purchase

USR:so I wanted to see what's going on

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Let's try checking your acocunt to see if anything is wrong.

SYS:Can I please have your Full name or Account ID in order to pull up your account?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you David. I was able to pull up your account. And the problem was that it appears you have a missing credit from a previous purchase correct?

USR:yes

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

SYS:One moment while I check with the system to see what might have happened.

USR:With what I bought in my last order I should have credits about $40

USR:ok

SYS:Thank you for that information.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like there was an error on our part and the credit wasn't processed properly. Let's go ahead and get a code for $40 so we can get that on your account ASAP,

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:ok great

SYS:Alright, the promo code for you to use is: AR1N8

USR:ok got it

SYS:I'm glad we were able to resolve the issue for you.

SYS:Was there anything else I could do for you today?

USR:that's it thanks so much

SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrand. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I can't get into my account because I set it up for 2 factor authentication and I don't have that phone anymore.

SYS:I can help you reset that. Could I get your name, please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thanks, Joyce. I'll need the email on the account to send instructions to reset the two-factor authorization.

USR:jwu66413@email.com

ACT:Details of jwu66413@email.com have been entered.

SYS:I'll right, I'll send the reset email now.

USR:Ok, got it.

SYS:You should also review this link of best security practices.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Let me make sure I can sign in real quick

SYS:Sure

USR:Ok, it worked. Thanks! That's all I needed

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:Hi, I am doing fine thank you

SYS:What can I help you with?

USR:my credit card keep getting rejected at your store for some reason, it works at other places

SYS:I'm sorry! I can help you try some ideas that might help fix the problem.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:First, you can try logging out and back in again.

USR:that did not work

SYS:The credit card is not expired, correct?

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:no, it is not

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just used it a couple of days ago in fact

SYS:And you have tried ordering the item multiple times?

USR:yes

SYS:Strange, I'm sorry I'm not sure what the problem is! I can go ahead and make the purchase for you. What is the item you would like?

USR:Product: Shirt Brand: Tommy_Hilfiger Amount: $59

USR:I don't want you to make the purchase for me though

SYS:Thank you, and what is your credit card number and expiration date?

USR:I want to be able to buy the item myself

USR:with a solution to use my credit card

USR:as it should be

USR:if your system does not work or have issues, you should fix it or lose customer

SYS:Oh ok, well I don't have any other solutions for you. You will have to contact your credit card company to see if something is wrong on their end.

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:it is not likely as my credit card has been working at every other places

USR:no, you did not help me at all so saying anything else you can help me with is incorrect

SYS:Hmm, well again, I apologize. There is nothing else I can do unless you'd like you to make the purchase.

USR:I would like me to make the purchase, what are you saying?  that is why I said I wanted to get the issue fix so I can make the purchase myself as I have alwasy done with most of my purchase, you make no sense, can I complain to your supervisor

SYS:You'd like me, sorry my mistake.

SYS:No, my supervisor is unavailable.

USR:I think you may have cost your store not just a purchase but a customer for a long term

USR:What do you mean I'd like you?

USR:you make no sense

SYS:Well we are sorry to lose you. You have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help?

USR:I have a question about my account

SYS:sure thing, what about the account?

USR:I returned an item over a month ago but I still don't see the refund

SYS:So you want to check the status of that refund correct?

USR:that's right

SYS:Can I start with the full name to bring up the account?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Can I also have the username, email address and order id?

USR:sanyaafzal478

USR:sanyaafzal478@email.com

USR:1872090091

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great I was able to validate that purchase, now let me check on the status of that.

SYS:It seems to be listed as in progress.

USR:so what does that mean?

USR:how long will it take?

SYS:As it was a month ago, I will go ahead and take care of it.

USR:oh ok greaet

USR:great

SYS:it seems it was initiated online correct?

USR:yes

SYS:I am seeing here it should be done processing tomorrow.

SYS:Sorry about that wait.

USR:thanks for your help!

SYS:Anything else I can help with?

USR:that's it

SYS:have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:hey there

SYS:hi, how can I help you?

USR:it looks like ive been charged twice for my subscription

SYS:oh dear, let me check on that for you. What is your name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:thanks. And, your account & order ID please?

USR:JNPTUHDKUJ  9002889313

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Silver

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:How much is the charge?

USR:49

SYS:And what should it have been?

USR:49

USR:I got charged 2 times

SYS:Oh right. sorry

USR:no prob

SYS:I am only authorized to offer our Silver members a refund of $10

USR:no way

SYS:yeah that doesn't sound fair to me either

USR:whatever i guess... that really stinks but I guess you can only do what you can do

USR:I will take the refund, 10 is better than nothing

SYS:well if you like, I will put in a note to our team to take another look at that

USR:sure

SYS:yes, let me at least put that through for you

USR:thanks

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $10.

SYS:it is the least I can do.

SYS:I appreciate your understanding

USR:i appreciate it

USR:no prob

SYS:sorry that I couldn't get the whole amount for you!

SYS:thanks

SYS:you are the best

USR::)

SYS:is there anything else?

USR:thats all

USR:ty

SYS:hope you have a good day

USR:u 2

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I wanted to know what was happening with my refund.

SYS:Okay, let me check on that.

SYS:Could I get your name or account ID?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:So you've already initiated a refund and want to check on its status right?

USR:Yes. I'm wanting to order something else and want to make sure my refund is on there.

SYS:I'll just need your username, email address and order ID please.

USR:chloezhang415

USR:Chloezhang415@email.com

USR:Order ID: 3771997660

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

USR:My refund should be $100. I want to make sure I have that before ordering this jacket for $59.

SYS:I'm glad to tell you that your refund is complete and will be payed online.

USR:Oh, great, thank you so much for all your help.

SYS:That was the method that you used to initiate the refund, are you okay with that method?

USR:Yes!

SYS:Great, can I help with anything else?

USR:That was it. Thanks so much.

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi there, I recently placed an order for a shirt and it looks like I was charged an extra fee.

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:And your Account and Order ID's?

USR:Account ID: 45IULRCAQY

USR:Order ID: 0280737978

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay let me check the system about all this.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Can I have your membership level?

USR:I'm a guest

USR:Is there any other info I can provide you with?

SYS:One moment please!

USR:Ok, thank you

SYS:Well I'm sorry to say this, but because you're a guest we can't offer you a refund for this regardless of the issue.

SYS:Most likely there was a surge in pricing of some sort you didn't notice

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

USR:So, you can just over charge me because I'm "only a guest"

SYS:I'm sorry it's part of company policy.

USR:Then I want to return the item\

SYS:How long ago did you purchase it?

USR:I just received it so about a week ago

SYS:Okay, can I have your username, email, and Order ID?

USR:Here's is this again...Order ID: 0280737978

USR:chloe.z@gmail.com

USR:username chloeZ

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And again, you're a guest?

USR:Correct

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Can I have your full address so I can input it into the shipping label I'm going to email you?

USR:Address: 7546 Lexington Ave  La Fayette, TX 52532

ACT:Details of 7546 Lexington Ave La Fayette, TX 52532 have been entered.

SYS:And would you like to return this by mail, in store or at a drop off center?

SYS:Hello?

USR:mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Well the email should be sent with all the instructions you'll need to follow

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that should be it for today, thanks

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello! I cant seem to get into my account. I forgot my password and cant find a link on the website to do it

SYS:Ok, I can help you with that

USR:awesome!

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Great, can I have your Username

USR:I dont know that either :(

SYS:No problem

USR:I have a pin number for my account i wrote down though!

SYS:that will help

USR:can i share that with you or is it secret?

SYS:You can keep your PIN secret for now.  I just need your zip code, phone and email

SYS:Two of those will be enough

USR: (385) 654-4375

USR:WA 70902

USR:and my email is czAAAAAANG@me.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you

USR:Thank you :D

SYS:Okay your Username is czhang1

ACT:Details of  czhang1 have been entered.

USR:excellent, if i use that to log in will it prompt me to redo my password?

USR:.retre

USR:.bobr

USR:sorry about that!

SYS:No, I will help you reset the password here first

SYS:No problem

SYS:Okay, to reset your password I will need the PIN you were talking about earlier.

USR:but you just told me to keep it secret! all this online stuff is so confusing. 755208

SYS:Yes it is! You can change the PIN after we are done if you want it to be a secret again.

ACT:A password has been generated.

USR:I trust you, you seem like a good person.

SYS:Thank you! Ok here is your new password:

SYS:aj61rilw14f

SYS:Now you should be able to log in

USR:thats gonna be a fun one to remember! Thank you so much for helping me.

SYS:Your welcome! you might want to change to an easier password. Have a great day

USR:You too!

SYS:Good bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I have a full cart right now. But wondering if I qualify for free shipping.

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:thanks Joseph.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Just a second, please.

USR:Thank you.

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:Great, Bronze members can save on shipping fees

USR:Perfect, I will go ahead and place my order.

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:What is your pre-tax cost?

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question4) was selected.

USR:274.00

SYS:Great your items qualify for free shipping with five business days of shipping time. Does that sound good?

USR:Sounds good to me. I will place my order.

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Nothing at this time.Thank you.

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:I would like to check my account about an order but I lost the phone number I used for the two-factor authentication

SYS:Sure! I can help with that

SYS:Can I have your name?

USR:dw254568

SYS:That is your name?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you and what is your email address

USR:dw254568@email.com

ACT:Details of dw254568@email.com have been entered.

SYS:In order to reset your account, I will email you a code to reset your account access

USR:Okay

SYS:I suggest reseting your password asap. I am also sending you a link about best security practices

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist with today>

USR:Perfect thank you for your time. That is all.

SYS:You're Welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:Hi!

USR:I would like to check the status of my account please

USR:I wanted to know if my account has free international shipping

SYS:Absolutely. Can I get your name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you, Chloe. Let me look into that quickly.

USR:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Unfortunately your account does not offer international shipping.

SYS:In the future if you have questions about your subscription you can look at the FAQ page at the following link.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Oh okay

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:That is all. Thank you

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:I would like to know what would happen if i cancel my subscription

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Sure one moment while I pull something up.

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question3) was selected.

SYS:You can cancel whenever you please. It will not be charged for the next month.

SYS:You retain benefits until the end of the month.

USR:Okay, thank you for the information

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:that will be everything

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may I help you?

USR:Hi Id like to confirm my shipping address

SYS:Sure, may I have your full name, email, username and order ID to verify?

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:Email Address: cminh032@email.com

USR:Username: cminh032

USR:Order ID: 2970248506

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you, to be clear: You want to change your address because you believe it's not correct in your account/orders?

USR:Yes

SYS:Okay! What is your current address?

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:5374 1st Ave  Newark, MI 86706

ACT:A reason of 5374 1st Ave Newark, MI 86706 has been recorded.

SYS:What address do you want to show up on the account now?

USR:5374 2nd Ave  Newark, MI 86706

ACT:Account has been updated with 5374 2nd Ave Newark, MI 86706.

SYS:It has been confirmed. Anything else today?

USR:thats all

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Search is taking too long.  All I'm seeing is a spinning wheel in the search bar

SYS:Sorry about that, first could you try logging out and logging back in then searching again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:O.k. I did that, and it's still just spinning away. NO search bar function

SYS:Okay next could you try clearing your cookies

SYS:click on settings more details and you shhould see the option there

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I found it.  That seems to have worked.  It looks like the search bar is working now.

SYS:Okay great, is there anything else i can help you with today

USR:That's all I needed.  Thank you so much.

SYS:No problem, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:How much do I have to buy before I get free shipping?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

USR:I've got a $59 Guess shirt I'm getting for my son, and I want to see if it's included with that. Social Security doesn't pay that much, you know?

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Yes, you will get free shipping

USR:Aw, that's great news. That's what I was hoping to hear.

USR:You just made my day!

SYS:$25.00 is what you need for free shipping

USR:Okay, definitely over that. That's good news.

SYS:Great!  Anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that was it. Thanks so very much.

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:Ok

USR:Bye now

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Hello, Thank you for contacting us how may I help you?

USR:i cannot access my account because my forgot your username.

SYS:I should be able to help with that. Let's get your username recovered.

USR:my username

USR:ok thanks

SYS:Can I have your full name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you Joseph. I'll need a little more information from you.  At least two of the following: Zip Code, Email and Phone number.

USR:josephb1@email.com

USR:(926) 196-6911

USR:TX 190

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, Alright. Your username is jbanter1.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:only thanks

SYS:Have a great day and thanks for shopping with us!

USR:have a great day too

<|endoftext|>USR:I want to check the status of my account, for some reason my subscription was removed.

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that.

SYS:To get started, can I get your full name or account id?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Let me check your subscription status.

USR:Alright, thanks.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:The system shows that your subscription is not active, because there is an amount due of $14. The due date is three days from now.

USR:So if I go ahead and pay that everything will be fine?

USR:Can I do that now then.

SYS:Yes, sure.

USR:What do you need to process the payment then?

SYS:I need verify your identity.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Can you spell your full name again? The system shows full name failed.

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

SYS:Do you have a credit card number?

USR:84328372154

ACT:Details of 84328372154 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Great, your subscription status has been updated. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?

USR:No, that was all i needed thanks.

SYS:wonderful, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hi. I placed an order but I need to remove the second item. I think I accidentally chose the wrong size.

USR:I didn't actually mean to order it.

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that

SYS:So that I can take a look at your account, may I gather some information from you first?

USR:sure

SYS:I'll just need your full name, username, email address, and the order ID

USR:ok, it's Alessandro Phoenix, I don't know my username, my email is aphoenix@email.com and the order id is 5349728221

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Okay, I can recover your username for you, this'll just take a second

USR:ok thanks

SYS:may I just ask for either your zip code or your phone number

USR:sure, my zip code is 47714

SYS:thanks

SYS:okay, it looks like your user name is aphoenix1

USR:ok so can you take the 2nd item off of my order?

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Yes, I can get to that now

SYS:How would you like the value to be refunded?  To your credit card, by paper check, gift card, or just added to your account?

USR:back to my card is fine

ACT:A reason of credit card has been recorded.

SYS:Okay, I'll send that to you.  To finalize the transaction, I'll just need your account ID, and the dollar value of the item you wanted to remove from the order

USR:ok, the boots cost 64 dollars and my account id is W9OYHTN7WW

ACT:Details of W9OYHTN7WW have been entered.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $64.

SYS:Okay, Mr Phoenix, you're all set.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nope that is it, thanks

SYS:Glad to hear it.  Have a great day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:I need to check my account but I forgot my usernamw

SYS:I'll be glad to help you with that. May I get your full name, please?

USR:username

USR:My name is Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you, Sanya. To help me verify your identity, would you please provide your zip code, phone number, and email address? Two out of those three options would be fine.

USR:My zip code is  88284 and my phone number is (689) 392-5306

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect, thank you Sanya.

USR:Sure

SYS:I've been able to pull up your username; it's safzal1

USR:Hey that's great!

SYS:You should be able to log in now!

USR:Let me try logging in

USR:Great! It worked. Thanks

SYS:Wonderful! Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:That's it. Thank you so much

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hello

SYS:Hello

USR:I wanted to buy some boots from your site, but the cart is not updating

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you refresh the page and try to add the item to the cart again?

USR:I am doing that

USR:Hmmm.... still doesn't seem to work

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you log out and then log back in to your account and try to add the item to the cart again?

USR:Okay, let me try that

USR:Ahh, I am able to add the boots to my cart now

SYS:That is great.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:That is all today

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:The problem is fixed

USR:Thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:I'd like to get more information on the Guess boots.

USR:I;d especially like to know if they come wtih a warranty.

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

SYS:Ok, I will find out for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:I'd like to know if they come with a warranty.

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Our boots do have a warranty for 12 months from date of purchase.

USR:Oh that's great! Thank you.

SYS:The warranty is for defects in the material and workmanship. Not for normal wear and tear.

SYS:Would you like to know anything else?

USR:No that's it. Thank you for clarification.

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, My name is Crystal Minh

USR:could you check the status of my service subscription?

USR:not sure if it has lapsed.

SYS:Sure, can I get your account ID and order ID?

USR:Account ID: FXTWLHJIYS

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:Order ID: 2314516733

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Our system shows that your subscription is active, and you have a payment of $55 due yesterday

SYS:I can send you a link so you can check this yourself in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:yes that would be great

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Can you charge my card on file for the 55 dollars?

SYS:Sure, one second

ACT:Account has been updated with Renew subscription.

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:It's active again? So I can buy something and use my benefits?

SYS:Yes, it's active and you're up to date on your payments

USR:that's it then!

USR:thank you for your helpt!

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi, I completed a return but my billing statement still doesn't reflect that.

SYS:OK. Let me check.

SYS:There should be a credit on your account?

USR:yes but the charge hasn't been reversed yet.

SYS:OK.

SYS:What is your full name or account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It is a problem with the customer interface. The credit should be there.

SYS:Please log out and back in

USR:O.k. let me try that.

SYS:ok

USR:O.k. I see it now.  Whew.  Thanks for the help

SYS:No problem. Anything else?

USR:that's all, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I was trying to make a purchase but I realized that the item that I want to buy is way overpriced on your site compared to the competition

USR:Its a pair of Guess Jeans

SYS:Oh, I'm sorry to hear that

SYS:May I ask your name before we begin?

USR: Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thanks, Ms Zhang.  And had you already placed an order when you noticed the price difference?

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

USR:no. I wanted to buy it

SYS:Ah, I see

USR:I was going to place an order when I realized the price difference

SYS:Unfortuanately, our prices are determined by an algorithm that sets the price based on many factors, almost all of which are out of my control

USR:But I have been a loyal member and I was hoping you could help me

SYS:Yes, I can see your account history as we speak.  Due to your status with us, I should be able to get you a promo code that will cover the difference for this order

SYS:One moment please

USR:Thank you

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:I appreciate your help

SYS:The code JSU7I should serve your needs

SYS:Sorry about that delay.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thats all. Thank you

SYS:You're welcome.  Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello I'd like to buy something but  cart is not updating when I add the item into it.

SYS:Alright, I would be happy to help you troubleshoot this issue.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Please try logging out and then log back in.

USR:OK I've tried that

SYS:Did it work?

USR:It didn't is there something else I can try

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Try refreshing the page real quick.

USR:I tried that and it worked

USR:thanks

SYS:Great! Will that be all?

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help today?

USR:Tell me more about some Tommy Hilfiger jeans

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:give me some facts

SYS:Do you want to know about care of the jeans, size, or something else?

USR:size

SYS:Okay. We carry jeans in many different widths.

SYS:As for length, we generally have a standard 36 inch inseam.

USR:thank you

SYS:If you don't find the size that you need, please check back at the beginning of next month to see if it is in stock then.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no

SYS:Okay, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I was looking at my invoice and it looks like the shipping rate was incorrect and way to high.  Can you look into that?

SYS:Sure! I can do that for you

SYS:Can I have your name

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Can I have your username, email address and order id

USR:dw527850

USR:dw527850@email.com

USR:Order ID: 1227470987

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is your shipping status?

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Since the order is already out for delivery, what I can do is issue a refund of $8 for the shipping cost

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

USR:That would be great

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:No that is all.

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting Acmebrands how may I help you?

USR:Hello id like to but an item, but my cart does not update for some reason.

SYS:I would happy to help assist. What issues are you having with your order cart?

USR:It will not update.

USR:I cant add items to my cart

SYS:So your not able to add items to the cart?

USR:Yes.

SYS:Lets try to find a solution. First can you try to refresh the page.

USR:I will try that.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:It is not working.

SYS:Oh no first before I have you log in and out, can you check to see if any of the items are out of stock?

USR:The item i am trying to get seems to be in stock currently.

ACT:Details of in stock have been entered.

SYS:Lets try to log in and log out. Let me know if that works.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay I am going to try that.

USR:It has worked!

USR:I can add items to my cart again, thank you.

SYS:Great. Is there anything else I may help you with?

USR:No thanks!

SYS:Thank you for contacting us, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Hello. I think my subscription was removed from my account even though I want to keep it. Can you check?

SYS:Yes, I can check that for you

SYS:What is your name

USR:it's Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:How did you hear about it being removed

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:I read it in an email

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I do not see your subscription being removed from your account.  The email was not from us.  I am sorry about

SYS:that

SYS:I would suggest deleting the email

USR:That's ok, i just wanted to make sure. Thank you.

SYS:You're Welcome! Can I help with anything else today?

USR:nope

SYS:Great! Enjoy the rest of your day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hi! I have a refund in progress already, but I would like to add the Michael Kors boots to that too please.

SYS:OK FULL NAME PLEASE

SYS:Oops sorry for caps

USR:No worries...lol. Sanya Afzal

SYS:Also username, email and order id

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:safzal80, safzal80@email.com, 1144486318

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors boots has been recorded.

SYS:And what was the price on those boots

USR:The boots are 54$

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $54.

SYS:OK you're all set

SYS:Anything else today?

USR:No that's all. Thanks!

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I would like to check the status of my order.

SYS:Sure, are you interested in knowing the expected delivery date or something else?

USR:The payment method is showing up wrong.

SYS:Sure thing, I can help with that. Can you send me your account ID?

USR:VMSJFVFH1E

ACT:Account has been pulled up for VMSJFVFH1E.

SYS:Ok, I have your account pulled up. Can you send me your full name and order ID so I can verify the order?

USR:Sanya Afzal  4801008146

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, everything has been verified successfully. One more question, can you check what the current shipping status is? Is it "Order received", "In transit", "Out for delivery", or "Delivered"?

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out For Delivery has been noted.

SYS:Thank you. I'd just like to specify, since the item is already on its way, we won't be able to update the payment method for this order, but we can update it now so the new payment method will be used for all future orders.

SYS:Can you send me the information for the payment method you'd like to use from now on?

USR:Paypal

ACT:Order has been updated with Paypal.

SYS:Ok I've updated the payment method for you. Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:No that's it for today

SYS:Great, thank you and have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi how can i help you

USR:I am thinking about buying some trousers, but I am not sure of the fit.  Can I return them if they are not what i need?

SYS:sure let me check

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:depends on your membership level, what is your membership?

USR:Bronze

SYS:Bronze members are allowed returns for purchases made in the last 90 days.

USR:Is this true even if I buy them on sale?

SYS:yes, that;'s true!

USR:Okay great.  Do you include a shipping label?

SYS:you can come back here and i can send you one if you need it

USR:Do I need to get an authorization number to send something back?

SYS: nope, youre good

USR:Great.  I think that is all I needed to know.  Now I can go back to my shopping.  Thanks for your help

USR:Have a good day.

SYS:have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello there! How can I help you today?

USR:i would like to upgrade my delivery to overnight delivery since i want to receive my order as soon as possible

SYS:Okay, let me take a look for you.

USR:ok

SYS:What is your full name, please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:Thank you, Norman, one moment, please.

USR:ok

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:And can you please provide me with your account and order ID's?

USR:PD86NJBX7M. 649739855

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Can you please double-check the order ID? There seems to be an issue with it.

USR:6497393855

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Got it, thank you!

SYS:What is the shipping status of your package?

USR:order received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Thank you. And what is your membership level?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:So I can upgrade this for you. Just so you know, it's $20. If you'd like to proceed, shall I use the card on your account?

USR:yes that is fine

SYS:Okay.

ACT:Order has been updated with tomorrow.

SYS:I've updated it, and you're all set. You'll be receiving your package tomorrow!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:thank you. that is all

SYS:You're welcome, Norman, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:i just wanted to check the status of my premium subscription

SYS:I would happy to look into this for you. Do you want to make sure it is still active?

USR:Yes

SYS:May I have your full name and account id please?

USR:and find out how much is due

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:OLA0OZJXEN

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you Norman, may I have your order id please?

USR:6641660149

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:I am showing that your subscription is not active and there is a payment of $55 due yesterday.

USR:Could I go ahead and pay that

SYS:May we use the card on file?

USR:yes

ACT:Details of 55 have been entered.

SYS:I am also going to provide you a link so you can look this up in the future.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Thank you for that

SYS:Is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:no thats all

SYS:Your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I help you?

USR:hi there how are you?

USR:I am a bit confused on the price on one of your items

SYS:I am great! How are you?

SYS:I will be happy to assist you. Which item?

USR:pretty good thanks for asking!

USR:the brown leather Calvin Klein boots

SYS:Ok, I will be more than happy to look into that. What is your name?

USR:Joseph Banter, and thank you!

USR:did you need my username too?

SYS:Thanks Joseph.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:you're welcome

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Have you already ordered the bootsZ?

USR:no not yet

USR:I put them in my cart yesterday. the price yesterday was only $49

USR:I wanted to see if I could get the price that they were when I put them in my cart?

SYS:I will certainly look into that.

USR:thank you!!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:May I please have your account ID?

USR:sure

USR:AK5PYHWAHU

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, I apologize that you saw a lower price yesterday. Unfortunately, the pricing is out of our control.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:could you please at least give me a discount based on my Gold level Member status?

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Since you are a loyal member, I will be happy to give you a promo code for a discount. Your code is NEOCZ.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:Great! Thank you!

USR:No, I think that will be all for today.

SYS:Great. Thanks for being a customer and have a wonderful evening.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hello, I would like to know more about a product I am interested in. I would like to know if there is a size large in stock of the Michael Kors jacket

SYS:Sure let me check

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:Our jackets come in several sizes. However, if the jackets are listed as empty on the website, then we are currently out of stock.

SYS: Jackets are refilled every month at the end of the month, depending on the current season and fashion trends. Please check back around that time for your jacket of interest.

SYS:Does that help?

USR:Yes it does, thank you very much

SYS:Any other questions?

USR:That is all

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello?

SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I keep trying to order these boots, but your site keeps saying my promo code is invalid. Can you look into it?

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:When did you receive the promo code?

USR:9 days ago

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Apparently there was a mistake in the system, I will generate a new promo code for you.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:I just got my stimulus check, so now I can get them for my wife's birthday.

USR:Aw, sweet, thanks!

SYS:Your new promo code is 9M8S0

SYS:This one will definitely work.

USR:You just made my day!

SYS:I'm just glad to help. Is there anything else you need?

USR:Nope, I'm good now. You have a great day.

SYS:Okay, I hope you have a great day too.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:I need to check status of my order because the delivery time needs to be changed

SYS:Okay, can I have your name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:What change did  you want to make to your shipping?

USR:The delivery time needs to be changed.. it is incorrect

SYS:Okay but did you want to make it later or sooner?

USR:later

SYS:Can I have your account ID and order ID?

USR:73KM5UPREN

USR:3438689825

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:out for delivery

SYS:I am sorry, if it is out for delivery there is nothing I can do.

USR:Oh okay thanks

SYS:Sorry about that

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with

USR:Nope

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:HI how can I help you

USR:I am thinking about getting a few items from your website, but I would like to know what has to happen to cancel a subscription

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:You may cancel your subscription anytime and will not be charged for future months. For the current month, you are still responsible for the full monthly billing amount and will continue to receive the subscription services for the remainder of this

SYS:Does this answer your question?

USR:Yes, So I can buy a few items this month and then cancel before the end of the month and I won't be charged for next month, correct?

SYS:That is correct

USR:And can I rejoin at anytime?  I like the subscription but I am out of work for the foreseeable future and trying to manage my funds.

SYS:Yes, you can rejoin whenever you'd like

USR:Okay great.  Thank you for your time.  Have a nice day.

SYS:You'

SYS:You're welcome

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:I'm thinking about buying a pair of your Guess boots and I would like some more info about them.

SYS:Ok.  What would you like to know?

USR:I would like to know if they are waterproof?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Most boots are waterproof.  Waterproof boots include a waterproof guarantee.

USR:How do I know if the ones that I am looking at are waterproof.

SYS:You should be able to see an attached guarantee if the pair is waterproof

USR:Ok, well I don't see anything on here so I guess they aren't.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No thanks. I"ll just have to look around for somethiing else.

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:ok

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi. I would like to know the shipping status of my order because I haven't received my pacakge.

SYS:Okay, may I have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you, have you been waiting long?

USR:No. I've just came in.

SYS:Okay, I will need your username, email, and order ID to check the purchase

USR:nb987932, nb987932@email.com, 6403728262

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How long have you been waiting for the package?

USR:I've been waiting 5 days.

ACT:A reason of 5 days has been recorded.

SYS:I'm so sorry for that, if you have been waiting for less than a week the system can sometimes accidentally mark it as delivered, even though the package will arrive shortly.

USR:Ah, okay. So what should I do? Continue waiting a bit longer?

SYS:Yes, please just wait a little longer and contact us if it doesn't come in two days.

USR:Ok. Thank you.

SYS:Thank you for your patience and have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>USR:i would like to make a purchase but can't do it since my credit card keeps being rejected

SYS:Let's help with that. First let's try logging in and out and then trying the card again, please.

USR:ok will try this now

USR:still not working

SYS:Could you try it again but first refresh the page?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:going to try this now

USR:ok it is working now

SYS:Great! Did you need anything else?

USR:that is all. thank you.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:HI! I would like to know how much is due on my subscription

SYS:Hello, how cna i help you today

SYS:Sure could i get your full name account and Order ID

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:NYZ2EGV3UZ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:5088474152

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay you have $14 due tommorow

USR:Can I pay it please

SYS:Of course i will do that with the card on file

USR:thanks

ACT:Account has been updated with Renew Subscription.

SYS:Okay done,  is there anything else i can do for you

USR:No thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. Thank you for contacting Acme. May I have your name please?

USR:Hi - I'm David Williams

SYS:Hello David, How can I help you today?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:Ok, so how complicated is it to cancel a subscription?

SYS:I will be happy to look into that for you.

USR:OK.  I should explain. I don't have one yet, but I'm thinking of getting one.

USR:But on other sites I've gotten screwed because I couldn't canel the subscription when I wanted to

SYS:Ok so just to be clear, you don't have one yet but you are wondering if you did have one, how hard would it be to cancel?

USR:Yes! exactly!

SYS:I certainly understand that, it is frustrating when you can't cancel a subscription hassle-free.

SYS:With our company, you can easily cancel your subscription. Just contact us and we will be happy to do it. You are not in any contract.

USR:So, I could get a subscription, use it to buy gifts for a bunch of birthdays coming up in my family, and then cancel it in say, 3 months?

SYS:Yes, cancel any time.

USR:Can I do it through chat like this, or do I have to call?

SYS:Whichever you prefer!

USR:That sounds good! Thanks for your help!

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:I don't think so - well, personally would you recommend getting a subscription?

SYS:Yes! It is a great thing to have.

USR:OK! Thanks! Have a great day.

SYS:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I would like some information on your membership levels please

SYS:Sure thing, I can pull up some information about the membership levels. Are you interested in the benefits associated with the various levels?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:I am specifically trying to determine which level would suite me best as I will be purchasing a lot of product

USR:I will be donating a cetain amount evey month so maybe their is a benefit to ordering more?

SYS:I can definitely help you with that. Let me go ahead and outline the benefits for you.

USR:Thank you

SYS:If you have a Bronze membership, you save on shipping fees and get extra savings with promo codes.

SYS:Silver members get the previous perks, and can also have agents make purchases for them and can cancel orders anytime.

SYS:Gold members get unlimited refunds and get benefit of the doubt in all transactions in addition to the previous perks.

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

USR:Thank you so much, I will consider these

SYS:If you're interested in making a lot of purchases, you would be able to save a lot on shipping with Bronze. If you're worried about having to cancel a lot of orders, Silver may be helpful for you.

SYS:Sure thing, is there anything else I can help with?

USR:No thank you, have a good day

SYS:Thank you, you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi there, I want to know what happens if I miss a subscription payment but still want to shop

SYS:Okay, let me look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

SYS:Well we charge a late fee of $2.00 a day for a every day past the deadline. If you're Gold or Silver you have a 5 day grace period

SYS:So you can still shop freely, you're just charged a fee until you pay.

USR:Oh ok, so if I want to buy something it's $2 extra a day.

USR:Ok, thanks, that's all I needed to know today!

SYS:Are you sure there's nothing else?

SYS:If so have a great day!

USR:All good there, thank you!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for choosing AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Alessandro Phoenix.  I would like to view my shopping history, but I seem to have forgotten my username.  Can you help me?

SYS:I'll be glad to assist you! One moment, please.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:My address is 6620 Circle Drive, Raleigh, MI 51374.

SYS:Would you be able to provide your phone number or email address, Alessandro?

USR:My phone number is (578) 109-6170.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Perfect, thank you.

SYS:Your username is aphoenix1.

USR:Ok

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:That was it for today.  Thank you.

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, this is Acme Support. How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I'm wanting to find out the status of my subscription.

SYS:Sure! May I have your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Is it still active?

USR:Joyce Wu, account ID is PDL3WMLQ10

USR:One second and I'll get a hand on my order ID

USR:That order ID you were asking for is as follows - 8005076036

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:It is still active. You have a balance of $49 due in 3 days.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:I've sent a link to your email address on your account with the link to look this up in your online account.

USR:Okay, so what's the due date on my balance there?

SYS:3 days from today.

USR:Ok great, thanks a lot.

USR:You're a life saver.

SYS:No problem at all. Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:That was it, thank you so much. Hope you have a sun shiny day!

SYS:Thank you, take care

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:Hi, my husband told me I should check my account because I might have missing credits that haven't been applied

USR:I'm a subscription member

SYS:Ok

SYS:Can you tell me your name and account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:I can't find my account ID

SYS:What were the missing credits from?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Can you tell me about how you originally got the credits?

USR:From purchases I believe

USR:oh wait sorry I forgot

USR:subcription refund

ACT:A reason of subscription refund has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What was the amount of the credits?

USR:40 dollars

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Ok, you now have a promo code for the $40

USR:oh good thanks for your help

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:no that's it

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

<|endoftext|>USR:hello?

SYS:Welcome to Acme Brands. How may I help?

USR:Hi

USR:I'd like to know more about a pair of jeans

SYS:OK. what did you need to know. I can help.

USR:Is there a jean that has ripped holes designed in them?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Let me check.

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:The Guess Brand of jeans please

SYS:Yes. In fact, this is one of our most popular brands, with the artistic holes.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other4) was selected.

USR:nice!

SYS:The website will let you know if that style is in stock

USR:Ok, so I should go online and check your website?

SYS:Yes. I would suggest that, so you can see exactly what the jeans look like

USR:Ok thanks! I will do that now

SYS:Great! Anything else I could help with?

USR:Nope, that's it!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Heelo! How may I be of service?

USR:I'm trying to buy something and my car keeps getting rejected

SYS:If I understand correctly, you are having an issue placing an order on our site, with an error indicating your payment card is rejected?

USR:yes

SYS:I can help you with that today, may i get your full name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:Thank you albert.

SYS:I understand that you've tried to place the order several times correct?

USR:yes i have

SYS:all to the same rejected error message?

USR:yes

SYS:ok, first, have you tried logging out of your account on the website, using the log out button. Then logging back in, and placing the order?

SYS:if not, please try that now as our first step

USR:okay i will try it, one second

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:still doing the same thing

SYS:I see, and just to check, is the experitian date on the card you are trying to use valid? (has the card expired?)

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

USR:no my card is good. Do you have another suggestion i may can try?

SYS:I do! I can make the purchase for you on my end, if you would like

SYS:To start, Iw ould need the Credit Card # and expiration date

USR:4737 4747 4478 200

USR:12./23

SYS:Perfct! And what was the item you wished to order?

USR:Guess Shirt

SYS:OK! Just to clarify before finalizing your order, you wish to buy one Guess Shirt, correct?

USR:yes

ACT:A purchase of Guess Shirt was made.

SYS:I have placed an order on your behalf for the guess shirt on my end. You should recieve it within standard shipping time at your default account adress

USR:thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that will be all

SYS:Thank you too, and have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Joyce Wu.  I am a silver member, but it seems to be removed from my account? Can you look into this?

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:How did you hear that the service was removed from your account?

USR:My spouse informed me.

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

SYS:Let me check the system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It does seem like it was removed. Let me fix that.

ACT:Account has been updated with add service.

SYS:Your service was added back to your account.

USR:Great thanks for your assistance.

SYS:Can you see the service on your account?

USR:Yes I can.

SYS:Thats great

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:That is all for today.

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hey. I'm thinking about buying a michael kors shirt

USR:I want to know if the buttons are brown or black though

SYS:Excellent choice.  Let me see what I can find

SYS:This will just take a second as I dig up the details

USR:ok

SYS:My name is Ford Prefect, by the way, how may I address you today?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:Thanks, Ms Wu

SYS:and, yes, I have some information about the Michael Kors shirt right here

USR:great

SYS:although the designers offer lots of choices, our purchasing team has chosen the dark brown buttons, which are quite stylish

SYS:They are almost, but not quite, black

USR:hm, all right

USR:sounds nice

USR:Thanks

SYS:I'm glad to hear it

SYS:and you're welcome.  May I help with anything else?

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other3) was selected.

USR:No, that's it

SYS:Excellent, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon! Thanks for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I returned an item and am supposed to get a refund but the charge on my account hasn't been reversed yet.

SYS:Okay. I'd be happy to help you with checking on your refund status. Can I have your name and order ID?

USR:sure, it's Sanya Afzal and my order id is 4065315419

SYS:Thank you. I'll pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:What username and email address did you use?

USR:my username is safzal61 and my email is safzal61@email.com

SYS:Thank you. One moment while I lookup your refund.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Your refund is in progress and will be completed online and  applied directly to your credit card used when you placed the order. You should see the refund within 3 business days.

USR:Ok, great, I was just making sure.

SYS:No problem. Is there something else I can help you with today?

USR:nope, that's all i needed thank you!

SYS:You're welcome! Enjoy the rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I bought a shirt for my husband but he did not like it. Sorry

USR:Can I return it?

SYS:Did you just order the shirt or have you already received it?

USR:I already received it

SYS:Alright. And was there something specific about the product that he didn't like?

USR:He didn't like the color

USR:He was hoping it is more like navy and not black

SYS:Okay. Could you provide me with your name or account ID to pull up your account for you?

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:Account ID: QM25UDBTKL

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you. Can you verify your username, email address and the order ID for the shirt please?

USR:My username is sanya23

USR:my email is: sanya23@email.com

USR:Order ID: 3272282646

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What membership level are you?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Great! As one of our Gold members, you do get unlimited returns. Please provide me with your shipping address so that I can send you a return shipping label.

USR:2406 2nd Ave  Baltimore, NY 15712

USR:Thank you

ACT:Details of 2406 2nd Ave Baltimore, NY 15712 have been entered.

SYS:Will you make the return by mail, in store or drop off center?

USR:I will drop it off

USR:at the store

ACT:Details of in store have been entered.

SYS:You should be receiving the shipping label by email shortly to make your return in store. Is there anything else I can help with?

ACT:Order has been updated with in store.

USR:That's all

USR:You'be been great

SYS:Great, enjoy your day!

USR:thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting us! How can I help?

USR:hi i am trying to buy an item but after i add it to the cart it does not stay in the cart

SYS:I'm sorry to hear! Let me check on that for you.

SYS:This is basic, but can you try refreshing the page and adding it once more?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:yes i tried again and it did not work

SYS:Okay. Can you try logging out and back in? That may help.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok it looks like signing in again worked

SYS:Great! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:that is all i needed thanks for your help

SYS:You're welcome, have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I have a shipping question I would like to get answered

USR:I was wonder if I receive free international shipping?

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:thanks Joyce.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Your account does offer international shipping.

SYS:But I am afraid that our company does not offer free international shipping.

SYS:sorry about that .

USR:Oh ok

USR:Thank you for the information

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:That is all

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hey, How dare you issue me a code that does not work!

USR:I am livid right now

SYS:I understand your frustration, I'll do my best to help you right now.

SYS:Can I have your name?

USR:My name is Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Do you happen to know when you received the code?

USR:I got this code 5 days ago! Why cant I use it? I had my eyes set on these boots but the moment i input the code and it said invalid! My heart was broken.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:There was a mistake in the system. I'm very sorry for the frustration.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:I have generated a new promocode for you: MC9MS

SYS:This one should definitely work on your boots.

USR:Oh yes I will take this new code and my rage will be calmed.

USR:As long as I can get these boots for a discount.

USR:Thank you.

SYS:Thank you for your patience. Is there anything else you need?

USR:No, thanks.

SYS:Okay, enjoy the rest of your day and those boots!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:My credit cards keeps saying it's invalid on your website.

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Could you try to enter your credit card information again?

USR:I  tried it, it didn't work.

SYS:Ok

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you log out of your account and then log back in and try again?

USR:Thanks, It just worked.

SYS:That is great.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, How I can help you?

USR:Hi I'm looking at a jacket and have a question about it.

USR:I was looking at the Michael Kors jacket and was wondering how easy it would be to remove stains from it. Like wine or paint?

SYS:sure tell me what it is

SYS:ok, one moment please

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how1) was selected.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:Ok, the instructions for removing stains like that are as follows

SYS:wet a cotton cloth and gently dab it on the stained area. Then, sprinkle some salt on the area and let it sit for five minutes or more, absorbing the excess water. Next, pour some boiled water on the area to flush out the stain. Finally, you can laun

SYS:launder the jacket with the hottest water setting to completely remove any residual marks. When drying, either line dry the jacket or use a low-heat dryer.

USR:ok that doesn't sound too bad

USR:so salt won't remove the color>

SYS:With this you can easily remove stains such as wine stains, among others.

SYS:won't do it don't worry

SYS:another doubt?

USR:that's it

USR:thanks for all the info

USR:very helpful

SYS:ok, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:I want to move my shipping to next week delivery because I want to avoid paying any shipping fee

SYS:Okay, let's see what we can do. May I have your full name?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:May I also have your account ID and order ID to help verify your identity?

USR:LSBMUYCNO6

USR:7183208345

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Do you know what the shipping status of your order is?

USR:Out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out for Delivery has been noted.

SYS:Unfortunately, it's too late to delay the shipment until next week. What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

SYS:That's great! That means we can credit you for the shipping fee.

USR:thank you!

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:no

SYS:Okay. Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting us today! How may I help you?

USR:I want to check my order status because the shipping charge was too much

USR:I would like to get a refund for the shipping

SYS:I'll be glad to assist with that today

SYS:Can I please have your full name?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:I have pulled up your account.

SYS:I'll have to verify your account.  Can I have your username, email address and order ID?

USR:My user name is josephbanter118

USR:my email is josephbanter118@email.com

USR:the order ID is 2838316242

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Do you know your membership level?

USR:It's silver

SYS:Thank you and what is the shipping status

USR:It says it's in transit

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

SYS:Thank you for all that information.  As a silver member, we always trust you.  I will issue a refund to you

USR:Thank you very much

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel order.

SYS:Was there anything else I could assist with today?

USR:No that's all thank you

SYS:You're Welcome. Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I'm so stupid. I wanted to look at some stuff I had bought and I can't log on.

USR:I totally forgot my password.

SYS:I can help, could I have your name, please?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:Joseph No Brain Banter...

USR:Sorry to trouble you. I'm so forgetful in my old age!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:There, there, we all forget our password.

SYS:Do you know your username?

USR:Ugh. I don't know that either.

SYS:That's fine, we can recover that too.

USR:You are a lifesaver!

SYS:I'll need your zipcode and phone number or email address.

USR:5106

USR:(402) 300-2909

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, your username is jbanter1

ACT:Details of jbanter1 have been entered.

USR:I better write that down!

SYS:Now for the password I'll need your PIN number or the answer to your secret question.

USR:Alexander

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Your new password is rm2okupq7ip

SYS:Is there anything else I can do?

USR:Oh great! you have been a huge help.

USR:That is all. You deserve a raise for all your help!

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

SYS:You're too kind!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi.  My name is Rodriguez Domingo.  I was wondering what the cost of gift wrapping is?

SYS:Sure. Let me check.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question1) was selected.

SYS:The price of gift wrapping is 4.99 per item but it varies if it is oversized.

SYS:You can also add a message of 300 characters.

USR:Ok thanks for checking on that for me.

SYS:A separate message for each item must be specified.

SYS:You're welcome. Anything else, Rodriguez

USR:That's it for today.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

USR:Hi, I would like to check the shipping address of an order I made

USR:I received an email implying it was wrong.

SYS:what is wrong? What is the content of the email?

USR:The shipping address was wrong.

SYS:okay

SYS:Give me your full name or account id

USR:my full name is Norman Bouchard. My account ID is RAJJBYL3UT

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Now give me a moment

SYS:What is your username and order id

USR:my username is nbouchard840 and my ID is 5284269346

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:what is your address?

USR:0604 2nd Ave San Lima, CA 26358

USR:Did my order ship?

SYS:I still need to confirm one more thing

SYS:what is your email address?

USR:my email address is nbouchard840@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Validated. Now I will check for the order status

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I just checked. Everything is normal with your order. It has shipped

SYS:Please disregard the email

USR:Awesome. Thank you

SYS:You are welcome. Will this be all for today.

USR:Yes please

SYS:Have a nice day?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:Hi can im signed up for premium

USR:its going to run out soon but i would like to ask for an extension on paying for it.

SYS:Let's check.

SYS:May I have your full name, account AND order ID?

USR: Norman Bouchard

USR:NKMAV9GFN7

USR:5995314896

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is your membership level by chance?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

ACT:Account has been updated with extend subscription .

SYS:You have gotten an extension.

USR:Wow thank you!

SYS:No problem! Anything else today?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you?

USR:Hi . Id like to add guess boots to my existing order please

USR:i forgot my daughter asked me to get them with my next order

USR:8791138482

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Sure

SYS:What is your full name, account id and order id?

USR:Joyce wu

USR:X5BTNYYRSL

USR:8791138482

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status

USR:What do u mean

SYS:you should have ashipping status on your order

SYS:such as in transit, order recieved, etc.

USR:its processing

USR:order received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received  has been noted.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:What is the item that you want to ad?

USR:guess boots size 8w

ACT:A purchase of Guess Boots was made.

SYS:All set

SYS:this has been added to your order

SYS:is there anything else that i can help you with

USR:ty

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I assist you today?

USR:Hello there, so I'm not sure if you're the person I need to contact but-

USR:I was waiting to purchase an item with you guys and now that I have it, after being super excited yesterday to see it at a reasonable price.

USR:The price has now gone up so much! Is there anyway to get it at yesterday's price?

SYS:I'll be happy to assist you! May I please get your Full Name or Account ID?

USR:My name is Albert Sanders and my account ID is XOCAPSFTUG

ACT:Account has been pulled up for XOCAPSFTUG.

SYS:Thank you so much, Albert. And you are wishing to get the item you purchased at the price it was shown at yesterday, correct?

USR:I was wanting to buy it today and get it for yesterday's price

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

USR:I was originally going to buy it last week but my daughter needed emergency surgery and our money had to go to that

SYS:I completely understand. Unfortunately, prices do sometimes fluctuate, and that's sadly outside of our control. It's all based on a pricing algorithm that changes by demand.

USR:Is there anyway I could possibly get a discount? We've been members with you all for awhile now. If there's anything you could do to help we'd appreciate it.

SYS:I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience! Yes, because you have been a loyal customer, I'm happy to offer you a discount promo code. Will that work?

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:That would more than work thank you so much

SYS:You're very welcome. Your unique promo code is YC2BG.

USR:Thank you I've got it written down

SYS:Wonderful! Is there anything more I may help you with?

USR:Umm I think that's all

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands customer service, and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Is it possible to stop my order from shipping?  Thanks.

SYS:Let me look in to this for you. May I ask why you are wanting to stop the order from shipping?

USR:I ordered the wrong item by mistake.

SYS:Alright, can I get your full name or Account ID?

USR: Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And you wanted to cancel the order Sanya?

SYS:Do you have the shipping status?

USR:Yes, cancel.

USR:Oh, it says delivered.  Havent gotten my mail though.  so sorry.

ACT:Shipping status of Delivered has been noted.

USR:I guess I will be returning it.

SYS:So did you want to do a return?

USR:Yes, i can drop it in store.

SYS:I just have to make sure I am able to help you with what you need. How I process this is different based on if it is a return or if it is canceled.

USR:Whichever is easiest for you to do

SYS:It isn't what is easiest for me. I want to make you happy.

SYS:You had told me you needed it cancelled but you also told me you had to return it. I just need to know what I am doing. :)

USR:Thanks.  A return since it already was shiipped

SYS:Alright, can I get your Username, email address and order ID please?

USR: safzal51

USR: safzal51@email.com

USR:Order ID: 9253143544

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And what is your membership level Sanya?

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:And when was this purchased?

SYS:Are you still there Sanya?

USR:sorry

USR:09/14/19

SYS:The item should have been returned within 6 months. Do you still have the receipt or the original packaging?

USR:yes i do

SYS:Great, than I can accept the return. May I please get your address for the shipping label?

USR:6830 Lincoln Ave  Baltimore, TX 23938

ACT:Details of 6830 Lincoln Ave Baltimore, TX 23938 have been entered.

SYS:And you said you are going to drop it off in the store?

USR:yes

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

SYS:Alright, the shipping label will be emailed to you. You can just put it on the item and drop it off at the store. Is there anything else you need today?

USR:no, thank you very much

SYS:Thanks Sanya, you have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hi, I'm trying to access my account, but I seem to have forgotten my password

USR:my username is cz171689

SYS:No problen I can help

SYS:Whats your full name

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Details of cz171689 have been entered.

SYS:Do you have your PIN nnumber?

USR:I don't think I have a Pin.  I answered a security question when I first signed up.  Will that work?

SYS:Yes, go ahead with that

USR:Alexander

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Great, here is your new password

SYS:hhkvkgbi31c

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that's perfect.  Thanks

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help today?

USR:can you help me get back into my account?

USR:I lost my phone, so I cannot chek on my order

SYS:OK, sounds like you ned me to reset your two-factor authentication?

USR:yes pls

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you Norman. Can I also have your email address? I will need this to send you a reset code.

USR:oh.

USR:unfortunately, I don't use email

USR:is there any other way?

SYS:OK, in that case can I have your PIN number?

USR:um

USR:how would I get that?

SYS:Or you can answer your security question "What is your mother's maien name?"

USR:That I know!!!

USR:Livingston

SYS:Perfect!

USR:phew

ACT:Details of Livingston have been entered.

SYS:The reset code will be sent to the address we have on file.

USR:Is there any way you can phone me with it?

SYS:I will also generate a link that you will be able to view our recommended security procedures to keep your account safe.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Yes, one moment.

USR:I guess we can see which gets to me first - the reset or the order

SYS:An automated message will call your phone with the reset code in the next 10 - 15 minutes.

USR:awesome! you rock!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:you have been great, thx so much

USR:that is all

SYS:You're quite welcome. Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:How much needs to be purchased to get free shipping?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:$25 not including tax gets you free shipping

USR:Wow, ok.  thank you

SYS:Anything else?

USR:thats it

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi! I was checking my billing statement and realized that the charge on my billing statement has not been reversed even though I have completed the return.

SYS:OK. Let me look into that.

USR:Thank you

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID

USR:David Williams

SYS:Thanks

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:I have pulled up your account

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:How much credit is missing?

USR:$84

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:OK. Please use this code. E77VE It will be in the amount of $84

SYS:Anything else I can help with today?

USR:Thank you very much

USR:that is all. appreciate your help

SYS:No problem. Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello!

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix, and Im a gold member

USR:My subscription was removed!

SYS:Okay, what is your issue today?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:I still want my subscription

SYS:Sure, let me check your status first.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Can I have your account id and order id?

USR:15379953 & 42686

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Sorry that your name, account id and order id can't be verified. Can you double check the formation please?

USR:Sorry I dont have that information

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay, there is an amount due of $55 and the due date is yesterday.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Thanks have a great day!

SYS:You can look up this in the future yourself.

USR:Bye 

SYS:You too!

SYS:Byebye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Can you please tell me if I am due to pay my subscription for the year?  Would hate to lose it.  Thanks.

SYS:Sure, can I get your full name and account ID, please?

USR: David Williams

USR:I don't have the account ID

SYS:I'll also need your order ID

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:or order ID or email, sorry.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:That's okay, I was able to verify your identity

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:According to our system, your subscription is currently inactive, and you have a payment of $55 due in three days

SYS:I can send you a link where you can look up your account status in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok, I will pay it today.

USR:Thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, thanks.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good morning, how can I help you today?

USR:I was trying to see when my annual subscription fee is due.

SYS:I can help you with that.

SYS:Can I get your full name or Account ID?

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:Thanks Chloe, let me just pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:To verify your identity can I also get your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:Account ID: WM3LOFVHAH

SYS:Do you have an Order ID?

USR:Order ID: 8262425722

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Chloe your subscription fee was due yesterday.

USR:Can I go ahead and pay that?

SYS:You sure can. It was $14.

USR:Can you charge that to the card on file?

SYS:Yes, one moment please.

ACT:Details of $14 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:I have taken care of that for you Chloe. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nope that's all

SYS:Thanks, Chloe. You have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Sanya Afzal.  I would like to view my shopping history, but I seem to have forgotten my password.  Can you help?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Sure. Let me help you with that.

SYS:Could I have your username?

USR:Yes.  My username is sanyaafzal293.

ACT:Details of sanyaafzal293 have been entered.

SYS:Could I have your pin or would you like to answer your security question?

USR:My security answer is Livingston.

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:I cannot retrieve the old password, but I generated a new password for you. Your new password is xqiczstvwp

SYS:You should be able to access your account now.

USR:Ok great.  Thank you.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No.

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi!

USR:Hey, I just wanted to see why the shipping cost was so high.

SYS:how can I help you?

SYS:sure!

SYS:we're you looking to have that shipping cost refunded?

USR:Yeah that would be great if you can. It hasn't shipped yet.

SYS:or are you looking to downgrade to get cheaper shipping?

SYS:let see if we can refund it

SYS:can I have your name please?

USR:Whatever you can do.. Norman Brouchard.

SYS:thanks, I'll need your username, email address and order ID next please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Norman Brouchard.

ACT:Shipping status of order received has been noted.

SYS:sir?

USR:Yes.

SYS:I'll need your username, email address and order ID next please

USR:normanb7, normanb7@email.com, 6068283061

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with waive fee.

SYS:excellent, thanks for that info. I've got ahead and waived that fee for you

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:That's all thanks!

SYS:Great, well you have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

SYS:Are you there?

USR:Hi

USR:Sorry yes i am

USR:I have an issue with my account

SYS:Okay, I can help with that

USR:I want to see my shopping history

USR:But I can't get into my account

USR:I forgot my password

USR:Can you help me get in?

SYS:Of course, and that happens to the best of us

SYS:I'll just need some information for you, and then I can give you a temporary password that should get you in the door

USR:Okay

USR:that would be great

USR:I feel so silly about forgetting my passowrd

USR:usually i'm more on top of things :(

SYS:May I ask your full name and your user name

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:crystalisastar

SYS:I wouldn't worry about that at all.  There are bigger things to worry about than passwords these days

USR:yes, there are !!!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:Details of crystalisastar have been entered.

SYS:Okay, I can see your account.  For security purposes, I'll just need to ask for either your PIN number, if you have one, or the answer that you gave to a security question

USR:Okay

USR:My pin is 933569

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Excellent.  So the password bfm5u6gs1do will get you into your account, and from there you can change it to whatever you would like.

USR:Okay

USR:Let me try that

USR:I am logging in right now

USR:Oh great!!!

USR:I logged in

USR:And I can see my shopping history

USR:This is wonderful

SYS:Ah, good to hear

USR:I will make a new password now that I can remember

USR:Thanks for your help

SYS:You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No

USR:that was it

USR:thank you

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, and thanks for choosing AcmeBrands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I want to find out about gift wrapping my items. Like the cost etc

SYS:I'd be happy to assist you with that.

SYS:Let me check that information for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Gift wrapping is $4.99 per item. However, it may not be available for oversized items.

SYS:You can add up to 300 characters as a message on your purchase, but must specify a separate message for each item to be gift wrapped, even if it is a repeat.

USR:Is that per address?

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

SYS:It is $4.99 per item purchased, when available.

USR:I have 3 items but they're going to the same address so what would the total be?

SYS:The total for gift wrapping would be $14.97.

USR:I want them wrapped separately

SYS:They will be wrapped separately.

USR:what if they all were wrapped in the same box?

SYS:We only wrap individual items separately.

USR:are you sure? my friend got hers wrapped in the same box and she said it was  cheaper

SYS:I'm afraid we only wrap separately.

USR:can you double check? they did it for her.

USR:can you ask your supervisor?

SYS:I have double checked, and my information shows that it is fixed at $4.99 per item.

SYS:I will escalate this to my manager.

ACT:The manager has been notified.

USR:thank you!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:how will I find out the answer?

SYS:The manager will contact you.

USR:you didn't even ask my name!

USR:how will they notify me?

SYS:I will pull up your account so that it is on record. What is your full name?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Your account has been pulled up. Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:what phone number do you have for me?

SYS:I am unable to see that information, but my manager will have access to your full account.

USR:how? I'm a guest

SYS:Guest simply means that you do not have a paid membership, but you still have an account in our system.

USR:(634) 811-2214 please add this number to my account. what you are telling me does not make sense.

USR:thank you! I don't have high hopes of getting a call though.

SYS:You will, I assure you. Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi, how can I help you?

USR:I'm having website issues. I just can't seem to get the search to work.

USR:I just see a giant spinning wheel.

SYS:oh no!

SYS:so, when you search nothing comes back at all?

USR:just a spinning wheel.

USR:I'm very upset about it.

SYS:it is so frustrating when tht happens.

USR:This never happens on Amazon.

SYS:let me suggest a few things for you to try

USR:okay

SYS:please log out of your account & log in again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Still not working...any other ideas?

SYS:could you try searching for a different item?

SYS:or does it happen with everything?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay, nothing still.

SYS:OK, please clear your cookies

USR:One sec.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Hey, that fixed it! Perfect.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:wonderful

USR:uh oh, now I think I broke you.

SYS:our team will be pleased

SYS:heh

SYS:np

SYS:are you able to continue shopping?

SYS: is there anything else?

USR:yes, it's perfect now.

SYS:oh good

USR:All set, thanks for the help

SYS:have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:hey I want to make sure the right things were shipped to me

USR:because this email makes it seem like something go mixed up

SYS:What shows up differently?

USR:bunch of stuff I didn't order

USR:I want you to look at the order adn tell me if it's just the calvin klein boots or no

SYS:Let me see how I can help you.

USR:the order is number 2542434934

USR:ok

SYS:Is the quantity different?

SYS:Or is something missing?

USR:thats all I'd ordered but see a bunch of stuff I'm hoping is just there for bug reasons or something

USR:it's just the boots

USR:on e pair

SYS:Ok

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:H9WW3MLKEI

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

USR:mostly it's ya or no, is that order just the boots or do you really have me down for other stuff also

SYS:Ok

SYS:Could I have your username, email address and order id to validate your purchase?

SYS:Then I can find out.

USR:jb889441

USR:jb889441@email.com

USR:2542434934

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:The pair of boots is not in the order.

USR:tha'ts strange

SYS:I can always add them to the order.

USR:I may have forgotten to be fair I'll probably get them now

USR:that'd begreat thanks

ACT:Order has been updated with change item.

SYS:I updated your order to add your pair of boots.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no that's it, thanks for clearing this up for me

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi. I was wondering if you had the $69 Calvin Klein shirt in small?

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your  name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:thanks Rodriguez.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Did you try to search our website for the small size?

USR:I did but it was returning anything.

SYS:Okay, give me a second.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:this shirt has small / medium / large sizes.

USR:Wonderful

USR:Thank you

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Nope

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other2) was selected.

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and welcome to AcmeCorp, how can I help you today?

USR:can not access my account since the phone i used for the two factor authentication got lost.

SYS:Sure, I'll be able to help you reset your two factor authentication for you.  First can I have the full name on your account?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Hi Joseph.  I'm going to need the email on file so you can get your code for the two factor authentication.

USR:josephbanter716@email.com

ACT:Details of josephbanter716@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Thanks so much.  I'm also going to send you a link to read about the best security practices for your account.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:You're welcome.  The email has been sent and you should be able to reset your two factor authentication now.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that is all

SYS:Wonderful, hope you have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:I got an email that seemed to display a different item than I ordered

USR:can you confirm that the item being delivered is michael kors boots?

SYS:Sure, I can look into that for you.

SYS:What is your name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:Thank you, can I also have your account ID and order ID

ACT:Shipping status of Chloe Zhang has been noted.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Along with those two items, I will also need your username and email address please

USR:czhang99 czhang99@email.com

SYS:Can I also have your account ID and order ID?

USR:FBPJ0UKPVS 2970875983

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, one moment while I check the system please

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I apologize, it looks like the email was correct. I will change the order in our system to the Michael Kors boots for you.

ACT:Order has been updated with change item.

USR:thanks

SYS:You're welcome, is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that was all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I was considering making a purchase and wanted to know what are the benefits of premium membership

SYS:Let me find out for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:Thank you

SYS:Well, there is an annual holiday extravaganza with open bar.

SYS:Free flights from anywhere in the US to get there.

USR:Hmm.

SYS:There is also more but it depends on your membership level.

SYS:Bronze save on shipping fees and get promo codes.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Silver get all that and can also have agents make purchases for them and can cancel orders at anytime.

SYS:Gold members get all that and unlimited refunds.

SYS:Is there anything else you would like to know?

USR:Thats very helpful

USR:Thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Can you please see if I can change the shipping time on an order?  Thanks.

USR:I want to change it to a less expensive option.

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:thanks

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Can you please let me know your Account ID and Order ID to verify your identity?

USR:Account ID: M0QW7KQWH4

USR:Order ID: 1527317394

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. What is the shipping status?

USR:Oh no, delivered.  I feel like a moron.

SYS:Okay, what is your membership level anyway?

USR:bronze

SYS:I can add a credit back to your account for the shipping fee!

USR:That would be very much appreciated, thank you

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No, thanks again

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

USR:Hello, I was trying to log in to my account but I lost my phone for the two factor authentication

SYS:Let's resolve it

SYS:Give me your full name

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:Can I have your email address too

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Your email address?

USR:crystalm773@email.com

ACT:Details of crystalm773@email.com have been entered.

SYS:A mail containing your rest code has been sent to your email address

USR:Great thanks

SYS:To be safe consider using Security best practice.I will send you a link about it now

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:All done

USR:Thanks

SYS:Will that be all for today?

USR:That is it

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, I need to log on and check order status, I lost my phone, my cell, I use for 2 factor authentication, what should I do?

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID to pull up your account?

USR:I'm Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Do you still have access to your email so I can reset your 2FA?

USR:Yes, I can get to e mail.

SYS:Wonderful, can I have your email address?

USR:Crystal48@hotmess.com

ACT:Details of Crystal48@hotmess.com have been entered.

SYS:Alright, I've sent a reset link to that email address. It'll help you get back into your account and check on your orders

USR:Thanks a bunch. Goodbye.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:No, I'm good, apprieciate your help.

SYS:Absolutely, have a wonderful day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Can you tell me about my order?  The shipping seemed way to high so can we cancel it and refund the purchase

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:So you want to cancel your order because the shipping is too high?

USR:Yes please

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Could I have your username, email address and order id to validate your order?

USR:O2ICQQHQF

USR:dwilliams733@email.com

USR:order ID = 9583545479

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Could you provide your username?

USR:dwilliams733

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:What is your shipping status?

USR:received

SYS:Do you mean order received?

USR:yes

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

ACT:Order has been updated with Cancel Order.

SYS:The order has been canceled.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:that is it

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Hello, how may I assist you today?

USR:i want to check the status of my account

USR:i want to know if my account allows international shipping

SYS:I will have to look up your account. What is your name and account number?

USR:name is Norman Bouchard

SYS:Thank you Norman. Do you have your account number?

USR:i am a guest; no account number

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Just give me a minute to look in to the for you Norman. Thank you for your patience.

USR:okay

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Sorry for the wait. We do not ship internationally at this time. I am sorry.

USR:okay thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that's all i want to know

SYS:Thank you very much. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hello when I received my email about my order it says I ordered two, but I only ordered one item!

USR:Could you check on my order status please

SYS:Of course, could i get your Full Name account Id and Order ID please

USR:Name: Norman Bouchard

USR:Account ID: JXNWXFIWRY

USR:Order ID: 7349234139

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay, looks like you were overcharged and the order is wrong

SYS:could you tell me the shipping status on the order

USR:I'm glad you found that

USR:Shipping Status: Delivered

SYS:Okay, i will refund you on the amount you were charged.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Whenever the item gets to you if you could start the return profit that would be great

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $.

USR:Uh yeah, I'll be sure to do that

SYS:Is there anything else i can help you with today

USR:No thanks

SYS:Okay, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

USR:i need to update my shipping address

SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

SYS:Is this for an item that is already purchased or are you updating the address on your account?

USR:yes i already purchase

USR:Order ID: 3169768866

SYS:Okay, can I get your full name and account ID?

USR:Name: Joseph Banter

USR:Account ID: UDFE3LHYB6

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:Shipping Status: Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Great! Can you also provide me with your username and email address?

USR:Username: josephbanter984

USR:Email Address: josephbanter984@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with change address.

SYS:Thanks! I went ahead and update your account shipping address for you

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:thats all

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, can I correct a typo in my address?

SYS:Hello, sure, could I get your full name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Hi, Albert. What is the address currently listed as?

USR:1765 2nd Ave  San Mateo, TX 93062

ACT:A reason of 1765 2nd Ave has been recorded.

SYS:To verify your identity could I please have your Zip Code, phone number, and PIN number?

USR:Phone Number: (538) 178-5528, Zip 93062, 538-178-5528 and pin 490274

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, and what is the new adress?

USR:Just a correction from 1765 to 1764 2nd Ave.

ACT:Account has been updated with 1764 2nd Ave.

SYS:Everything has been updated. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Great, no, that is all.  Thank you!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I wanted to report that there seems to be a serious issue speed wise with the website

SYS:I am so sorry about the slow speed you are experiencing with our website.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you please try logging out of your account and logging back in?

USR:It didn't seem to change anything

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you please try visiting amazon.com and see if it loads slowly too?

USR:that seems to load fine

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience, but can you please try closing all other tabs on your browser and any programs running in the background?

USR:yes that seems to have helped

SYS:I am glad that your issue is resolved, and I apologize again for the inconvenience you experienced. I will make sure to write up a report and notify our website team.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:thanks for the help, now i can get back to shopping

SYS:You are welcome.

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Yikes, I didn't realize how much shipping was! Can I change my shipping so it arrives next week to save some money?

SYS:Let me see if I can do that for you. Can I have your name please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Thank you, I will also need your account ID and order ID.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Order ID: 8667152050

USR:Account ID: CX0MZQ7ASI

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the current shipping status of your order?

USR:Order received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Okay, can I have your membership level?

USR:I'm just a bronze. :(

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:That's okay, we can delay the shipping no problem.

ACT:Order has been updated with next week.

USR:Oh good!

SYS:Your order will be delivered next week and your shipping fee has been waived.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thanks so much for your help! That was all I needed today.

SYS:You're welcome. Have a great weekend!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I would like to know how to remove a wine stain from my tommy jacket?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how1) was selected.

SYS:Hello, in order to remove a wine stain, we recommend wetting a cottong cloth and dabbing the stain. Next, sprinkle some salt on the area and wait for 5 or more minutes. Next, pour some boiled water on the area, which will flush the stain out. Finally

USR:That is good to know since I plan on buying this tommy jacket

USR:Thank you for your help!

SYS:Awesome! Be careful around wine though! Anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thank you, no that was all. Have a nice day!

SYS:You as well~

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for being an AcmeBrands shopper! How may I help you?

USR:Hi! I need to make sure my shipping address is correct

USR:I got a weird email saying something else

SYS:Okay, let's find out what is going on. May I have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you. May I also have your account ID and order ID?

USR:ELOXUX944L

USR:4868114165

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Now to validate your purchase, may I have your username and email address? I'm sorry, I know I am requesting a lot of information.

USR:nbouchard730

USR:nbouchard730@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks! I'll search the system to find out what happened.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Fortunately, the email you were sent was incorrect. Everything in your order looks just as it should.

USR:Great, thank you so much

SYS:You're welcome! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Okay. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:hi, i am trying to check on the status of my order

USR:it says i ordered 2 items but i only ordered one'

SYS:Sure thing let me look into that for you.

SYS:Could I have your Full name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you norman. I was able to pull up your account.

SYS:Could you also provide me with your Account ID and order ID?

USR:16LPSHKGMR

SYS:and the order ID please?

USR: 3676421455

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great I was able to pull up the order.

SYS:Let me check wit hthe system to see if there was an error.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like the order is actually fine. The information you recieved about ordering 2 was incorrect and you were NOT charged for it.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:nope thats good news

USR:thank you

SYS:No problem. Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I would like to check on the status of my order as I only order one item but an email comfirmation says I ordered two

SYS:Okay, can I have your name?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Can I have your account ID and order ID?

USR: MSKWRPE1SI, 1695548514

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay, it loks like the email was in error.

SYS:You were only charged for one item.

USR:Ok awesome, thank you

SYS:You

SYS:You're wlecome

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is all

SYS:Okay have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi.  I am having trouble logging in

SYS:I would be happy to assist with that.  Are you just needing your password

USR:Do you mean my pin number?

SYS:No, you said you can not log into your account. My question is what is preventing you from logging in? Do you not know your password?

USR:I lost my phone which I was using for two-factor authentication

SYS:Ok, got it.  Can I have your full name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Can I also have your email address

USR:rdomingo@gmail.com

SYS:In order to reset your two factor auth, I will have to send you a code to your email.

ACT:Details of rdomingo@gmail.com have been entered.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:I have sent you the link to enter the code from your email.  That will allow you back into your account

USR:Great. Thank you.  I see the email now.

SYS:You're Welcome! Anything else I can help with today?

USR:No thank you.  Have a good day.

SYS:Thank you for contacting us today! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello!

SYS:how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I need my order as soon as possible! Can you upgrade me to overnight shipping

SYS:sure, I'd be happy to help you with that

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:thanks Crystal, can I have your account ID and order ID please?

USR:sure

USR:Account ID: R3IVMXYS7W

USR:Order ID: 5740458932

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Do you know the shipping status?

USR:Delivered

SYS:Since it has been delivered unfortunately I would not be able to upgrade the shipping speed - the good news is that your package was already delivered!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Oh I did not realize it was delivered this morning.  It was at my door.

USR:Nothing else for today

USR:Thank you

SYS:haha, not a problem! glad you found it, have a great day!

USR:You too

SYS:you're welcome!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, this is AcmeBrands customer service. How may I assist you?

USR:hello

USR:i'd like to check the status of my order becuase the payment seems to be wrong

SYS:Okay, I will need your full name, account ID, and order ID please.

USR:Name: Chloe Zhang

USR:Account ID: TIZ5CMEKK6

USR:Order ID: 0880506245

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Do you know the shipping status of the item?

USR:Out for Delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out For Delivery has been noted.

SYS:Since the order is already out for delivery, you can only change the payment method for new orders. Do you still want to change your current payment method?

USR:does that mean the payment was completed?

USR:Can you confirm that it was using paypal?

SYS:Yes, the payment was already made.

USR:great thnks

SYS:You're welcome. Is there anything else you need help with?

USR:nope. thank you!

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you?

USR:Can you tell me the status of my return?

SYS:What is your full name please?

USR:David Williams

SYS:Can you be more specific about what you mean by "status"?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:I want to know if it's processing or what. also what payment method is being refunded.

SYS:Sure, just a moment.

SYS:Can I have your username and email address please?

USR:davidwilliams763

SYS:Can I have your order ID as well?

USR:davidwilliams763@email.com

USR:sure it's 8912088085

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:It is in progress and the method is online.

USR:Ok thanks. I just wanted to double check.

SYS:Great.

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:That's it.

SYS:Okay. Thanks for your time. Have a goodnight!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi there

USR:I was wondering if my shopping cart currently qualifies for free shipping?

SYS:hi

USR:I have a $54 Michael Kors jacket, a $49 pair of Guess Boots, and a $74 Michael Kors jacket I am looking to buy

SYS:let me look that up for you

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question4) was selected.

SYS:good news. Shipping is frree as long as the pre-tax total is higher than $25

USR:Oh that is great

SYS:You def. qualify!

USR:Awesome, I will go ahead and place the order!

SYS:Otherwise, it costs $4.99

USR:Great products on the site!

USR:Okay, good to know

SYS:do glad to hear that.

SYS:Is there anything else?

USR:Hmmm

USR:That's all I need to know

USR:Thanks for your help!

SYS:thanks for being our customer. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, thanks for contacting Acme customer support. How can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I received an email saying that my shipping date was wrong.  I need to confirm my shipping date and make sure nothing is wrong

SYS:Let me look into that for you. Can I start by getting your full name?

USR:David Williams

SYS:Just a moment, Mr. Williams.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:ok

SYS:Can I also have your Account ID and your Order ID?

USR:ORDRXLWLSG

USR:5622235153

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. I'll also need your Username and  email address to bring up that order. Do you have that information for me?

USR:dw818553

USR:dw818553@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And, what was your question about shipping that you needed answered?

USR:yes

USR:I need to confirm my shipping date

USR:is it tomorrow afternoon like it is suppose to be

SYS:got it, one moment.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:No, that's not the date that we have in our system. Would you like to change the date on that delivery?

USR:yes

SYS:No problem, let me update that to tomorrow afternoon.

ACT:Order has been updated with change date.

SYS:That change has been made. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Thanks for shopping at Acme. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I signed up for the premium subscription and I would like more time to be able to use it. I need more time to get the money to purchase the item I would like.

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

USR:IVETKGZPEM

USR:1848236339

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And which level of membership do you have?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:I'm afraid that as a Bronze member, you are not eligible for a subscription extension.

SYS:I'm very sorry.

USR:Can I speak to a manager please?

SYS:Sure, I can have a manager call you. Can I have your phone number?

USR:(752) 949-3610

ACT:Details of (752) 949-3610 have been entered.

ACT:The manager has been notified.

SYS:I've notified a manager, and they will contact you very shortly.

USR:Ok, thank you!

SYS:Do you need anything else?

USR:That is all

SYS:Okay, I hope everything gets sorted out. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi. How can I help?

USR:Hi Id like to return my most recent order because it was the wrong color.

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:I can assist you with that. Can I also get your user name, e-mail and order id?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Email Address: safzal06@email.com  Username: safzal06

USR:Order ID: 9769130746

SYS:Thank you. And , what is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. And when was the purchase made?

USR:Purchase Date: 2020-01-07

SYS:Unfortunately there is a 90 day return policy for your purchase, so I am unable to process this for you.

USR:Oh thats unfortunate. Ok thank you

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else I can assist you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Alright, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi! I was looking at buying a pair of jeans but I need it asap so wanted to know what price of overnight shipping please

SYS:OK. Let me check for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question3) was selected.

SYS:It depends on the weight. Are you located in the continental US?

USR:yes

SYS:OK. There are different rates based on weight.

SYS:A pair of jeans weighs less than 5 pounds, so it will be 39.99

SYS:Hope this answers your question.

USR:Yes. Thank you

SYS:Anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is all. Thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:I want to check the status of your order because the payment method seems to be wrong.

SYS:Checking on a payment method. Sure thing. I'll be glad to help with that.

SYS:Can I have your full name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you Joyce, I was able to pull up your account

SYS:Could I also have your Account ID and order ID please?

USR:Account ID: LURIQBN6LR

USR:Order ID: 2686155530

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great I was able to pull up the order.  Could you tell me the shipping status next?

USR:Out for Delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out For Delivery has been noted.

SYS:Because the order is already out for delivery I can't change it's payment method. But if you would like we can update your account to use your preferred method for future orders.

SYS:Would that be alright?

USR:Yes, but first, which payment method was used?

SYS:The default payment method right now is set to your Debit Card.

USR:ok, it should be paypal

SYS:Alright, I'll go ahead and switch that over for you.

USR:great

ACT:Order has been updated with PayPal.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:no, that's it.  thank you!

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Yes i'm looking at an item and it way overpriced compared to other companies that have the same thing

SYS:I am sorry about that.  Let me look at it.

SYS:Can I have your name

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Can I have your account id and order id

USR:my account id is 6VHMJVLYTE and my order id is 8601152543

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.  Unfortunately, prices on our site do change based off of demand.  The pricing is our of my control.  I do apologize

SYS:I would recommend checking back as the price may go back down

USR:its nothing you could do about it?

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:As a courtesy I can give you a promo code for 20% off your next purchase

SYS:U764J

USR:ok, great! thank you so much

SYS:You're Welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today

USR:that will be all

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I would like to check on my order status as the cost of shipping was much higher than expected

SYS:No problem, one moment.

SYS:What is your full name or account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:In order to validate your purchase, I need your username, email address, and order ID.

USR: jw460458,  jw460458@email.com, 9440246489

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, what is the shipping status?

USR:Out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:The best I can do is give you a refund for the shipping since it is out for delivery.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

USR:I would just like to see if I can cancel the order and get a refund

SYS:I have refunded the shipping, but you want to cancel the order?

USR:yes please

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:gold

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:Great, I can refund the order immediately but once its delivered you can send it to us.

USR:Thanks

SYS:How much was it?

USR:$133

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $133.

SYS:I have refunded the order. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:Thank you fof your time, that is all

SYS:Great, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp and have a good day!

USR:you as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I do to help you today?

USR:I need to change the phone number on my account because one of the numbers is wrong.

SYS:No worries, can I have your full name?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:And the number on file?

USR:308-373-6661

ACT:A reason of (308) 373-6661 has been recorded.

SYS:And can I have your username, password and email?

USR:jbanter8     RtAukggz    jbanter@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Email didn't seem to work, so can I  have your PIN instead?

USR:oh sorry, typed it wrong. should be jbanter8@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay all good

SYS:What's the new phone number?

USR:308-373-6662

ACT:Account has been updated with (308) 373-6662.

SYS:And everything is updated in our system

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you at the moment?

USR:No, that's all. Thanks.

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Welcome to AcmeBrands., how can i help you?

USR:I want to make purchases but I was late on my gold level subscription payment

SYS:Do you want me to help you pay it?

SYS:What is your full name?

USR:i don't have the money to pay right now

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:OKay so what would you like me to do?

SYS:Do you want an extension?

SYS:what is your account id and order id?

USR:I need to buy clothes for my new baby. I just need to know what happens when your late on a payment

USR:an extension would be perfect

USR:6998 account id

USR:i don't have an order id i haven't placed one yet

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great, what was your previous subscription, gold right?

USR:yes it was

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:good news! gold always gets an extension

ACT:Account has been updated with extension.

USR:awesome. thank you so much.

SYS:You should now have your gold status with an extension to order things

SYS:Do you need anything else?

USR:Thank yo so much

USR:that is all i needed

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello

USR:Can you help me with my account access?

USR:I forgot my username

USR:and can't log on

SYS:Yes, I can. Can you provide your name or account ID?

USR:My names is Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:I've pulled up your account, Chloe. Can you verify your zip code and email address please?

USR:My zipcode is 34867

USR:not sure what email I used for that account. can you verify with a phone number?

SYS:Yes. What is the phone number on the account?

USR:(873) 520-9220

USR:thank you for your assistance!

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:You're welcome. Your username is czhang1. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:omg that's awesome. no that's it for today

SYS:Great! I hope you have a great day!

USR:you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I was thinking of buying a Tommy Hilfiger shirt for my brother and I was wondering how much it would cost to get a name stitched on there?

SYS:I will find this out for you.

USR:Thank you so much.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

SYS:It depends how much text you stitch. It costs 30 cents per character for the first 15, 20 cents for another 15, and 10 cents for any additional characters.

SYS:I hope this answers your question!

USR:Oh!  Okay then, it absolutely does.  I thought it'd be more than that.  Thank you. :)

SYS:Great! thank you for contacting AcmeCorp and have a good day!

USR:You too!

SYS:I appreciate it!!

<|endoftext|>USR:HELLO!

SYS:How can I help you?

USR:I just want to confirm that my package is coming tomorrow afternoon

SYS:Okay, I'd be glad to check on that. Can I have your name?

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:I got an email earlier

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:that said my package will be coming 2 days later

USR:but it should be tomorrow

SYS:Oh I see Ms. Minh.

USR:so is it tomorrow?

SYS:Can I have your account and order ID to verify your identity?

USR:account ID is MKVZVV8J99

USR:and the order # is 3769547169

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, and I also need your username and email.

USR:sure

USR:username is crystalminh660

USR:crystalminh660@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ms. Minh, I was able to establish that the email you received was incorrect and you will receive your order as expected.

USR:ok good

USR:thank you

SYS:You're welcome. Will there be anything else?

USR:no

USR:that was all

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I lost my phone and need to have the two-factor authentication reset, please.

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that. Can I have your full name and email address, please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:safzal50@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:Details of safzal50@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Okay, a link has been sent to your email for you to reset 2fa. I will also send a link to a document outlining best security practices to keep you safe.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no, ty!

SYS:You're welcome! have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi how can i help you

USR:I would like to check the status of my subscription because it was removed from my account.

SYS:What is your full name or account id/

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:can i have your account id and order id?

USR:Account id: AW133545 Order id: 149449

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is active but you have 55 dollars due today

SYS:Do you need anything else?

USR:Okay i would like to pay that now

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:APologies you do not owe anything

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:This link will let you check your status

USR:okay thank yo, that will be all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi this is albert sander i've forgotten my username so i can't access my account. please help

SYS:I'd be happy to help, let me just pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sander.

SYS:Hi Albert, to verify your identity I will need you to confirm your zip code and phone number.

USR:zipcode is 20516 and phone is 507 304 8431

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Your name is Albert Sanders, correct?

USR:yes

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay, sir, I have verified your identity.

SYS:Your username is asanders1

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:ok thank you very much for your help

USR:no thank you

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Credit card keeps getting rejected.

SYS:Hi and welcome to AcmeCorp.  I'm sorry to hear that, I'll be happy to try and fix it for you.

SYS:First, can you log out / log in to your account and try it again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:i tried that, doesn't work.

SYS:Next, can you check the expiration date on your card, it may be expired.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:it is expired. thanks for the info.

SYS:You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Great, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:Hi! I was calling to check the shipping status of my package. I still haven't received it. Its been 9 days already

SYS:I am sorry to hear that. I will look this up. May I have your full name and account ID please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you Norman.

SYS:May I have your username, email address, and order ID to verify your purchase?

USR:Username: normanbouchard056

USR:normanbouchard056@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4443209634

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:And you said it's been 9 days correct?

USR:Yes it has

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:I will send you a new item since you've been waiting so long.

SYS:May I have your home address please?

USR:Thank you. I appreciate it

USR:1177 Lincoln Ave  Brighton, MI 27137

ACT:Order has been updated with 1177 Lincoln Ave Brighton, MI 27137.

SYS:What was the brand and type of item you purchased?

USR:Michael Kors shirt

USR:Michael Kors Jacket

USR:Calvin Klein bootd

USR:boots

SYS:All three?

USR:Yes please

USR:All 3 items

ACT:A purchase of Michael Kors shirt Michael Kors Jacket Calvin Klein boots was made.

SYS:The purchase is done. You'll receive your item within the coming week.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Thank you

USR:Thats all. Thanks

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I be of assistance for you?

USR:Hi, i wanted to check on my order but i forgot my password and cant get in

SYS:Sure. May I have your name please?

SYS:Lets get that reset for you.

SYS:Hello?

SYS:Your chat will time out soon

USR:Sorry

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:And what is the username?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:rd672096

ACT:Details of rd672096 have been entered.

SYS:Do you have your PIN?

SYS:Or security answer?

USR:Singh

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Thank you very much. You new password will be glxi5szafl

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:Wow thanks and i can change it when i get in

USR:Nice it worked

USR:No thanks as long as i can change it now

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Why is your price on the website higher than your competition?

SYS:Our pricing algorithms change the prices dynamically depending on a number of factors, including market size and supplier prices. I know it can be frustrating.

USR:oh, I understand.

SYS:What's your full name so that I can pull up your account?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you, Sanya. I can send you a link to sign up for our newsletter so that you get emails when we have sales going on. Would you like that?

USR:Yes

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Okay, I have sent the link. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hey I need to change my shipping information

SYS:Sure, could I get your full name, please?

USR:yes it's Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thank you, Alessandro. Are you trying to change the address of an open order or the address listed on your account?

USR:Well both I just ordered so I need to make sure that it goes to the correct address and going forward as well

SYS:Okay, do you know the shipping status of the open order?

USR:I have changed the address online but I now need to change the item to the white ck shirt instead sorry

SYS:What would you say your main issue is? We'll start there.

USR:I have so much going on right now I forgot that I made the address change but when I did it would not let me change the item it should be the white calvin klein shirt ordered but I ordered the black instead sorry for the confusion

SYS:Okay, do you know the shipping status of your order?

USR:I need to make sure I have the right item on the way

SYS:I'm sorry but all I can do is the change the address on your account if you do not have the shipping status

SYS:What is the current address on the account?

SYS:Are you there?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I want to think these boots will fit me but they look too thin

USR:I need to know how wide they are or if there's a wide option maybe

SYS:So you have a question about the boots? Sure thing let me check that

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:they're the guess boots for 64

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how2) was selected.

SYS:Generally speaking the boots tend to be a bit wider than the usual sizes, roughly running 1/6 inch larger.

SYS:If sizing did become an issue though you could always take advantage of the free returns.

SYS:Does that information help?

USR:I see

USR:I'll definitely give them a try then

USR:yes thank you

SYS:Was there anything else I could do for you?

USR:thats it have a nice day

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Hi I need to get a refund

SYS:I can definitely help you with that. Can I have your name and some more details please?

USR:Sure. Joseph Banter

SYS:Thank you Joseph and what re you needed a refund for?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:So I got these boots. But I don't like them when I say them live. I would like a refund or an exchange.

SYS:I understand now. Can I have your username, email, and order number please?

USR:jbanter3

USR:jabanter3@email.com

USR:2514635760

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks you. We do have refund options to choose from. Do you have a preference?

USR:Well, what are the options

SYS:We have gift cards, add value, paper check, or back to your credit card.

USR:back to credit card is good

SYS:Ok one moment please.

USR:ok

SYS:Do you know your membership level?

USR:Guest

SYS:And when was the purchase date?

USR:2019-07-21

SYS:Returns are only possible if the order was made within 30 days.

USR:OK. How about an exchange then

SYS:Unfortunately since it is past the 30 days we cant go that route either.

USR:Can you get me an exception?

SYS:I am unable to do that. Im sorry.

USR:so what are my options

SYS:You can keep them.

USR:But they are in their original packaging

SYS:Since it is past the return date we can no longer accept them.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What can I do for you?

USR:Hello, I would like to find out when the annual fee is due for the premium subscription?

SYS:Sure! What is your full name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Thank you Sanya, one moment.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And what are your account and order IDs?

USR:B7YXPOKNDK, 5578191998

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you!

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is active, but you had a $14 bill that was due yesterday.

SYS:Would you like to pay that today?

USR:Ok can I go ahead and pay that

USR:yes please

SYS:Sure. With your card on file?

USR:yes

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

SYS:Done!

USR:thank you

SYS:I'm sending you a link to the site where you can manage this on your own in the future if desired.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:You will need your username to log in, though. Do you know it?

USR:I do

SYS:Great, then you're all set! Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:that is all

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Can you plese confirm the quantity of an order I placed.  I ordered one, but the e-mail confirmation stated two?  Thanks,

SYS:I am happy to help you with that. I will need your full name and account ID.

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:Account ID: IORN5MI5YF

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you. Now I need your order ID.

USR:Order ID: 2132943561

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Now I will check to see if the system made an error.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It seems the email you received was incorrect. You only order one item and the email sent was a mistake.

USR:Great, thank you for confirming.

SYS:Will that be all for today?

USR:Yes, that was it, thanks.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:HI! Thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you>

USR:Hi.  My name is Joyce Wu.  I was just wondering when the fall collection will be available?

SYS:Sure Joyce! Let me look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

SYS:The fall collection will be available on October 3

USR:Ok thank you for checking on that for me.

SYS:No problem, did you have any other questions today?

USR:That's it for today.  Thank you.

SYS:Great! Enjoy the rest of your day

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I would like to know the state of my refund because i want to add an item to my existing refund.

SYS:Okay. You are want to check on the status of your refund and then return another item. Is that correct?

SYS:I'm sorry, I seem to have looked at that wrong. You are wanting to update your refund. Correct?

USR:yes i would like to update date my refund by add a new item

SYS:May I have your full name or ID?

USR:My name is Sanya Afzal and Order ID: 7361094047

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal .

SYS:May I also have your username and email?

USR:USername: sanyaafzal590 and Email: sanyaafzal590@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:May I ask what product you are wanting to return?

USR:not returning anything i am adding a new item to my existing refund of $100

SYS:I apologize. What brand and product type are you wishing to add to your refund?

USR:Its Okay, i am adding Product: Boots, Brand Calvin_Klein, and Amount: $69

ACT:A reason of Calvin_Klein boots has been recorded.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $169.

SYS:Okay, you should receive your full refund within the next few business days. Will that be all for today?

USR:Thank will be all for today, thank you for me helping me today

SYS:You're quite welcome. Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello

SYS:how can i help you

USR:Hi.  My name is Joseph Banter.  My Order ID is 5744282651.  I was wondering if I can move my shipping date to next week to avoid paying fees?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter..

SYS:Sure!

SYS:can i also have your account id please

USR:Yes.  My account ID is 9KKYXLYI00.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is your shipping status please

USR:Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:THanks

SYS:what is your membership level

USR:Bronze

USR:Hello?

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:i can delay shipping date no prolem

USR:Great.  Thank you.

ACT:Order has been updated with next week.

SYS:all set

SYS:Do you need anythign else

USR:No

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi Im trouble adding an item to my cart. Can you help

SYS:Sure, let's see what we can do.

SYS:Can you try to refresh the page and see if it works?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That didnt work. Anything else?

SYS:Try to log out of your account, then log back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That worked. Thanks!

SYS:Great, happy it works. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, is there anything else i can help you with today

USR:have a question about my subscription status

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Okay sure, ask away

USR:i want to know how to maintain it

USR:i want to make sure i have a subscription before i place my order next week

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Okay sure could i get your Full name Account ID and Order ID

USR:BNLFJ7LPTG

USR:5XRQNY5PPP

USR:1382012352

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay, It look like right now your subscription is active but it will expire in three days unless you pay the $20. Would you like to do that right now

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

USR:yes

ACT:System Action: search policy

USR:please charge the card i have on file

ACT:Account has been updated with Renew subscription.

SYS:Okay great sure. I have gone ahead and done that. Is there anything else i can do for you today

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello. Thank you for contacting the customer support team, how may I help you today?

USR:I want to check the status of my order. It says delivered, but that's not the case.

SYS:Id be happy to look into that for you. May I start by getting your full name?

USR:David Williams

SYS:Did you see that notice in an email, or how did you see that notice?

USR:I checked my order statement

SYS:okay

SYS:Just one moment, Mr. Williams.

USR:Okay

USR:Hello?

SYS:Can I also get your username, email address and order ID?

SYS:Sorry for the delay, sir.

USR:My Username is DWilliams, my email is DWilliams@email.com and my account ID is IYSNJW10LG

SYS:Great, and how long have you been waiting for the item?

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Did you have your Order ID, sir?

USR:My order ID is 7060393389, I have been waiting for a week

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Sir, I appreciate your patience and I'm just going to ship you a new item.

USR:Okay, thank you.

SYS:To do that, I'll need your address.

USR:It is 9925 Lexington Ave Monterey, WA 7444

ACT:Order has been updated with 9925 Lexington Ave Monterey, WA 7444.

USR:How long will the shipping take?

SYS:It will be there in less than 1 week. What was the item that you needed shipped.

USR:It was Jeans by Tommy_Hilfiger

ACT:A purchase of Jeans by Tommy_Hilfiger was made.

SYS:Okay, the item will be shipped right out to you. We are so sorry fore the error.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:No, that's it

SYS:We appreciate you shopping with us, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Hi...I just asked for a refund and I would like to check on the status of it

USR:It is for a pair of boots with the id number 5500974873

SYS:Sure! Thanks for the number, could I also have your full name, username and email to verify?

USR:My name is Nomran Bouchard, my username is normanb0 and the email address is normanb9@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Nomran Bouchard.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Your refund has not started online yet, but will start sometime this week and be returned to your original payment method. If not, please contact us again.

SYS:Anything else today?

USR:Thank you so much!

USR:Nothing else for me today...have a good one!

SYS:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I do for you?

USR:Hello. I need to change my shipping details. I am moving next week and the system has my old address.

SYS:Okay, sure

SYS:Do you just need to change your account or do you have a order you placed that needs to be changed?

USR:i need to change the shipping address

USR:im afraid i'll be moved out by the time it gets here

SYS:Okay, can I have your name?

USR:yes it's Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:it says order recieved

SYS:Okay great,

SYS:Can I have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:yes it's chloez55, my email is chloez55@email.com and the order id is 8970987216

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Shipping status of order received has been noted.

SYS:What is the new address?

USR:the address is 4659 woodshore st. brighton mi 41410

ACT:Order has been updated with 4659 woodshore st. brighton mi 41410.

SYS:Okay that has been modified

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that is it, thanks!

SYS:Okay great, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Yes i would like to confrim my shipping address because i just got a email stating a different one. I would like to know do you guys have my correct address on file?

SYS:Okay, can do!

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:yes its, Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And you're contacting us to make sure we have the correct address on file?

USR:yes

SYS:Can I have your account and order ID's?

USR:Account ID: is VSJRD7WDGL and order id is  3620711169

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And just a few more things, your username and email?

USR:sanyaafzal252@gmail.com and username is sanyaafzal252

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:So let me check the system to see if the address is accurate

USR:ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:8825 Lincoln Ave  Raleigh, MI 70603 this is my address

SYS:Ahh, yup it seems that the address on the order doesn't match up with the one on file. Street address is a few numbers off

SYS:Would you like me to update that for you?

USR:yes please

ACT:Order has been updated with Change Address.

SYS:Okay, it's updated and everything should be fine!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:thank yo for your time and help. That will be all

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:I want ti find out what's going on when I search the result which always is 0.

SYS:Let me check.

USR:thanks

SYS:Is an item out of stock on our website?

USR:no, no matter how I search, it always return 0

SYS:Were you searching for a specific item?

USR:Product: Boots  Brand: Guess  Amount: $79

SYS:OK. You mean no search result found?

USR:yes

SYS:OK. I can help.

SYS:Please try logging out of your account and logging back in.

USR:ok

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:I have made a note of it.

SYS:That should get you back in. Anything else I can help with?

USR:that doesn't work

SYS:Sorry that didn't work. Please try the site again in a few minutes. Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

SYS:Hello?

USR:Yes i have a question about your promo codes. I would like to know when can they be used because i been looking at buying some things

SYS:SUre. May I have your name please?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:Yes its, Joseph Banter

SYS:Our promo codes are typically valid for 7 days after they are issued./ You should see the expiration on the bottom.

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question4) was selected.

SYS:Does that answer your question?

USR:yes but i don't see a expiration date on it.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that answered my question, thanks

SYS:If you have problems with it just contact us back. Thanks have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:I'm thinking about buying a few items and would like to know about your return policy

SYS:Sure thing!

SYS:I'd be happy to help

USR:thanks

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Our return policy depends on membership level. Gold can return as often as it likes. Silver members can return items purchased in the last six months, Bronze members can return up to 90 days later, and all other members have a 30 day return policy.

USR:Ok then. That's what I need to know.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help?

USR:I am wanting to buy this shirt but would like to know how big the collar is

USR:Product: shirt  Brand: Calvin_Klein  Amount: $94

SYS:Let me find out for you! One moment, please.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how4) was selected.

SYS:The most common collar size is 15 inches. We do have smaller ones that are comfortable for 14 inches, and the largest ones are best for 16 inches.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:So the larger one would be most likely not to squeeze the neck then>?

SYS:Correct! Most people are fine with the standard 15" size, but if you're worried, go for the 16".

USR:Ok,  thats all i needed  thanks

SYS:You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:I just got my bill, and I got charged twice for one of my items.

SYS:I see, may I have your full name, account and order ID to verify?

USR:My name is Norman Bouchard, my Account ID is 1SGXR1ICBX, and my Order ID is 3779118928

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level by chance?

USR:My membership level is Silver.

SYS:We trust you and will remove the extra fee. How much extra was it?

USR:It was for $49

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

ACT:Order has been updated with 49.

SYS:It has been removed. Anything else today?

USR:No, that was all. Thank you.

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:How can I help you?

USR:my name is Sanya Afzal and I cannot access my account

USR:I forgot my password

USR:I really need to access my account please help me out

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal .

SYS:Sorry to hear and I'd be glad to help.

USR:thanks a lot

SYS:Can I please have your username Ms. Afzal?

USR:I also forgot the username I know the security answer though not sure it thats of help.

SYS:Can you please verify your zip code, email address and phone number?

USR:yeah zipcode 79979 WA

USR:Phone Number: (207) 799-2770

USR:and no mail

ACT:Details of  safzal1 have been entered.

SYS:Great, your username is safzal1

USR:ok what about the password?

SYS:I can't obtain your password, but I can generate a new one for you. Can I have you pin please?

USR:I have the security answer

USR:Ahmed

USR:thats the one

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Here it is, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that would be it

USR:thanks a lot for the assistance

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:So I'm curious if you still haven't shipped my thing

USR:Joyce Wu silver member

SYS:May i have your account ID and order ID also?

USR:0HODGOR9UY

USR:order 4641587618

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:And what is your username please?

USR:I am joycew44

SYS:And you email address please?

USR:joycew44@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:have been back and forth for weeks now about whether this will arrive and if it hasn't shipped by now I'd prefer to terminate the order at this point

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Shipping status of  has been noted.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ok, my system is showing me it has not shipped.

USR:can you just cancel it for me

USR:should be boots

USR:tired of waiting for them

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel.

SYS:Your order has been cancelled and I apologize for the issue.

USR:ok

USR:that should be all for today thank you

SYS:Have a good day and accept our apologies again.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I want to get a pair of jeans

SYS:I would be happy to help you with that.

SYS:Have you picked a pair you would like to order?

USR:I did the guess jeans

SYS:Did you just need help placing the order?

USR:yes

SYS:I can help you with this. Can I get your Full name or Account ID.

SYS:Hello? Are you still there?

USR:yes

USR:chloe zhang

SYS:Let me pull up your account and help you with the Chole.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Did you want to add these jeans to another order?

USR:no

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:I can order the Guess jeans for you Chloe.

ACT:A purchase of Guess jeans was made.

SYS:Do you know your membership level?

USR:In the past I go the same jeans but they didn't fit right.

USR:no

SYS:Were you wanting information about how jeans fit?

USR:just in the past i got the wrong size

SYS:Would you like me to order you the same jeans in a different size?

SYS:Or are you wanting to exchange a pair of jeans?

USR:no not at this point

USR:what is your return policy

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:ok I good thanks for your help

SYS:Ok, if you decide you would like anything else, please do not hesitate to contact us!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi, I have a premium subscription question

SYS:Ok, what is your question?

USR:I got charged twice for my subscription, what is going on?

SYS:Sure, can I get your full name to get started?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Hi Sanya, I will also need your account iD and an order ID

USR:Account ID: NJYC4JF719

USR:Order ID: 4187748569

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, that worked out nicely

SYS:So what member level are you? This changes what I can do

USR:Gold

SYS:OK, that should make things easier

SYS:and how much is your overcharge for?

USR:Not sure, it was just charged twice

SYS:OK, the normal amount is $99

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $99.

USR:Oh great!  Is that all?

SYS:Yes, as a gold customer we generally just give gold members what they want

USR:wonderful, that's it then

SYS:ok, thank you for shopping at AcmeBrands

SYS:I'm glad I could help you today

USR:Yes, thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you today?

USR:hi i was supposed to have $40 worth of credit but its missing from my account

USR:my name is Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:I see, let me look into that for you.

USR:if this helps the $40 credit was supposed to come with a previous purchase as a one time deal

SYS:Okay, thank you for that information.

USR:did you find my missing credit?

SYS:Could I get your name or account ID?

SYS:Sorry, I meant your account ID.

USR:i dont have my account ID but my name is Rodriguez Domingo

USR:my address is 9998 Lexington Ave  Brighton, NY 7202

SYS:Okay, and this was from a previous purchase is that correct?

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

USR:yes it was from my purchase of Calvin Klein jacket for $54

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I'm just checking our system about this.

USR:ok

SYS:I think this may be an issue with your interface.

SYS:Please try logging out of your account then back in again.

USR:ok actually i see the credit now. Thank you for your help

SYS:Please be assured that the credit still shows up in our system.

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:no thank you. have a good day

SYS:Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for choosing AcmeBrands! How can I be of assistance?

USR:Hello, I'm trying to browse products on the website, but it's running really slowly, do you have any suggestions?

SYS:Let me see what I can do.

SYS:Have you tried logging out and back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just tried that, but it didn't seem to help.

SYS:Okay. Another thing that can affect the site speed is if you have a lot of other tabs/software open. Can you try closing that out and refreshing the website to see if it will run faster?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Oh, it seems to be running a lot faster now.

SYS:Great! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No, that's all, thanks so much.

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I would like to check on the status of my oreder because i received an email detailing two items when i only ordered 1 item

SYS:I can look into that for you, can I please have your name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Thank you Sanya, can I also have your account ID and order ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Account ID: ZH0MDIELSR

USR:Order ID: 4444939418

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I apologize, it looks like we made a mistake! Do you know if the order has shipped yet?

USR:Shipping Status: Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of order received  has been noted.

SYS:Great, I can get that refund started for you then. How much was the charge?

USR:Im not sure how much the total charge is but the one item i ordered is

USR:Product: Jacket  Brand: Guess  Amount: $74

SYS:Ok,  thank you. I will go ahead and refund that $74 then.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

USR:OKay thank you

SYS:You're welcome!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:That is everything

SYS:Ok you have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good morning, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I am having some issues with the website running really slow.

SYS:ok, we will do a series of steps and see which one works for you

USR:ok great

SYS:First, are you already trying to log out and log back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I tried doing that

SYS:ok, try browsing other websites apart from ours and see how they run

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Seems that others are working

SYS:To find out, do you have several tabs open in your browser or programs running?

SYS:if so close everything and see how it runs

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I think that seemed to work thanks

SYS:I'm glad to hear it

SYS: a pleasure to help you

USR:That is all I needed, thank you for the help

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:HI! I just got my bill in the mail and I have been charged twice for something I brought

SYS:ok, sorry about that I'd be happy to help

USR:Thank you

SYS:was this your subscription bill you were charged twice for or another purchase?

USR:Something I brought is on my bill twice

SYS:ok, may I have your name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:thank you, may I have your account ID and order ID please Ms Minh

USR:Account ID: ITIHQWWENL

USR:Order ID: 4644038695

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:OK, good news, the bill you were emailed was incorrect - don't worry you will only be charged for one item.

SYS:was there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is great! Thank you. Nothing else

SYS:ok, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I need to get my bill fixed.  I got charged twice for my premium subscription.

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:And your account and order ID'?

USR:Account ID: 1OCITY3VMJ

USR:Order ID: 3389921941

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And can I ask your membership level?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:And how much of a refund are you asking for?

USR:the amount of the second charge of the subscription

SYS:Do you have that number?

USR:I believe it was 54

SYS:Okay, that's what I can give you then

USR:Thanks

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $54.

SYS:And everything should be all in the clear

USR:thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no thats all

SYS:Then have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp how may I help you?

USR:The payment method of my order looks to be wrong.

SYS:Oh no, I can look into that for you.

SYS:Just to verify you need to change the payment method?

USR:yes

SYS:May I have your full name or Account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:What is the current payment method that is wrong?

USR:I wanna use debit and not PayPal

ACT:A reason of PayPal has been recorded.

SYS:I will need to verify your identity do you have your username, email address, and order id?

USR:Order ID: 1883745778

USR:no username and email

SYS:Do you have your zipcode, telephone, or pin number?

USR:2613

USR:(317) 274-6245

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, and you would like to change to debit correct?

USR:yes

ACT:Account has been updated with debit card.

SYS:This has been updated, is there anything else I may do for you today?

USR:no

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrand today. How may I help you?

USR:Hi, I have a problem with my payment

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Let's see what I can do to help.

SYS:What exactly was the issue?

USR:You took payment two times from me.

USR:Please correct

USR:This situation

SYS:Alright let me look into this for you.

USR:You have to cancel one of them

SYS:Can I have your full name and account ID please?

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:Account ID: LTYNRF7GUY

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you Crystal. I was able to pull up your account.  Could I have your Order ID as well to validate your identity?

USR:Order ID: 8391616936

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay, everything looks good. Now what is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Let me check with the system to see what happened.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:According to our system. The amount charged was correct.

USR:But I see my bank account two times

SYS:This may have been  a previous payment that was not taken at the correct time.

SYS:incorrect*

SYS:I'm sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused but there is nothing I can do about it on my end.

USR:Ok, thank you I'll check my account again

SYS:Alright, was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Again, I'm sorry about the issue. If you still feel it was in error feel free to contact us again. Have a great day!

USR:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:The thing I wanted was so much cheaper yesterday.

USR:I want to know why there is such a big difference in the cost

SYS:Ill take a look. May I have your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Can I have your account ID and Order ID?

USR:BSIBRAYFRL

USR:8308745712

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Sometimes our prices tend to change for various reasons. Sales and end of season or the most common reasons.

USR:Well, that's not cool.

USR:I understand over a month or so, but compared to yesterday?

SYS:May I offer you a Promo Code?

USR:Yeah, that'd be good I guess.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Yea we tend to make the adjustment once rather than over time. Please use this promo code for 20% off.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:I have a question about an order I am trying to make

USR:no matter how many times I try your system is rejecting my credit card

SYS:Okay to start could you log out and log in on your account please and try again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:hold on

USR:no it didn't work

SYS:Okay, could you check your credit cards expiration date please

ACT:Details of Troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:It's not until 2023

SYS:Okay, looks like a site error i will make the purchase for you

USR:ok it was the tommy hilfiger jeans

SYS:could you give me the card number and expiration date please as long as the item you want to purchase

USR:tommy hilfiger jeans for $59

USR:Use the credit card info that's on my account

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Jeans was made.

SYS:Okay i did, the item will be delivered to you soon. Is there anything else i can help you with today

USR:that's it

USR:thanks

SYS:Okay have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for choosing AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Can you please tell me if the store has any medium Calvin Klein shirts in stock?

SYS:I'll be glad to assist you!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:Which size are you looking for, please?

USR:Medium

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other2) was selected.

SYS:Great! Our Calvin Klein shirts come in a wide variety of sizes. If you check the product page on the website and you don't see your size listed, we are currently out of stock.

SYS:We restock around the second week of the month, so you may check back again at that time.

USR:Oh, OK.  I will check back then, thank you.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other2) was selected.

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:That's all, thanks again.

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I'm trying to figure out the color of some jeans, could you help me out?

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that. May I ask who I am speaking with?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:Were you just wondering if a certain color was available?

USR:I was trying to figure out if they were dark blue or black actually.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other2) was selected.

SYS:Our jeans come in a wide variety of fades and colors. We do have dark blues as well as black. If they are black the color will be listed as jet blakc.

SYS:black. Sorry!!

USR:Oh alright, thanks so much.

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with today Norman?

USR:No, that was all, have a nice day.

SYS:Thanks Norman, you have a nice day too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! HOw may I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:I want to check my shipping status because i never received my package

SYS:Of course. May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Chloe Zhang

USR:Account ID: ZS4HVKODZL

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:May I have your user name, email address, and order ID please?

USR:Username: chloezhang110

USR:Email Address: chloezhang110@email.com

USR:Order ID: 6285312256

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:How long have you been waiting for your package?

SYS:Hello? Can you please respond in a timely fashion.

USR:Hi

USR:I made the purchase on the 13th of March

SYS:That is far too long. I will resend your package. May I have your address?

USR:Yeah

USR:7017 Lincoln Ave  San Mateo, WA 34288

ACT:Details of 7017 Lincoln Ave San Mateo, WA 34288 have been entered.

SYS:What is the brand of the product?

USR:Guess

SYS:and the product?

USR:Jacket

ACT:A purchase of Guess Jacket was made.

SYS:I have made your purchase and it will be sent to you within a weke.

SYS:week*

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Okay

USR:Thanks

USR:That will be all

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there, how can I help you?

USR:I ordered this jacket but I've changed my mind and I don't really want it

SYS:Okay no problem. I'll help you with this issue. One moment please

USR:thanks

SYS:I will need to know your order ID, username, and email to up the order.

USR:ID is 2753259260, username is sanyaafzal977 and email is sanyaafzal977@email.com and I just ordered it so I know that it hasn't shipped yet

SYS:Ok, I can send you a refund either via a prepaid gift card, by adding value to your account, by check, or refund to credit card.

SYS:Which do you prefer?

USR:refund to cc so I can go eat some sushi, please

SYS:That sounds delicious :) One more thing - can you confirm the dollar amount of your order?

USR:it was $99

USR:thanks, you're a doll

SYS:Ok, your order has been refunded. Is there anything else I can help with?

SYS:No problem!

USR:that's it, have a great night, thanks

SYS:Great you too. Bye now

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A reason of changed mind has been recorded.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $99.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Yes i had a shipping date for tomorrow but i just received an item saying otherwise. So i would like to know if my order set to be delivered tomorrow

SYS:Okay so you received an email stating a different delivery date?

USR:yes so i would like to know if it will be shipping tomorrow

SYS:Okay

SYS:Can I get your full name and account ID?

USR: Rodriguez Domingo and account id is XPHWSID6LB

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Can I also get your Order ID?

USR:6451164534

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay next I will need your username, and email address

USR:username rd704466, email is rd704466@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay it looks like the email was correct

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience

SYS:I will update your order immediately to ensure it is delivered tomorrow as originally promised

USR:ok, great

ACT:Order has been updated with change date.

SYS:Your order has been updated

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:thanks, that will be all

SYS:All right. Well Thanks for reaching out and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

USR:I have a question, can you help me?

SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I'm thinking about buying some stuff, and I see there is an annual sale.

USR:I just want to know when that sale ends, so I can try to make my purchases before then.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Let me check that information for you...

ACT:System Action: search timing

SYS:The sale ends on January 31.

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question3) was selected.

USR:Ended?

USR:Or it ends next Jan 31st?

SYS:The sale occurs between January 23 and January 31 each year.

USR:Ah, ok. Gotcha.

SYS:You can subscribe to our newsletter for news and updates for things like sales and special offers.

USR:Ok, good to know.

SYS:Is there any other questions you have today?

USR:Nope that was all I was curious about.

SYS:Have a great day.

USR:Ok, you too.

<|endoftext|>SYS:how may i help you today?

USR:Hey, I'm trying to find out some answers about my subscription

USR:Like what kind do I have

SYS:if i understand correctly, you would like to check the status of your subscription to see if it is active?

USR:Yes and find out what benefits it has.

SYS:i see, i can assist you with that today

USR:Great!

SYS:just to clarify, you are asking about an already existing subscription, or would you like to know the benefits of different subscription tiers?

USR:Both

USR:I want to know about my existing subscription and what benefits my subscription has

SYS:great!

SYS:first i will need your full name and account id to pull up the account

USR:Ok my name is Chloe Zhang

USR:Account ID is SMBYQD0UU9

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:and lastly may i have your order id

USR:My order ID is 9471897873

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:thank you one moment

USR:Excellent, I'm waiting

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:it looks like you do have a subscription active, there is a balance of $14 due tomorrow to keep it active

USR:Okay, yeah I want to pay to keep it active.

SYS:ok, do you have a credit card youd like me to use, or shall i use the one on file

USR:Use the one on file, that's fine

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subsciption.

SYS:ok i have taken care of that

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

USR:Excellent, thanks for your help with that.

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with today?

USR:That was it, thanks again

SYS:have a good day

USR:You too, bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello. Can you tell me what happens if I'm late on a subscription payment?

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:thanks Chloe.

USR:I want to buy some clothes for a job interview, but I haven't paid my subscription.

SYS:Got it. I need to verify your identity first.  I  need your account id and order id please.

USR:Hmm I don't have either. My address is 8978 Kennedy St  Newark, CA 1255 and my phone is (913) 173-1617

SYS:give me a second.

USR:Ok

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

SYS:A late fee will be charged for any late payment for a subscription service.

USR:Damn. How much?

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Guest

SYS:then the fee is $2.00 per day past the monthly payment deadline.

USR:Oh that's not bad. Okay.

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Nope that's all, thanks!

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too. :-)

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:I wanted to check on my refund, and see if I could add an item to it

SYS:I would be happy to assist with that. Can I have your name?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Can I have your username, email address and order id?

USR:Username: cm985184

USR:Email Address: cm985184@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4738686789

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is the new item you want to return?

USR:A calvin klein tshirt

ACT:A reason of calvin klein tshirt has been recorded.

SYS:How much was the shirt and what was the amount of the original refund

USR:the shirt is 74

USR:and the original refund was 100

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $174.

USR:great, thanks

SYS:Thank you! I have updated your refund.  Anything else I can assist with today?

USR:nope, that's it

SYS:Thank you for contacting us. Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrand, how may I help you?

USR:I would like to know what happened if I am late on a subscription payment

SYS:Sure thing let me look that information up for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

USR:ok

SYS:Being late on a payment will in most cases incur a late fee at $2 per day added to your bill. The exception for this is that Gold and silver members are given a 5 day grace period.

SYS:Did you have any other questions or concerns for me?

SYS:Are you still there?

USR:Yes, sorry about that

USR:thank you for the information

SYS:No problem.

USR:that is everything

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hi

SYS:Hi.  What can I do for you?

USR:I want to get an item, but I'm unable to\

USR:as items added to my cart aren't coming up

SYS:Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  I have some quick tricks that often help with website issues, but if none of those work, I should be able to place an order for you manually

SYS:Is it just the shopping-cart section of the site that's giving you trouble today?

USR:yes just that.

SYS:Okay, I know it sounds basic, but sometimes just refreshing the page is enough to get it to work

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Is your cart accepting items after reloading the page?

USR:No it doesn't

SYS:Okay.  One other simple trick is to log out of the website and then log back in.  Sometimes that quick reset is all the page needs to start working again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Just did

SYS:I see.  Is it still giving you the same problem?

USR:same

SYS:I see, well I can probably take your order manually, however just to be sure, is the item that you were looking at currently in stock

USR:are you there

SYS:There might be a message in the lower left corner if it's out of stock.  That can be easy to miss on the product page

USR:how did I miss that.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Oh, I see.  Well at least we've found the problem

SYS:Sorry about that item being out of stock.  Is there anything else I could assist you with while we're here?

USR:That's all

SYS:Okay, have a great day

USR:And you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello. I have an issue with my credit card. I know it's a good card, but you keep rejecting it when I try to make a purchase

USR:Can you help me fix this?

SYS:I'm sorry your having a problem placing your order. I'd be happy to help you. Can you give me your name or account ID?

USR:Okay

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:Joseph, can you try logging out of your account and then back in to see if it will accept the card now?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yes. I can try that

USR:I just logged out and then back in, but my card is still being rejected

SYS:Okay. Delete all of the payment information and then enter it in again. Let me know what happens.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay give me a moment

USR:That didn't work either!! :(

SYS:Alright. Take a look at your credit card and check the expiration date. It may have expired.

USR:Okay....

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:Oh, I feel so stupid! My card expired in 2019

USR:That's why it's not working

USR:I'm so sorry with bothering you with this

USR:*for bothering

SYS:You'll just need to use a different card for your purchase and it should work fine. It's no trouble. I'm happy to help. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Okay. I will use another card

USR:I don't need anything else. Thanks for your service :)

SYS:You're welcome! Have a great day!

USR:You also

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may I help you today?

USR:I received my item that I had purchased for my daughter, but it had a stain on it, and I'd like to return it.

SYS:i can initiate a refund due to a stain for you today, if you wish

USR:Yes, thank you.

SYS:i will first need your full name to pull up the account

USR:My name is Crystal Minh

SYS:thank you

USR:You're welcome

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:i will also need your username, email address, and order number to pull up the order

USR:My username is crystalminh758, my email is crystalminh758@email.com, and my order number is 5777534560

USR:Hello?

SYS:sorry

SYS:one moment i am pulling it up now

USR:Thank you.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:and what is your membership level

USR:My membership level is gold

SYS:ok

SYS:i can process this return for you now apologize for the delay

USR:Thank you!

SYS:since you will print the shipping label, i need your full adress

USR:My address is 8575 Primrose Ave, Raleigh MI, 42583

ACT:Details of 8575 Primrose Ave, raleigh, MI, 42583 have been entered.

SYS:and would you like to return the item by mail, in store, or at a drop off point

USR:I can just mail it.

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:ok you are all set is there anything else i can help with

USR:No, that was it!

SYS:i wish you a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme support. How can I help you today?

USR:Is it possible to change the delivery on an order?  I would like it to be delayed in order to avoid extra fees.  Thanks.

SYS:Sure, I can look into that for you. May I have your full name, please?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Great, now I need to get a little info to pull up the order. Can I have your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:Account ID: APPUWHY2OQ

USR:Order ID: 9975857681

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, now can you tell me the shipping status?

USR:oh, it says out for delivery.  Probably too late to change?

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Let's see if there is anything I can do to help. What is your subscription level?

USR:member level is silver

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:Because we value our Silver customers, I'll credit the shipping fee back to your account, if you'd like?

USR:Thank you very much.

SYS:No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, thank you again for your help!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, what can I do for you?

USR:I have a question about some jeans on your site

USR:I might want to buy these but I'm not sure

USR:I don't know if they will go with this shirt I have

USR:Do you know, are the jeans dark blue or are they black?

SYS:Okay, what is your question?

USR:Are they dark blue or black?

USR:Hello?

USR:Do you know?

SYS:sorry

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:I am asking about the $54 Calvin Klein jeans on your site

SYS:You would like to know the color?

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:yes

USR:are they dark blue or black?

USR:They look blue in the photo online

USR:But i am not sure

SYS:They are blue

USR:Oh great

USR:Are they dark blue?

SYS:yes dark blue

USR:perfect

USR:I think I will buy them then

USR:That's all I needed to know

SYS:great anything else I can help you with?

USR:nope

USR:thank you

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hello. I have a few questions

SYS:Okay, I'll try to get a few answers

USR:Im thinking of buying a few items for spring but Im having a hard time with you site

USR:CAn you tell me when the spring collection will be available?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

SYS:Our spring collection just opened up on April 3rd, so you are right on time

SYS:Do you have some other questions?

USR:Great. Also with most states being under stay at home orders, do you know how much time my order would take to be delivered to Washington?

SYS:It would depend on the shipping level that you select at checkout.  We could even offer overnight shipping if you would like.  Otherwise, it might take 3-5 days

USR:That is wonderful. Last question... Will there be any sales to promote the spring collection?

SYS:Not at this time, sorry.  Our annual sale runs for the week of January 23rd through the 31st

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No thats all

USR:thank you very much

SYS:You're welcome.  Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I need access to my account but I lost my phone and can't use the 2 factor authentication

SYS:I am sorry to hear that.  Let's see what we can do about that.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:i don;t have that but my user name is josephb2

ACT:Account has been pulled up for josephb2.

SYS:Ok I have pulled up your account, can you give me an email address?

USR: josephb2@email.com

ACT:Details of josephb2@email.com have been entered.

SYS:I am going to send a reset code to that email address.

SYS:Also for the future, I am including a link that will keep you informed on best practices for security in the future.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:thanks

SYS:The reset code will give you access to your account and you can make all the changes you need from there.

USR:ok great

SYS:You are most welcome!  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Fantastic, well you have a great rest of your day!

USR:you to

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:Yes i wanted to know when i can use the promo code

SYS:Ok. give me one second

SYS:Are you inquiring when it expires?

USR:i wanted to know when i can start using it. Because i was thinking about buying some stuff very soon

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:and wanted to use it but it doesn't say when it can be used

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question4) was selected.

SYS:You can start using your promotional code the day you receive it and it is valid for 7 days.

USR:Okay, great!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that will be all. Thank you so much for your help

SYS:You're welcome. I hope you have a great day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I help you?

USR:Hi I have a question about my account.

SYS:What is your question?

USR:I'm not sure if I am late on my premium subscription. can you check for me?

SYS:Sure, can I have your name?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Can I have your account and order ID?

USR:DJEEUR73JW

USR:8596674162

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:It looks like your subscription isn't active and there is an amount due of $14.

USR:ok can you pay that with the card on file?

SYS:Sure, and here is a link so you can easily access your account.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok thanks

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:You are all set is there anything else?

USR:no that's it

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi what can I do for you?

USR:I am really frustrated. I try and search for an item and 0 results are returned. Why doesn't the search bar work?

SYS:Let me troubleshoot for you

SYS:Can you try to log out and log back in

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I tried that. It didn't work.

SYS:Okay next thing to try is to clear your cookies

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I cleared my cookies. That didn't work, either. I am so aggravated.

SYS:I am very sorry I am doing the best I can

SYS:I will notify the internal web team

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:What were you searching for?

USR:boots by Calvin Klein.

SYS:I can make this purchase for you if you'd like

USR:OK. That would be great.

SYS:Can I have your credit card information?

USR:It is on file.

SYS:Okay

ACT:A purchase of Calvin Klein boots was made.

SYS:They will be shipped to you

SYS:Sorry about the issue

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that is all. Thank you.

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I am having an issue with the website. Whenever I try to search for a product it lags out and gives me the spinning wheel of death.

SYS:I see, I apologize for this, one moment please as I figure this out for you.

USR:Sure

SYS:So basically the website is very slow, correct?

USR:Yes

SYS:Got it, I am going to notify the internal team of this issue.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:Can you try logging in and out of your account to see if that does anything?

USR:Sure one moment

USR:It did not seem to help at all

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:I see, there are a couple more things we can try.

SYS:If you visit another website is it slow as well?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Let me see.. yeah I guess Google is a bit slow as well

SYS:Ah, my apologies but then this must be an issue with your internet and not the AcmeCorp website.

USR:Alright, I will try again later on.. thanks anyway

SYS:No problem, is there anything else I

SYS:I can help you with today!

USR:Nope, that should do it

SYS:Great, don't hesitate to contact acmecorp with any future issues.

SYS:Have a good day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you today?

USR:Hello. I want some information about the membership levels. I am considering buying some things and would like to know more about membership.

SYS:Sure thing, can I get your first name, to better address you?

USR:Sanya

SYS:Thanks Sanya! Let me find that info for you, give me one second.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:So we have three membership levels. They are Bronze, Silver, and Gold.

SYS:We try to keep it simple here, unlike some stores that use confusing terms like Platinum, Super exclusive, etc.

USR:Ok. Can you tell me what benefits and rewards are associated with each level?

SYS:Sure. All members get an invitation to the annual holiday extravaganza with an open bar and free flights from anywhere in the US. Bronze members get reduced shipping fees and promo codes.

SYS:Silver members get the same as bronze, plus agents can make purchases on their behalf and they can cancel orders at anytime.

SYS:Gold members get all the previous, plus unlimited refunds and benefit of the doubt in any and all transactions.

USR:Thank you. Do any of the levels receive free shipping? I am interested in free shipping because I plan on ordering many things.

SYS:I can't actually see anywhere where it says specifically free shipping, but there are reduced shipping fees at the Bronze level and above.

USR:How much is shipping reduced?

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:I can't actually see that here unfortunately, I think it depends on the quantity of items ordered and the overall order price.

USR:Alright. Can you tell me how I become a member?

SYS:A percentage of that will be reduced depending on member level.

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Sure, you earn it by making repeated purchases over a period of time. If you have made more than $500 worth of purchases within the last year, you qualify for Bronze.

SYS:Silver is for $1000, and Gold is for $2000.

USR:Good. You have answered all my questions for today. Thank you.

SYS:Ok great! Are you sure there isn't anything else I can help you with?

USR:One more question. Are there any special sales or discounts offered for the members?

SYS:Not specifically, but you do receive the benefits I specified earlier.

USR:Okay.

SYS:Anything else?

USR:No. Thank you.

SYS:Excellent. Have a great day!

USR:You too. Good bye.

SYS:Bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good morning, how can I help you?

USR:hi I have changed my mind and would like to get my refund before it ships

USR:0681998004

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:Sure, would you tell me why you want to make a refund?

USR: I found it cheaper online

SYS:ok thanks!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS: additional to this you would give me the username and email

USR:ok please hold

USR:jw077096

SYS:don't worry

USR:jw077096@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:everything in order, would you tell me which payment method you want

SYS:we have credit card, paper check and gift card and add value to your account

USR:refund to pay pal

SYS:gift card you mean?

USR:Just send me a check

ACT:A reason of paper check has been recorded.

SYS:ok, would you give me your full address

USR:0910 Brushwick Dr  La Fayette, NY 95

ACT:Details of 0910 Brushwick Dr La Fayette, NY 95 have been entered.

SYS:ok would you tell me now the amount of your purchase.

SYS:Mr. Joyce?

USR:yes

USR:59

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $59.

SYS:all set!

USR:thank you

USR:yes all set

SYS:a pleasure to help you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I'm thinking about buying a jacket and would like to get some information about it.

SYS:No problem. What would you like to know about the jacket?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:What is this made of?

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (other4) was selected.

SYS:The exterior of the jacket is made of synthetic materials, which includes polyester, nylon, and tricot, to make the jacket wind-proof.

SYS:On the inside, the jacket is lined with cotton for optimal insulation to retain as much body heat as possible.

USR:And how would I wash this? I don't want something that I have to dry clean.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how2) was selected.

SYS:You do not need to dry clean. You can wash this jacket in the washer and dried in a normal dryer. The fabric is high quality so it will not wear and tear from normal washing and drying. However, we suggest that you use low heat when drying to avoid s

SYS:to avoid shrinkage*.

USR:Sounds good to me.  I think it's just what I need. Thanks for your help.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No thank you.

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help?

USR:Hi....i received an email saying that i was charged 40$ for a premium subscription but I did not ask for it. Is it possible to be reimbursed?

SYS:May I have your name or account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal....I don't remember my account id

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ok, our system is showing an extra service was added.

SYS:Let me remove that for you and get a refund initiated.

USR:Thank you so much!

ACT:Account has been updated with Remove service.

SYS:I have ended the premium subscription.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

USR:Perfect!

SYS:$40 will be credited to your account shortly.

SYS:Is there any other issues I can help you out with?

USR:nothing else...thank you and have a good day!

SYS:You too.

<|endoftext|>USR:I would like to know when the spring collection drops?

SYS:hello, how can i help you

SYS:I will be happy to help you with that.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:OKay, thank you

SYS:For our spring collection it will drop on april 3rd.

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

SYS:Do you need any more help

USR:Okay, that is everything I needed help with

SYS:have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Yes i never received my package and would like to check the shipping status, please

SYS:Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  Let me see what I can find out for you

USR:ok

SYS:May I ask your full name, username, email, and your order ID

USR:sure, its Norman Bouchard, usernamenb192586. email is  nb192586@email.com and the order id is  8248333284

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And how long have you been waiting on this shipment?

USR:9 long days

SYS:Oh, I'm very sorry to hear that.  Since it's been so long, I can send a replacement order to you at no additional charge.  It appears that the package must have been lost, or maybe even stolen from a mailbox

USR:okay, thank you

SYS:Just to make sure, may I ask you again for your shipping address?

USR:9833 2nd Ave  Raleigh, CA 17705

SYS:and for the brand name and product that you had ordered (for example "Guess Jeans")

ACT:Order has been updated with 9833 2nd Ave Raleigh, CA 17705.

USR:Calvin Klein Shirts

ACT:A purchase of Calvin Klein Shirt was made.

SYS:Okay, I'll get that shipped out to you right away.

USR:great, thank you

SYS:We're very sorry that you had to wait so long, but is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that will be all

SYS:Glad I could help.  Have a great day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I am looking to buy some boots

USR:I wanted to buy from you but I noticed Amazon has the exact same boots for 55

SYS:May I have your name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:thanks

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:which boots are you looking for?

USR:Calvin Klein Boots 69 dollars

USR:they are an ankle boot with a wedge heel

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:gold

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:Let me check if I can do a price match for you.

SYS:We can do a price match for you!

USR:That would be great!

USR:I will take them then

SYS:I will give you a promo code.

USR:okay

SYS:HAPPYSHOPPING is the promo code.

USR:got it

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you?

USR:that's it, thanks

SYS:Have a nice day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you?

USR:Hello, I'm trying to purchase something, but the shipping cost is really expensive, is there anyway I can get it lowered?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:You can qualify for free shipping if your cart adds up to $25 or more. Are you planning on making that big of a purchase today?

USR:Yes, it will be around $84.

SYS:Perfect! Well you qualify for free shipping then. Do you have any other questions for me today?

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question4) was selected.

USR:No, that was everything, thanks.

SYS:You're welcome! Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello! HOw may I help you?

USR:I was wondering when the spring collection will be available for purchasing?

SYS:I can find that information for you!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:Thank you!

SYS:April 3rd! So coming up very soon!

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

USR:Do you know for how long the Spring Collection will be available? I may not be able to buy anything right away.

SYS:The summer collection will roll out on July 3rd.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Perfect! Also before I go are there any states you cannot order from and get shipped to? I currently live in Texas.

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:We can ship to Texas

USR:That's great! Thank you so much for your time!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I'm looking at a shirt and would like to get some info about it

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:Okay, what would you like to know?

USR:I would like to know what type of material it is made of.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other4) was selected.

SYS:We use 100% natural fibers like cotton, linen, and wool. Pure cotton is our most popular material.

USR:So this one is probably cotton?

SYS:Yes, to be sure you can check the label on the collar.

USR:Ok then. So I would have to order it first and then check it later.

SYS:I guess so. But you can be sure that it's 100% natural.

USR:Ok. Thanks for the info.

SYS:Of course! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that's all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:hello?

SYS:hi!

SYS:how can I help you?

USR:I need to return the boots I ordered.  They are not the color i thought they would be

SYS:sure I can help you with that. Are you looking to replace them or just return them for a refund?

USR:Lets exchange them for the black ones

SYS:Can I have your name please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:and your user name please?

USR:davidwilliams390

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:can I get your order ID and account ID as well please?

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

USR:5646272355

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:hi

USR:I signed up for the premium membership, is there a way to get an extension as it is still active?

USR:id just need a couple days to come up with the full amount

SYS:Can I get your full name and account ID, please?

USR:Joyce Wu 3ENE8VN3EQ

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, I was able to successfully verify your account

SYS:What level of membership are you?

USR:bronze

SYS:I'm sorry, I can't offer an extension to bronze level members.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I see, I guess I will have to redo it when I can

USR:no that was all

SYS:Okay, sorry again, and have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I didn't receive my money after I already returned the product.

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that.

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please?

USR:My full name is Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Can you please tell me your username, email address, and order ID so that I can verify your purchase?

USR:My username is jw745006, my email address is jw745006@email.com, and order ID is 4316085224

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Can you please tell me how long you have been waiting for your refund?

USR:It has been 4 days

ACT:A reason of 4 has been recorded.

SYS:Do you know your membership level?

USR:It is Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Refunds may take up to 7 days, but since we highly value our Gold members, I can process your refund right away.

SYS:Please give me a moment.

USR:Thank you!

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:I've successfully processed your refund.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, Have a great day!

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi! how can i helpyou today

USR:Hi, I'm having problems

USR:I found something I want, but everytime I click add to cart, it just doesn't

USR:Like, I click add to cart and try to checkout and there is nothing there...

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:OKay, can you please try refreshing the page and add the item again?

USR:Ok, like refresh the browser page, right?

SYS:yep!

USR:Ok, tried, and it's still not working.

USR:so frustrating :(

SYS:Try logging out and logging back in

SYS:i'm sorry!

USR:Ok, give me a minute, I have to find the piece of paper with my password on it again

SYS:okay, take your time

USR:OK, I tried it and it still isn't working

SYS:Can you check if the item is out-of-stock , itwill be on the bottom left hand side

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

USR:All the way at the bottom of the page?

SYS:Yes! on the bottom left hand side

USR:Oh! It does say out of stock! I swear it didn't say that the first time clicked add to cart!

SYS:no problem!!

SYS:do you need help with anythign else?

USR:No, I guess not. Do you know if it will be coming back into stock?

SYS:it will be in the next week

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help today?

USR:Hi, I have a question about the store.

USR:I was wondering about your return policy.

USR:I need to buy some stuff and I might not end up needing it.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Our policy on returns depends on membership level.  Gold = unlimited returns. Silver = returns are allowed for purchases made in the past 6 months.  Bronze = returns are allowed for purchases in the past 90 days.  All other members can return purchas

USR:Are guest members not allowed to make returns?

SYS:Sorry - the last part cut off.

SYS:All other members (including guests) can return purchases from the past 30 days.

USR:Oh okay.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That sounds pretty good.

USR:Nope, that's all. Thanks

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello how are you doing today

USR:I need some help regarding my account

SYS:hello

SYS:What is the issue with your account?

USR:I ordered some clothing items and put in the wrong address

SYS:You want to change your address now?

USR:Yes please

USR:I currently moved and put in my old shipping address

USR:I need to put in my new address

SYS:Please give me your full name

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:What is the current status of the order?

USR:It says out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Now I need to validate your purchase

SYS:give me your username, email and order id

USR:my user name is cminh058

USR:my email address is cminh058@email.com

USR:my order id is 6345095533

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Verified!

USR:Thank you so much

ACT:Order has been updated with Change Address.

USR:ok do you have my new address

SYS:Send me your new address

USR:It is 1324 Bricktown Lane La Fayette, TX 58738

ACT:Order has been updated with 1324 Bricktown Lane La Fayette, TX 58738.

USR:Thank you so much and have a good day

SYS:Address updated

SYS:I wish you the same

USR:Bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello

USR:hi

USR:Hi had placed an order and I wanted to move the shipping to next week delivery. I do not want to pay any shipping fee

SYS:Let's see what we can do about it

SYS:Give me your fullname

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Now I need to verify your identity

USR:sure

SYS:Give me your account id and order id

USR:Account ID: TOET4AJUUW

USR:Order ID: 4516661293

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Verified!!

SYS:What is the status of your order?

USR:in transit

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

SYS:Since the order has already shipped the date can't be altered

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

USR:I was hoping I don't have to pay the shipping fee

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:I will add a credit back into your account for the shipping fee

SYS:I have notify the support team in charge. You will receive the credit very soon

SYS:Would this be all for today?

USR:Thank you so much

USR:Yes please

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help today?

USR:I have a question about an item I ordered

SYS:Okay! What would you like to know?

USR:I ordered a tommy hilfiger jacket but it's in the wrong color. how do I return it?

SYS:I'm happy to help you with that. Can I get your full name, please, so that I can pull up your account?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:Thank you, Albert. While I do that, can you please send me your email address and order ID, so that I can validate your purchase?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:albertsanders324@email.com

USR:5953063517

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And lastly, can I have your username, please?

USR:albertsanders324

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Validated, thank you!

SYS:When did you purchase the item?

USR:September 2019

SYS:Okay, and what is your membership level?

USR:gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Great, then you can return for free with no problem!

SYS:Can you please send me your full address so that I can create a shipping label for you?

USR:great! it's albertsanders324@email.com

SYS:Physical address, that is.

USR:5164 Lincoln Ave  Jacksonville, WA 42476

USR:sorry

ACT:Details of 5164 Lincoln Ave Jacksonville, WA 42476 have been entered.

SYS:No worries.

SYS:How would you like to process the return? By mail, or in store or drop off center?

USR:by mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Okay. You're all set, Albert!

SYS:You should be receiving the shipping label shortly.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:that's it

USR:thanks for your help

SYS:Okay, have a nice day!

SYS:You're welcome!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hi.  I seem to have forgotten my username

SYS:Okay lets get that for you, could i get your Full Name Zip Code Email Adress and Phone Number please

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:65544

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Phone Number: (141) 202-4374

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:And I don't have an email address

SYS:Okay, your username is safzal1

SYS:try logging in with that

USR:Ok great.  Can you hold on

USR:Yes.  That seems to work.

USR:Thanks!

SYS:Glad to hear it, can i help you with anything else

USR:No that's all

SYS:Okay, have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I assist you?

USR:I need to access my account but lost phone for two factor authentication

SYS:Oh I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you with that. Can I get your name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Thanks, Albert. Can I please get your email address. I'll have to send a special code to it.

USR:as279055@email.com

ACT:Details of as279055@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Perfect. I will be sending you a link to reset the two-factor authentication. In that link I will also attach a link about security best practices as well for future use.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Because of recent health rules My income changed and I have to modify my shipping details.. I think I need to cancel an order.

SYS:Sure, I can help you do that. First, I need your full name or account ID please.

USR:I also ordered a slightly different item than I wanted. I just want to get a refund on the Calvin K. shirt. Account ID: 1UB0JWZ2HV

ACT:Account has been pulled up for 1UB0JWZ2HV.

SYS:and your name?

USR:It's probably easiest to just cancel the whole order for me. I'm Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:OK, I can do that for you. Finally, I need the order ID for the order you wish for me to cancel for you.

USR:7119625508

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Alright, do you know the current shipping status of the order?

USR:It seems to be listed as "Out for delivery"?

SYS:Alright, since it is already out for delivery, I can not just cancel the order.  What membership level are you?

USR:silver

SYS:OK, so what we can do is this. I can refund your purchase price, and then you will need to return the item once you receive it. When you get the package, just contact us again, and we will get you the return label.

SYS:Does that work for you?

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

USR:Sure, I guess.

USR:I'll do that then, goodbye.

SYS:How much did the order come out to?

SYS:So I can refund the payment.

USR:282 is what the items cost, I can't remember shipping etc. though.

SYS:It is fine. When you get the package and the invoice, we can refund the entire amount then.

USR:Ok, got it, goodbye.

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I need to return an item because it had a stain.  My name is Albert Sanders

SYS:Sorry for that, Albert.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Could I also have your Username, Email, and Order ID?

USR:Order ID: 2543515347

USR:Email Address: alberts6@email.com  Username: alberts6

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, and may I know your membership level?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Okay, we can get that returned right away for you. I'll need your address to send the shipping label.

USR:4823 Kennedy St  San Mateo, NY 55079

ACT:Details of 4823 Kennedy St San Mateo, NY 55079 have been entered.

SYS:Would you like to send it back by mail, in store, or at a drop-off location?

USR:mail it

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Okay, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:That's all thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, this is James from ACME. How may I assist you today?

USR:I wanna know my refund status cause I wanna add an item to my existing refund

SYS:Can do. May I first have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Okay, Mr. Bouchard. May I also have your username, email, and order ID.

USR:normanb8@email.com

USR:Username: normanb8

USR:Purchase Date: 2020-01-22

SYS:Sorry, I need your Order ID.

USR: 3197939949

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:What's the reason for wanting to refund another item?

USR:I dont want it

SYS:Okay.

SYS:What is the brand and item you want to add?

USR:Jeans from Calvin Klein

ACT:A reason of Calvin Klein Jeans has been recorded.

SYS:How much do these jeans cost?

USR:64

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $64.

SYS:All right. $64 have been added to your existing refund. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no

SYS:Then have a nice day and thank you for being an ACME customer.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I have a premium subscription there, but having lost my job due to the pandemic, I'm not going to be able to pay the bill this month

USR:is there some way that I can get an extension, I've been a Silver member there for months now

SYS:Can you tell me your name, your account ID, and an order ID?

USR:David Williams

USR:17ZHAYY6ND

USR:and the order id is

USR:6609753295

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the due date for the bill?

USR:I'm afraid I don't have that information available

SYS:Ok, can you give me your phone number?

USR:(666) 967-5762

ACT:Details of (666) 967-5762 have been entered.

ACT:The manager has been notified.

SYS:Ok, the manager will call you and tell you if you can get an extension

USR:okay, thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you  today>

USR:No that was all, thanks

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:ok

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:I wanted to check the status of my order because I only ordered one time but I got an email that saids I ordered two

SYS:sure, could you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Name: David Williams

USR:Account ID: T6EZIRYV0J

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:in addition to this could you give me your order ID

USR:Order ID: 8818564987

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:everything in order, let me check with the system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:ok, it was a company mistake sorry for the inconvenience

USR:it's all right

USR:thank you for looking up the information

SYS:would you tell me the shipping status

SYS:Mr. David?

USR:sure

USR:it's In Transit

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

SYS:ok, when the order reaches the address reconnect with us to process the return.

USR:sure

USR:I will

SYS:all set then

SYS: a pleasure to help you Mr. David

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you?

USR:hey looking ot return an item

USR:it is the wrng size

USR:wrong*

SYS:I will be happy to help with this issue.

USR:tks

SYS:Can I get a name please.

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:I found your account, Crystal. I now need to validate purchase I need your username, email and order id.

USR:cminh134

USR:cminh134@email.com

USR:7113942037

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay everything looks good. Now what level member are you?

USR:oh i am just a guest

USR:it tha tok?

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:It is, When did you make your purchae.

SYS:purchase*

USR:2019-12-04

USR:hello?

SYS:Unfortunately, You will be unable to return. Guest members can only make a return within 30 days of purchase.

SYS:I apologize for any inconvenience it may have caused.

USR:oh I did not know that

SYS:Can i help you with anything else?

USR:I would have done it sooner

USR:is there any way to make an exception

SYS:I am unable to do that.

USR:ok well thank you

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme. How can I help you today?

USR:Hi. Can I please check my  status of subscription

SYS:Of course. May I start by getting your full name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Did you have a specific question about your status that you'd like me to look at, Sanya?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:I m seeing how much I owe

USR:i want pay my remaining balance please

SYS:I can look at that for you. May I please get your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:UNRDFNRBA5

USR:8710245624

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Just one moment, Ms. Afzal.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Our system shows that you owe $49 on your account and it is due today.

USR:Ok please use credit card on file

SYS:Sure, and just for future reference you can access your account directly via the link I'm going to send you.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:awesome. Thank u

USR:have a great weekend. Bye

SYS:If you have any trouble getting into your account your username is safzal1.

USR:thank you

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

USR:goodbye

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Have a great day and thanks for selecting Acme.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hello!    Can you help me with a question about the jeans I am thinking about?

USR:I need to know how to wash them

SYS:Sure! One moment while I find out for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:Great thanks!

SYS:Is there anything in particular you are worried about, or just general washing instructions?

USR:Just general washing instructions for these jeans, they have some detail on them that I am worried about

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how2) was selected.

USR:Do you know how often I need to wash them?

SYS:If you're wearing them fairly regularly, wash them just once a week to preserve the color and prevent damage to the details.

SYS:You can wash them as you would your other clothes.

USR:Ok, perfect!   These sound great for me

SYS:I'm glad to hear it! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I will head back to the website and buy them.  That is all I needed today. Thank you for the info on washing these jeans!

SYS:You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:I checking on status of refund and also would like to refund something else

SYS:OK. Let me look into it.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:What is your username, email address, and order ID?

USR: 0948 Circle Drive  La Fayette, WA 51196

USR:josephb6@email.com

USR:josephb6

SYS:Thanks for that. What is the order ID?

USR:3788829805

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is the name and brand of the new item you want to return?

USR: Michael_Kors

USR:Jeans

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors Jeans has been recorded.

SYS:What is the price of the jeans?

USR:54

SYS:OK. And what is the original refund?

USR:100

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $154.

SYS:OK. I have sent the refund. Anything else I can help with?

USR:no ty

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Every time I look at something on your website it is out of stock. What seems to be the problem?

SYS:Im sorry to hear that. We have been having some great deals. I will let the department know.

SYS:May I have your name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:Thank you Joyce. I will write a report for the Purchasing Department

ACT:The Purchasing Department has been notified.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you for letting us know. Is there anything else I can do for you today.

USR:No, that's it

SYS:Thanks and have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:I would like to check the status of my $100 refund because i would like to add an item below to my existing refund

SYS:Sure thing, let me help you get that sorted out.

SYS:Could you give me your Full name and account ID please?

SYS:or account id *

USR: Sanya Afzal and my account id ADF3567RFG

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Great I was able to pull up your account. Could you also give me your Username, Email and Order ID please?

USR:yes my username is sanyaa04, email is sanyaa04@email.com and order id is  4728438192

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Alright, I was able to validate the purchase. Could you tell me what item you wish to add to your refund?

SYS:as well as the price.

USR:The Guess Boots $74

ACT:A reason of Guess Boots has been recorded.

SYS:Thank you let me get that added to your refund.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $174.

SYS:Alright, you're all set Sanya. Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:okay, thank you and that will be all

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for choosing AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hi! I would like to know more about these Calvin Klein Jeans

SYS:Sure thing, I'll be glad to help you!

USR:How much does it cost to get tailored

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how4) was selected.

SYS:Our Gold, Silver, and Bronze members are eligible for free tailoring.

SYS:If you'r a Guest, it's also free if you have purchased 3 or more pairs of jeans and you've retained your receipts.

SYS:Otherwise, tailoring is $15 per pair with a free consultation. Tailoring is a great idea, as the jeans tend to run long.

USR:That is great! Thank you for the information

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hello, I need some help with my credit card, it keeps being rejected

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you try to enter your information again?

USR:Just tried that, it still doesn't work.

SYS:Ok

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you log out and then log back in, and try entering your information again?

USR:Okay, still doesn't work.

SYS:I am sorry to hear that

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

SYS:Could you check the expiration date on the credit card that you are using?

USR:Oh shoot, the card I am using expired last month.

USR:My fault, I feel so silly.

SYS:It's okay, happens to everybody.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Nope, that's all. Thanks

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Joyce Wu.  I am upset because these Calvin Klein boots for $49 are out of stock.

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that! One moment while I pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:A reason of Calvin Klein boots has been recorded.

SYS:I'm going to write a report for the purchasing department to let them know that they need to do a better job of keeping things in stock.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:I have passed on the report. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No

SYS:Okay. Check our website again soon, they should restock shortly.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands, how can I help today?

USR:Hey, I need a refund.

USR:I changed my mind about an order. I don't like the look of the jeans as much as I had thought I would.

SYS:Sure, is there something wrong with the product you received?

USR:No, just not my style.

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard and EHDUCLYLFO

ACT:Account has been pulled up for EHDUCLYLFO.

SYS:Can I have your username, email, and order ID?

USR:nb103665 nb103665@email.com and 5533404261

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How would you like your refund processed?

USR:Back to PayPal

ACT:A reason of Add Value has been recorded.

ACT:Details of EHDUCLYLFO have been entered.

SYS:And what is the total dollar amount you are needing refunded?

USR:$64

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $64.

SYS:OK, your refund has been processed. Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:Thank you!

USR:That's all.

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hi! Do your jackets shrink after washing.

SYS:I'll be glad to help you with that. Would you provide your full name, please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (other1) was selected.

SYS:Thank you, David. Good news! Our jackets are made of high-quality fabrics that are not prone to shrinking.

SYS:However, I would recommend not over-drying your jacket. Line drying or putting it in the dryer on a low heat setting works best.

USR:Thats great news! I am going to purchase it now

SYS:Wonderful!

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:Hey

USR:I want to check my order but I lost my phone

USR:and can't access my account

SYS:Oh sure. Did you need to reset your two factor authentication?

USR:yeah

USR:I believe

SYS:Great. Can I get your name please? And I'll also need an email address to send a special reset code to.

USR:David Williams

USR:dwilliams@yahoo.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

ACT:Details of dwilliams@yahoo.com have been entered.

SYS:Thank you, David.

SYS:Okay. I will be sending you a link with a reset code. Along with that link I will be sending a link about security best practices for you to review.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Alright. I have that all sent.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:nope, that's all

SYS:Thank you and have a great afternoon!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I help you today?

USR:I forgot my username

SYS:No problem. I can help you with that. Could you provide me with your name or account ID?

USR:Joyce we

USR:Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

USR:And Id is wujoyce456

SYS:Thank you. I just need you to verify some information your account first. Can you provide me with your zip code, phone number and email address please?

USR:4028695800. Joycew64@email.com

USR:zip 56345

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Your username is jwu1.

USR:thats right. Thank you

SYS:You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Ill go log in now

USR:no thanks

SYS:Great, I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi my name is Rodriguez Domingo

USR:I got charged twice for my Silver subscription

USR:I would like my money back please!

SYS:oh I see, one moment please

USR:ok

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS: additional to this would give me the order ID and ID account

SYS:please

USR:Account ID: S9XOQIOMFY

USR:Order ID: 1151374458

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:everything in order, let me check with the system the problem.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:ok

SYS:ok, it was certainly a mistake on our part sorry for the inconvenience and I will process your 40 back to you.

ACT:Order has been updated with 40.

USR:ok thank you!

SYS:a pleasure to help you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:I lost access to my account.

SYS:Oh no do you need help with the 2 factor auth or password/username?

USR:I need the password

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:I can help. May I have your username Albert?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:as946592

ACT:Details of as946592 have been entered.

SYS:May I have your pin or security answer to create a new password for you?

USR:I have neither

SYS:In order to set up a new password I have to have the pin number or the answer to your security question.

USR:all I can tell is I am a silver member

SYS:Unless you are trying reset the two-factor auth. Membership will not help in this situation.

USR:thanks anyways

SYS:Sorry I was not able to help, you have a great day.

USR:no problem

SYS:Do you need help with anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I'm a bronze member there, and I just have a quick question about premium subscriptions

USR:What happens if I am late on a payment?

SYS:I'd be glad to check on that.

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Are you looking for an extension?

USR:No, I was just wondering in general terms what would happen if the payment was late

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

USR:If there's nothing listed in the books, then it might not be something I need to worry about

SYS:A late fee will be charged.

SYS:The fee is $2 per day past the monthly deadline.

USR:Okay, that was what I was hoping to find out

USR:Thanks for your help, that's all I needed

SYS:You're welcome. Is there anything else?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I was wondering if I'd be able to check on my shipping? It was way higher than normal and I'm not sure why.

SYS:Sure, I'd be happy to help. Can I have your full name, username, email address, and order ID, please?

USR:Sure my name is Chloe Zhang

USR:Username: chloezhang589

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:chloezhang589@email.com

USR:and the order ID is 0650068769

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And what is the shipping status on your order?

USR:It says Out for delivery.

ACT:Shipping status of Out for Delivery has been noted.

SYS:And what is your membership level, Chloe?

USR:I'm a guest

SYS:Okay, since it is out for delivery, I can't change the shipping time or anything, but I can give you a partial credit towards the shipping cost.

USR:Oh alright that would be fine then.

SYS:How much was the shipping cost?

USR:is was $12

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $12.

SYS:Okay, I have applied the credit to your account. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nope that it, you've been a great help

SYS:I'm so glad I could help! I hope you have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help you?

USR:hi i want to buy some jeans from you but they are way much more than everyone else do you do a price match

SYS:Ok. Let me check.

SYS:May I start with your full name or account ID

USR:Joyce Wu

USR: 0D1YPV9GRT

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:OK Joyce. I have pulled up your account.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

USR:ok

SYS:I will also need your order ID

USR:1329199656

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:OK Joyce. Your identity has been verified.

SYS:We use a pricing algorithm that changes due to seasonal costs and other things like that.

SYS:I apologize that we could not beat the competitors at this time.

USR:is there anything you can do to beat it

SYS:Yes. Let me check.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:As a valued customer, Joyce, please use promo code WZWQC

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:ok thank you very much

SYS:You're welcome. Anything else?

USR:thats everything thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:i love my subscription with you guys

USR:and wan tto keep it

USR:i want to checkhow much i have due

SYS:No problem!

SYS:Can I please have your full name, account id, and order ID please?

SYS:Are you there?

SYS:I am going to close the chat in one minute.

USR:sorry

USR:Name: Alessandro Phoenix

USR:Account ID: TNLTQWNLSE

USR:Order ID: 8935841552

SYS:No problem.

SYS:I will verify this now

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:So, you owe a total of $20, it is due tomorrow.

USR:great

USR:thanks

SYS:Now, I want to send you a link so you can see for yourself in the future.

SYS:What is your username?

USR:i dont know it

USR:i have my account id

SYS:That's fine, it is aPhoenix1

USR:thank you

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:I have sent it to you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today/

SYS:?*

USR:  thats all

USR:thanks

SYS:Great, you have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for choosing AcmeBrands! How can I be of assistance?

USR:I'm concerned because the cost of shipping for my order was too high.

SYS:Okay, I'm happy to take a look at that for you.

SYS:One moment, please.

SYS:Can you please send me your full name so that I can pull up your account?

USR:yes

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:Thank you, Sanya. While I do that, please send me your email address, username, and order ID, so that I can validate your purchase.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:sanyaafzal391@email.com, sanyaafzal391, 9843475977

SYS:Thank you! While I validate your purchase, can you please tell me what the shipping status of your order is?

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:Order Received

SYS:Thank you! Since it's very early in the process, we can fix this.

SYS:I'm unable to change the actual shipping options on the order, but now that you want to switch your shipping preference, what I can do is cancel the order, and then you can place it again with the updated shipping costs.

SYS:Would you like to do that?

USR:that would be fine

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel order.

SYS:Okay Sanya, you're all set! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:that is all

USR:thank you

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

SYS:You're welcome!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I want to make sure I items that are going to be delivered are the ones that I ordered

USR:I received an email that said something completely different

SYS:Let me find out for you.

SYS:Are there items missing from the email or added on?

USR:It does not list anything that I ordered.  I really just want to check the status of my shipment and make sure everything is ok

SYS:Ok

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:OQSP6MYRT1

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Could I also have your order id?

USR:0509593000

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you

USR:you're welcome

SYS:So what question do you have about your order?

SYS:Is the date wrong?

SYS:The address wrong?

SYS:Is there a different in price?

USR:are the items in my shipment correct.  The email sayings I am getting something completely different

SYS:The items, okay.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:The items do not look correct, so we will have to change the items.

SYS:Let me update your order with the correct items.

ACT:Order has been updated with change item.

USR:Ok thank you

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:welcome, how can i help?

USR:Hi, I was wondering if there are any reported problems with the website?  It is running so slow, it's unusable.

SYS:hmm, let's try & see if that is on our end or yours, I have been hearing that every so often. First thing I always suggest is to try another website. Have you done that?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yes, other websites seem to work fine.

SYS:OK, would you mind closing down the other open tabs in your browser? I know it's a pain but it really does help.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Sure, hold on a second.

USR:That seemed to help and it is a lot faster now, thanks.

SYS:OH good. Our website team will be relieved. Is there anything else today?

USR:That's all I needed today.  Thank you.

SYS:hope you have a good day May all your websites be speedy!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:I was curious about my premium account and whether it included international shipping

SYS:Sure I can look into that for you. Can I have your name please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you, David. Let me look into that for you.

USR:thanks

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Unfortunately your account level does not offer international shipping. I apologize for that. In the future if you need more information about your subscription you can go to the following link.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:No that was all

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for choosing AcmeBrands! What can I do for you today?

USR:Is there anyway to stop a shipment?  I just realized I ordered the incorrect item.  Thanks.

SYS:Let me see what I can do.

SYS:What is your full name, please?

USR: Sanya Afzal

SYS:Thank you, Sanya. While I pull up your account, can you please tell me your order ID and account ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Order ID: 6268869747

USR:Account ID: VBDZWB3G82

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Got it, thank you!

SYS:What is the shipping status of your order?

USR:Shoot, in transit.

SYS:Well, let's see if we can still help you. What is your membership level?

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Well, I have good news for you, Sanya!

SYS:We trust our members, and since you are a silver member, I can process your refund now.

SYS:You will still have to return the item after it arrives, but we can do the refund now.

USR:Thank you!  Much appreciated.

SYS:What is the cost of the item?

USR:$59

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $59.

SYS:Done! You should see the credit back to your account shortly.

SYS:After the item arrives, please get back in touch, and we'll set up an easy return for you.

SYS:For now, though, can I help you with anything else?

USR:That is great, thanks, all good

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I'm trying to add a product, but my cart isn't updating.

SYS:Do you have an existing order that you are trying to add to, or are you making a new purchase?

USR:Trying to make a new purchase

ACT:A purchase of  was made.

SYS:Alright, try refreshing the page, and see if it works.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Did that fix the issue?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I do not want a subscription but i just got a notification that I have one.

SYS:I can look in to that for you. So it seems a subscription was added to your account and you don't want it?

USR:correct

SYS:Can I get your full name or Account ID to pull up your account?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thanks Joseph. And how did you hear that this service was added to your account?

USR:i got an email

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

SYS:Let me just look in to this. One moment please.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like the company made a mistake and did add the subscription. I can remove that for you though.

ACT:Order has been updated with remove service.

USR:Okay, thanks

SYS:I removed it for you. Were you charged for it also?

USR:yes, $40

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

USR:thank you, that's all

SYS:I also refunded you the $40.

SYS:Thanks and have a great evening.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello?

USR:Hello??

SYS:Hello, sorry for the wait.

SYS:What can I help you with?

USR:I am trying to buy something but my credit card is not working.

USR:Please help.

SYS:Okay, have you tried to re-enter your credit card information?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yes

SYS:Can you check the expiration date on the card? It may be too old.

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

USR:Okay let me check

USR:Yes, okay, it seems my card has expired. I will need to call my credit card company.

SYS:Okay then. Is there anything else you need help with?

USR:Nope, thank you!

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:Hello

USR:I have an issue that I need assistance with.

SYS:Okay, please explain the issue and I'll do my best to resolve it.

USR:I am disputing my bill because I was charged twice for an item I purchased.

SYS:You were charged twice for the same order or for a single item in your order?

USR:I have the premium subscription, I certainly was not expecting this to happen.

USR:I was charged twice for my order.

SYS:I'm sorry that's happened. I'll be happy to take a look at your account and billing to find a solution.

USR:That would be terrific

SYS:Could you please provide me with your full name, account ID and order number.

USR:a8rbp1tu7h

USR:that was my account number

USR:Whoops I do not have an order number

USR:oh no

USR:what do I do?

SYS:It's okay, I'll be able to locate your account with your full name.

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Thank you. I'll pull up your account.

USR:oh my thank you

USR:whew I was worried there for a moment

USR:wow you are the best

USR:thank you for your help

SYS:Don't worry and I'm happy to help.

SYS:I've confirmed that there was a billing error on our part. I'm very sorry about that. Are you one of our Gold or Silver members?

USR:I am a bronze member

SYS:Thanks okay, it's was our error and we'll be happy to remove the extra charge for you. Please confirm the amount that was overcharged to your form of payment.

USR:Thank you, it was $69

USR:I understand goof ups happen from time to time.

SYS:I've successfully updated the order to reflect the $69 order and you should see the change on your order details and billing shortly.

USR:thats great news!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thank you for your help, that was all I needed.

USR:Have a terrific day!

SYS:You're welcome and thank you for being so understanding. I hope you have a great day. Good-bye!

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:Account has been updated with 69.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi.

USR:I just have a couple of questions regarding a particular product.

SYS:Ok, what would you like to know?

USR:For the Michael Kors jacket that's $49, how exactly do you detach the hood?

USR:Is here a zipper or something?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:Yes, there are actually 5 buttons on the collar of the jacket

SYS:You unbutton them to detach the hood

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how4) was selected.

USR:Ohhh okay.

SYS:It's a great jacket

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:Yeah, I like it.

USR:No, that would be all.

USR:I appreciate your help

SYS:Happy to help

SYS:Have a great day and enjoy your jacket

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, is there something I can help you with today?

USR:Yes, I am trying to access my account online but I can't remember my username.

SYS:Okay I can hlep you. Can I have your name

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for .

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:I need to verify the account, Can I have your zip, phone number, and email address.

USR:My zip code is 73687, phone is  (992) 683-9914, and email address is aphoenix@gmail.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:your username is aphoenix01

USR:Thank you so much! That is all I need right now.

SYS:Okay, enjoy the rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:I just tracked my package

USR:and the delivery time seems wrong

SYS:Okay, let me look into that for you.  May I have your full name?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:May I please have your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:yea

USR:account ID is QSZQGIFWAF

USR:order id 5272356219

USR:the tracking info says it will be delivered in the morning but I won't be home

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:and when I was placing my order, I specifically chose evening delivery

SYS:Okay, so you chose evening delivery when you placed the order, but now the tracking info indicates morning delivery?

USR:yes

SYS:First, I have to validate your purchase.  May I have your Username and email address?

USR:I have neither

USR:I don't use email because of privacy reasons

SYS:I understand.  We will have to recover your Username first.

USR:are you sure we need to do all this just to change the delivery time?

USR:this is too much hassle!!!

SYS:Yes, I have to validate the purchase before I can move forward in the system.  I apologize for the process, but we have to do this for quality control purposes.

SYS:Can you give me your Zip code and phone number, please?

USR:yes

USR:zip is 51638

USR:phone number (353) 849-9272

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, your Username is dwilliams1.  Please be sure to write it down for future use.

USR:ok. thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Do you happen to know the status of your shipping?

USR:yes

USR:in transit

ACT:Details of In transit have been entered.

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with .

ACT:Order has been updated with change order.

ACT:Order has been updated with evening delivery.

SYS:Okay, I have updated your order to have it delivered in the evening.

USR:Thank you so much

SYS:Thank you for your patience.

SYS:Our system is overloaded now because of COVID.

USR:yes, I understand

SYS:May I help you with anything else?

USR:that was all

USR:thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for choosing AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hi there

USR:I have a refund coming and just want to check its status

SYS:Sure thing! I'll be glad to assist you with that. Your full name, please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:To confirm your purchase, may I please get your Username, Email Address, and Order ID?

USR:cm532452@email.com

USR:cm532452

USR:9491033287

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you so much, Crystal. I have confirmed your purchase.

SYS:It looks like the status on your refund is "in progress".

USR:Ok so its still coming

SYS:Were you needing to know the payment method of your refund as well?

USR:It should be going back on my card right?

SYS:Yes, and it was initiated online.

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:Well thanks for your help

USR:No thank you

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I assist you today?

USR:Hi. I just changed jobs and won't get my first paycheck for another 2 weeks. Is it possible to get an extension on my subscription payment until I get paid?

SYS:What's your full name?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Can I have your account and order IDs?

USR:My account ID is WHF3TFMZRT and the order ID is 1242510208

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you for that information.

SYS:What is your current membership level?

USR:It is currently silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Unfortunately, your membership only allows a grace period of 1 day.

USR:Oh no! I really love my membership and don't want to lose the benefits because my pay schedule has changed.

SYS:Perhaps someone higher up in our company can assist you.

SYS:If you provide your phone number, I can pass it along to management to see if they can assist you.

USR:That would be great, I would really appreciate it.

USR:I can be reached at (549) 384-0653

ACT:Details of (549) 384-0653 have been entered.

ACT:The Manager has been notified.

SYS:While you're waiting, is there anything else I can do to assist you?

USR:no, that is really all I needed today

SYS:Awesome.

SYS:Thanks for getting in touch with us, I hope you have an excellent day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I would like to know more about a Tommy hilfiger jacket

SYS:Okay, what exactly would you like to know about the jacket?

USR:How often should it be washed?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:The jacket should be washed based on how often you wear it.

SYS:If you wear it often, then you should wash it at least twice each season,

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that's it, Thank you.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I was charged for an item I didn't purchase.

SYS:Let me look into that for you. Can I get your full name and account ID please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Alright, I have your account pulled up. Next I need your user ID, the email tied to the account, and the order ID you were sent for the order in question.

USR:ap553608

USR:ap553608@email.com

USR:Order ID: 2110178554

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Alright, there does appear to be a discrepancy in the account.

SYS:I am going to go ahead and issue a full credit

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:Alright that is all taken care of. Sorry about the issue

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?\

USR:Thank you.

USR:No, that should do it.

SYS:No problem at all. You have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:yes, i want help

SYS:With what?

USR:searching the product brand

SYS:What did you want to search for exactly?

USR:benefits of premium and information

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:ok

SYS:Bronze get to save on shipping fees and codes, Silver can have agents do the shopping for them and Gold will get the benefit of the doubt in all transactions and unlimited refunds.

SYS:Was there anything else?

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

USR:no, this information is very useful for me

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I think my subscription is about to expire, can you please check for me?

SYS:Sure, can I please have your full name and membership number?

USR:Norman Bouchard, FG2OC3W6NR

SYS:Norman, I see that you have a balance due in the amount of $55 and here is a link that allows you to check your account status in the future.

USR:Can I go ahead and pay the balance today?

SYS:Sure, which membership level would you like?

USR:I am happy with silver so let's stick with that.

SYS:Great, and will you be paying with a credit card?

USR:Yes please

SYS:How much do you plan to pay today?

USR:The full amount, I want to get it off my to-do list.

SYS:Can I please have your credit card number?

USR:5555123499995736

SYS:I've updated your account...is there anything else I can assist with?

USR:No, that's all, thanks so much!

SYS:You're welcome!

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

ACT:A link will be sent.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there! Thanks for contacting us at AcmeBrands. How can I help you?

USR:your items always seem to be out of stock

SYS:Sorry to hear that. Can I get your full name or account ID so I can look into that for you?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thanks.

SYS:I'm going to write up a report to let our purchasing department know.

USR:ok

SYS:With this information, they can hopefully do a better job keeping items in stock in the future.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:Are you satisfied with that as a resolution to your issue today?

USR:yes

SYS:Ok, great! I do apologize for the inconvenience, but hopefully in the near future our items should be in stock.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Alright then. Have a fantastic day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi!

SYS:How can I help you?

USR:I'm trying to buy this jacket for my pet llama and my credit card keeps getting rejected!

SYS:oh no! I can help you with that!

SYS:The first thing I'd like you to do is just try once more and let me know if it still doesn't work

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Sure. Give me one second.

USR:ago;rih

USR:Oops. Sorry my llama wanted to say hello. Can't type with those hooves.

USR:Unfortunately it didn't work.

SYS:ok, next try logging out and logging back in and see if it works now

USR:Okay. Let me do that quickly.

SYS:Llamas are notorious bad typers

USR:No. That didn't work either!

SYS:and they tend to eat hands

SYS:ok, can you check the expiration date on your card?

USR:Oh my gosh! I feel so foolish. I was using an old card. They all have llamas on them. Easy to get them confused.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

SYS:Haha, I have the exact same problem! Too many llama cards! Well at least you know what the issue is now!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That was it. Thank you!

SYS:you're welcome, have a great night!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you todau

USR:Hi I'd like to check on my order. I never received my package!

SYS:Okay sure, could i get your full name username email adress and order ID please

USR:My username is cm667362 and my email address is cm667362@email.com

USR:The order ID is 8337482130

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Okay, and how many days has it been since you placed the order

USR:Well I ordered on February 27, so over 2 months now

USR:Well, like a month and a half

SYS:Okay, i will have a new order shipped to you then. Could i get your adress please

ACT:A reason of Two months has been recorded.

USR:Sure, it's 8814 Brushwick Dr  Jacksonville, CA 77397

ACT:Details of 8814 Brushwick Dr Jacksonville, CA 77397 have been entered.

ACT:Order has been updated with 8814 Brushwick Dr Jacksonville, CA 77397.

SYS:Okay i have put in an order for the item and it will be shipped to you arriving in about 5 days. Is there anything else i can help you with

USR:Ok great

USR:No that was it, thanks very much

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:the website is just running really slow

SYS:I see.

SYS:I am going to write up a report to the website team.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Have you tried to log out then in?

SYS:To see if that helps?

USR:that seems to have no effect

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:If you go to another website, is it slow as well?

USR:yes it is

SYS:Unfortunately this is an issue with your internet connection then, not AcmeCorp!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:no i guess not, ill have to contact the isp

SYS:That would be a good idea.

SYS:You have a good day!

USR:you too

SYS:I appreciate it.

<|endoftext|>USR:When does the local store close?

SYS:Hello. Thanks for contacting the customer support team, how may I help you today?

SYS:I can look into that for you.

SYS:May I please get your name?

USR:Chloe

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Just a minute, Chloe.

USR:ok

ACT:System Action: search timing

SYS:Store hours may vary a little, but generally our ours are 8am to 11 pm. Of course, you can always use the website 24 hours a day.

SYS:Does that answer your question, Chloe?

USR:i think so

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help with today?

USR:that's all.

SYS:We appreciate you shopping with Acme, have a tremendous day!

USR:you too

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question2) was selected.

<|endoftext|>USR:hi

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I help you today?

USR:I need a refund

USR:I got the Guess shirt, but I "guess" I just don't really like it

SYS:Okay. I can help you with that. Can you give me your name and account ID so that I can pull up your account?

USR:I haven't gotten it yet so I just want you guys to pay me back before it gets here

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

USR:ZNX064E5QH

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Can you verify your username, email address and order ID?

USR:8119766062

USR:rdomingo254

USR:rdomingo254@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Would you like your refund by gift card, paper check, add credit to your account or credit card?

USR:credit my account please

ACT:A reason of credit card has been recorded.

ACT:Details of ZNX064E5QH have been entered.

SYS:How much was the shirt/

USR:59

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $59.

SYS:I'm applied the refund of $59 to your account. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:nope

USR:bye

SYS:Have a good day. Bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:Hello, I wanted to purchase something but first I wanted to make sure that my subscription for the expedited shipping was still active

SYS:Alright, may I have your full name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you, to check this could I also have your account and order IDs?

USR:account ID:  AHUCSRLMEB

USR:Order ID: 8193519742

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Yes you have an active subscription.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, that is all I needed today

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:What is the refund policy of AcmeBrand?

SYS:Hello. how can I help you today?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question2) was selected.

SYS:A refund can be made for items that have yet to be shipped.

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question2) was selected.

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thanks for the help

SYS:No problem. Have a nice day.

USR:That is all I think so.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi. How can I help?

USR:I just received a bill and I'm being charged for something I didn't order.

SYS:I am sorry about that. Let me get your name and I'll fix that up for you.

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Thank you Mr. Phoenix. Where you double charged for an item or was a mystery fee added?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:I was charged for a Guess jacket. I never ordered one.

SYS:Alright, let me see what I can do.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok

SYS:Ok, let me get some info. Can I get your acct id and the order id?

USR:I don't have an account id. Order id is 9351910262.

SYS:That's ok, let me get an e-mail instead.

USR:alessandrophoenix961@email.com

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:And your user name?

USR:alessandrophoenix961

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I am not showing an error on your order. Let me check through your subscription. What is your membership level?

USR:guest

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:I am sorry but it is not showing as an over charge. I can send your inquiry on to our billing department for further review, but I can't give a credit at this time.

USR:Well I'm being charged $79 for a jacket that I didn't order. Something should be done.

SYS:I will definately pass tha on. I do apologize for the inconvenience.

ACT:The $79 jacket has been notified.

ACT:The  has been notified.

SYS:Ok I have updated your status and you will receive a response in the next day or so. In the meantime can I hep you with anything else?

USR:No, that's it

SYS:Again sorry I couldn't resolve this for you. Please enjoy the rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi I have a question about an order I made

USR:I ordered a jacket but it arrived in the wrong size. I would like to return it and have the right size sent out please

SYS:not problem! would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS: additional to this you would give me the order ID, email and username

SYS:please

USR: josephbanter764

USR: josephbanter764@email.com

USR:6769805289

USR:it's the calvin klein jacket

USR:I wanted XL but the one that arrived was a medium

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:ok don't worry, we will make the change ^^

SYS:would indicate your level of membership

USR:gold

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:nice, would you indicate your full address

USR:7369 Kennedy St  Baltimore, MI 42683

SYS:very well, would you indicate your full address

ACT:Details of 7369 Kennedy St Baltimore, MI 42683 have been entered.

SYS:To finish, you would indicate how you want to do the return process. By mail, in store or drop off center

USR:mail

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:all set!

USR:great thanks

SYS:a pleasure to help you

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello! I received a promo code 8 days ago for these jeans I want to order and I can't get it to work. Can you help?

SYS:Hi, thank you for contacting AcmeBrand today.  Let me see what I can help with.

SYS:Can you provide me with your full name or account ID please?

USR:My name is Crystal Minh and my Order ID is 6176415771.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Great - typically our promo codes last 7 days, so that could be the error.  Let me check the system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Can you confirm your membership level please?

USR:Please, I would appreciate it so much if I could still find a way to use it.

USR:I am a Bronze memeber.

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Great, it looks like I will be able to generate a new promo code for you based on your member level of Bronze.

USR:That is perfect. Thank you so much for taking the time to help me.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:C3U2R is the new promo code for 20% off.

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with?

USR:Thank you so much! Thank is even better. There is nothing else. Have a great day!

SYS:Thank you and you have a great day as well!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

USR:i was charged for an order even though i never brought anything

SYS:sorry for the inconvenience

SYS:Give me your full name

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:How did you hear about this issue?

USR:email

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

SYS:Give me a moment to check our system

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:ok

SYS:You are right. A service was truly added. I will remove it now

USR:ok thanks

ACT:Account has been updated with remove service.

SYS:The service has been removed

USR:ok. that is all.

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I have a question about an order I had made.

USR:It's been awhile and I never received it

SYS:I can help you out with this.

SYS:Can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:If it helps my order ID is 3251288693

USR:I ordered it a few months back and never got it

SYS:Oh, that is not good at all! It should never take that long. Let me look in to this for you. One moment please.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:Do you have your account ID Alessandro?

USR:yeah 6RYBLUQ03J

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, I just needed to verify your identity.

USR:ok I understand

SYS:Do you know your username so I can look up this purchase?

USR:yeah aphoenix597

USR:it's the Guess t-shirt

SYS:Thank you. What is your email address?

USR:aphoenix597@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Were you given a shipping status?

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:it says that it shipped but I never got it

SYS:Yes, that is far too long to be waiting. Would you like me to reship the order for you?

USR:yes please

USR:that would be great thanks

SYS:If I could get your address I will get it shipped right out!

USR:9719 Lincoln Ave  La Fayette, TX 94578

ACT:Order has been updated with 9719 Lincoln Ave La Fayette, TX 94578.

ACT:A purchase of Guess tshirt was made.

SYS:I have ordered the tshirt again for you and it will be sent immediately. Is there anything else you need today?

USR:that's it

USR:thanks so much

SYS:Thank you so much for your patience as I took care of this. Have a great day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:I regret to inform you that I may have broken your website.

SYS:I'm sure you didn't break it, but I want to help you fix it!

SYS:What seems to be the problem?

USR:All I see is a spinning wheel when I try to search for something.

SYS:Is it just the search that isn't working? Or is the whole site slow?

USR:Just the search, I think.

SYS:There are a few things we can try to fix that.

SYS:Can you try logging off and then logging back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I still just see the spinning wheel

SYS:Can you clear the cookies on our computer?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:If you don't know how to do that just let me know.

USR:That worked perfectly. Now I can see my jeans!

SYS:Oh, I'm so glad! Is there anything else you need today?

USR:That's all. Thanks for the help!

SYS:Thanks, you have a great day!

USR:Bye.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:I am thinking of making a purchase, but I need to know if my promo code can be used.

SYS:OK can I get your full name

USR:My name is Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:And how long ago was tthe code issued?

USR:I got it 3 days ago.

SYS:OK let me check

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Thank you.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is a new promo code for you that is definitely good

SYS:E7USL

USR:Great, thank you!!

SYS:Anything else?

USR:No, that was all.

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:good morning, how can I help you?

USR:Hi. I wanted to see what the shipping status is of my order because I have not yet received it.

SYS:sure, one moment please

SYS:just to know the item you ordered has not arrived after the time limit?

USR:Right. I have been waiting five days

SYS:ok, would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:additional to this would give me your order ID, email and username

SYS:please

USR:Order ID: 3734677526

USR:Username: czhang12

USR:Email Address: czhang12@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A reason of 5 days has been recorded.

SYS:Ok, usually the maximum time that a shipment can take is 7 days, in this case I recommend waiting a little longer

SYS:in the event that it still does not arrive, write to us again to make a new shipment

USR:Ok.

SYS:a pleasure to help you

SYS:have a nice day

USR:Thanks for your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:how can I help you?

USR:hi, i am wanting my order shipped overnight because i need it ASAP

SYS:Okay sure, can I have your name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:40BLGCBXO3

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:Order ID: 6480244749

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status?>

USR:out for delivery

SYS:If it is already out for delivery, I cannot change the status. But good news you should get it by tomorrow at the latest,

USR:ok that should work then

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:nope thats it

SYS:Have a good day?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I wanted ot add a pair of boots to my current order. I forgot to add them before I checked out

SYS:I would happy to help.

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Sure my name is Norman Bouchard  the account ID is JWHFYKCNUU

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you Norman, may I have your order id please?

USR:sure its 5538745081

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:May I have your membership level?

USR:yeah. I'm a gold member

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:What was the item you needed to add?

USR:It was a pair of Tommy Hilfiger boots.

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Boots was made.

SYS:I went ahead and added to your order, is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:Awesome thank you, that was all

SYS:your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I assist you today?

USR:Hi, I wanted to buy a pair of jeans.

SYS:Okay.

USR:However my credit card keeps getting rejected and I do not understand why

SYS:Okay, I will look into it a bit more. Just a moment please

SYS:Can you try entering the card number in again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yes, sure I already did and the outcome was the same.

SYS:How about the expiration date on your card, is it on or before 04/20? Sometimes that is a reason that customers experience an issue.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:No, that does not seem to be the problem. The expiration date is 12/25.

SYS:What happens if you log out and back in again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Oh, that would be the solution!

SYS:Great!

USR:It worked pretty well

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:No, that would be all. Thanks!

SYS:Thanks for reaching out to us. Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:Hi I have a question

SYS:Sure.

USR:My wife signed up for the premium subscription but I'm not sure what that exactly does. Can you explain what benefits I get?

USR:And how does a subscription get cancelled?

SYS:I sure can.

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Do you know your membership level or do you just want to know about the levels in general?

USR:I'm at guest level

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question1) was selected.

SYS:We offer 3 different membership levels:  Bronze, Silver, and Gold.

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:All members are invited to the annual holiday extravaganza with open bar and free drinks.

USR:that sounds cool!

SYS:You also have free flights from anywhere in the US.

SYS:Bronze members save on shipping fees and promo codes.

SYS:Silver members also have the ability to have agents make purchases on their behalf and can cancel an order at any time.

SYS:Gold members receive all of the aforementioned benefits and receive unlimited refunds.

USR:oh wow ok

USR:and what about the premium subscription?

SYS:Gold members also receive the benefit of the doubt in all transactions.

SYS:So our subscriptions are different from member levels.

SYS:Do you know if your subscription is active right now?

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:I don't know. Can you check?

SYS:Yes I can.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Your subscription is active.

USR:ok great

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

USR:if I wanted to cancel it how easy is it to do?

SYS:Actually, the system just sent me an update.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your amount of $49 is due 3 days from now.

USR:ok if I don't pay for it, it will just lapse right?

USR:I'm not sure if I can pay for it. I've been furloughed.

SYS:Correct.  I absolutely understand.

USR:ok I'll try to see if I can pay for it but it's good to know

USR:maybe the stimulus check will come in in the next couple off days

USR:anyway thanks for your help

SYS:I hope they do come.  It's taking too long!

SYS:You are welcome.  May I help you with anything else?

USR:that's it

SYS:Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi. How can I help you?

USR:I would like to add something to my existing order

SYS:Ok

SYS:Can you tell me your full name or your account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu 9992725633

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

USR:yyes

SYS:Ok, what is the order ID from the existing order?

USR:9992725633

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:What is the shipping status of this order?

USR:I'm not sure

USR:It's in the shopping cart.

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Ok, what is the new item you're adding to the order?

USR:Jacket  Calvin_Klein

SYS:Ok

ACT:A purchase of Calvin Klein Jacket was made.

SYS:Ok the jacket is added

USR:thank you

SYS:Of course.  Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:no I will just check out now thank you

USR:good bye

SYS:Ok, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello. I just got thrown out of my parents house and now am living with my cousin. I have an order coming.

SYS:You want to change the address for that order?

USR:Yes please.

SYS:I'd be happy to help with that, could I have your full name, please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thanks, Norman. Sorry to hear about your recent change in living situation. I'll need the shipping status of the order.

USR:Thanks. You'd think they'd never seen someone shooting up drugs before. Okay the address is 6546 2nd Ave, Newark TX, 85412

SYS:Thanks. I  also need the status of your order.

USR:Oh it says In Transit

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

SYS:Okay, it's not too late to change the address. Just to confirm your identity I'll need your Username, Email, and Order ID.

USR:Account ID: YNNM41HZL0  Username: nbouchard059 Order ID: 0880225164

SYS:Do you know the email associated with the account?

USR:nbouchard059@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, I'll just go ahead and update the address.

USR:Great, thanks!

ACT:Order has been updated with Change address.

SYS:The address has been changed to 6546 2nd Ave, Newark TX, 85412. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:That's all, thanks!

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello I would like to pay my annual subscription fee please

SYS:Great, could I please have your name or account ID?

USR:Name: Alessandro Phoenix

USR:Account ID: 1TC5L8RDKV

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thank you. So that I can verify your identity, could you also provide me with your order ID?

USR:Order ID: 2590331345

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you. Our standard subscription is $99 per year. How much would you like to pay today?

USR:I would like to pay the full $99 please

SYS:Alright, no problem. Do you have the credit card number you would like to use for payment?

ACT:Details of 99 have been entered.

USR:Yes I have it right here

USR:it is xxxx xxxx xxxx xxxx

SYS:If you don't have the credit card available to you right now, I can use the one currently on your account. Would I like me to use that card?

USR:Yes please!

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:I've renewed your subscription for one year using the method of payment of payment on your account. Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:No thanks, you've been very helpful

SYS:You're welcome. I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello! I hope your day is going well, i was looking at a pair of jeans, the michael kors ones for 94$ and i was wondering what the zipper material was made out of.

USR:I happen to be allergic to most zipper materials.

SYS:No worries let me check

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:its hard to find the right jeans these days

SYS:Are you sure that's what you want to know?

USR:Well..

USR:If that information is not accessible, the inseam might be more readily available.

USR:I could use the length of that.

SYS:Yes that is more readily available.

USR:Should i not find oddball questions for these? :D

SYS:Our standard pairs have a 36 inch inseam. They're a bot longer because they're meant to be tailored to exact height.

SYS:And our FAQ is very limited.

USR:For future reference, should i stick to the basics?

SYS:Preferably, not all agents can work with the more creative customers

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That will be all thank you for your patience

SYS:No worries and have a nice day!

USR:you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Good day

USR:I was trying to access my account but I forgot my password

USR:Is there a way to reset it?

SYS:Absolutely! Can I have your full name and username, please?

USR:My name is Albert Sanders

USR:My account id is asanders21

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Albert Sanders.

ACT:Details of  Albert Sanders have been entered.

ACT:Details of asanders21 have been entered.

SYS:I can't recover your old password, but I can generate a new one for you. I just need your PIN or the answer to your security question.

USR:I see

USR:Sure, my PIN number is 395388

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:8mvi9lbg1w6 is your new password.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Okay, that's great

USR:Fabulous

USR:That's all I need today

SYS:Okay! Glad I could help. Have a great night!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I'm trying to make a purchase, but my credit card keeps saying invalid.

SYS:Oh no!

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you please try to re enter the information?

USR:I did but that didn't help

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Try logging out then in of your account.

USR:Ok. That worked. It's accepting it now.

SYS:Great! Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, thank you

SYS:Fantastic, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:im trying to buy something but my. credit card keeps getting an error message when I type the information in

SYS:Lets see if we can try some things to get it fixed.

SYS:Can you try to enter the info in again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Okay,  I typed it in again and same error message

SYS:Can you try to log out then back in again? Then try.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I logged out and back in and seemed to have cleared up the message

USR:thank you for your help

SYS:No problem. Anything else?

USR:That is eveything

SYS:Great have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I really love this shirt but I need more information

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your  name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:thanks Crystal. Is there any particular information that you want to find out about your shirt?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:Yes! I want to know does this Calvin Klein shirt shrink after I wash it

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other1) was selected.

SYS:If you wash the shirt in cold water, it won't shrink.

USR:That sounds great! I think I will buy it

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No, thank yo

USR:you

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I'm looking at the jacket by Michael Kors for $64.00.  Will it shrink after washing?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:The jacket will not shrink

USR:Thank you for that information.  That's all I needed today.  Hope you have a nice evening.

SYS:Ok, you have a nice evening as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:i would like for an extension on my premium subscription because i would like some time to get the money

SYS:Okay. I'd be more than happy to look into this for you give me moment please

USR:ok

SYS:Can I get your full name please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:can i get your account ID and order ID?

USR:NTNDQKUYMJ. 1608912496

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:okay unfortunately guests are not eligible for membership extensions. I'm sorry I cannot help you further.

USR:ok. that is all

SYS:Thanks and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme brand. May I have your name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:thank you! how can i help you today?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:I got charged twice for my subscription and I would like a refund please

USR:Hello?

USR:Hi?

SYS:Hello, are you still there?

SYS:We seem to be having connectivity issues.

SYS:Due to no response, i will have to disconnect. I am so sorry, but thank you for being a customer!

<|endoftext|>SYS:How, can I help you?

USR:I'm trying to get something but it's always out of stock

SYS:What item are you trying to buy?

USR:some jeans

SYS:Do you know the brand?

USR:Calvin_Klein for $59

SYS:Can I have your name pleasE?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:A reason of Calvin Klein jeans has been recorded.

SYS:I will write up a report and let th epurchasing team know and they will imporve our stock.

ACT:The  has been notified.

USR:how long will it be?

SYS:I do not know.

USR:aw maaan

SYS:I am sorry

USR:okay, thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:I guess not

SYS:Have a nice day. And keep checking back

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I'm expecting a refund and I'd like to know when and how I'm going to be getting it please

SYS:Can I please have your name and account number?

USR:David Williams and there is no account number shown

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thanks Mr. Williams. Can I please have your username, email address and order number?

USR:dw753930 dw753930@email.com and 5789044569

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:So, I see your refund is in progress. Can you please tell me the amount of the refund?

USR:$74

SYS:Thanks, I see the refund was initiated via chat and will be applied to your credit card on file within 24 hours.

USR:cool beans, thanks and have a great day

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that's all thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:ehllo how can i help you

USR:I have some question about the subscription process.

SYS:What is your question?

USR:I want to know all the subscription level and the benefit of it.

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:In every membership levels they are invited to attend our annual holiday. With bronze you can save on shipping and free promo codes

SYS:with silver agents can make purchases on their behalf and cancel orders at any time

SYS:with gold you get unlimited  refunds and will get the benefit on doubt in transactions.

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:Do you need any more help?

USR:That sounds awesome! Nothing else.

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hello I calling in to complain because items always seem to be out of stock

SYS:I'm sorry for this, could I get your full name? Then I can look into this issue.

USR:Name: Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:I'll write a report to our purchasing department. Does that satisfy you today?

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

USR:Yes hopefully the items will be in stock soon thank you

SYS:Thank you, have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:When does the annual sale begin? I'm really xcited

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question3) was selected.

SYS:The annual sale occurs during the early months of the year usually during the last week of January. This year, the annual sale started on January 23rd and ended on January 31st.

USR:Great!  I'm ready to start shopping.  I'll mark my calander

SYS:Awesome, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that's all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi.  My name is Alessandro Phoenix.  My Order ID is 3939110147.  I would like to return these Michael Kors boots for $54.

SYS:OK. I can help.

SYS:What was the retur reason?

SYS:return

USR:They were the wrong size.

SYS:OK.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thanks. I have pulled up your account

SYS:I need your username email address and order ID

USR:My username is aphoenix028, email is aphoenix028@email.com.  I already gave you teh Order ID.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Sorry. You did.

SYS:Thanks for the info, I have validated your purchase.

SYS:What is your member level?

USR:gold

SYS:Thanks for being a valued gold member. You have unlimited returns. Let me process that.

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:I need your full address for a shipping label

USR:7316 Circle Drive, San Mateo, NY 75061

ACT:Details of 7316 Circle Drive, San Mateo, NY 75061 have been entered.

SYS:By Mail, In Store, Or Drop off return?

USR:mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Thanks. Your order has been updated. Anything else?

USR:That's it for today.  Thanks.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi

SYS:Hello

USR:Can you tell me if these Tommy Hilfiger boots come in a 9?

USR:The website says they aren't available

USR:But i know that can be wrong, so I wanted to double check

SYS:Yes I would happy to look this up for you. Is the item out of stock?

USR:Yeah, that's what it says

USR:Of course, they're only one of one size and it's my size :(

USR:only out, i mean

SYS:I am sorry, is this just one item that you are trying to order?

USR:Yes

USR:I want the boots in size 9

SYS:May I have your full name or Account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:A reason of Tommy Hilfiger Boots Size 9 has been recorded.

SYS:Thank you Norman. I am going to let our purchasing department know right now.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

USR:Can they order the boots for me?

USR:Are the boots actually out of stock?

SYS:I can back-order the boots for you and once they are in stock they will ship immediately to you.

USR:okay, so if it says "unavaible" on the site, that means it's out of stock?

USR:*unavailable

SYS:In this case yes.

USR:okay, i understand now

USR:thank you for back ordering the boots

SYS:I apologize am I allowed to use the credit card on file?

USR:Yes

ACT:A purchase of  was made.

SYS:So once the boots become available they will ship to you. May I help you with anything else?

USR:No

USR:That's all I needed

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:thank you

<|endoftext|>USR:when does the annual sale end?

SYS:Good afternoon, let me see how to help you.

SYS:Are you referring to your membership status?

USR:I am thinking of buying stuff... I am a gold member

SYS:Do you want information about our products?

USR:no just when the sale ends

SYS:I see, one moment please

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question3) was selected.

SYS:ok, the annual sale started on January 23rd and ended on January 31st.

USR:thanks

SYS:it always starts at the beginning of each year.next year's

SYS:a pleasure to help you!

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hi I am thinking about buying a CK jacket. but I am not sure about it

USR:I am wondering, how to clean the jacket?

SYS:No problem

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:This jacket can be washed in the washer and dried in a typical laundry dryer.

SYS:Our high-quality fabric will not wear and tear, although we suggest that the dryer is kept on low heat during drying to avoid item shrinkage.

USR:That is really good.

SYS:Any other questions?

USR:Is the jacket suitable for winter?

SYS:Yes, it's stylish and warm

USR:Nice. Great. I think I like this one.

SYS:Awesome

SYS:Anything else?

USR:That's all

USR:thanks

SYS:Have a nice day

USR:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help today?

USR:Hi, I want to do some shopping there, but the website is running really slowly.  Glacially, even

USR:Other pages seem to be working for me, including this chat window.  Is there an outage today?

SYS:Hmmm....can you try to log out of your account and log back in?

USR:um, I can try

USR:ohh, it doesn't even seem to want to log out

USR:Yeah, that doesn't seem to have helped

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Are you able to visit other websites without speed issues?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Are you still there?

USR:Yes, sorry

USR:other websites are working for me

USR:I suppose I could just try Acme on a different connection

SYS:OK, I will write a report to our website team to notify them of the slow speeds.

USR:Sorry, I was fiddling with my phone and I didn't see your question

ACT:The website team has been notified.

USR:And, the Acme site seems to be working on my smartphone data connection

USR:I don't know what the problem is on my laptop, though.  So thanks for letting the IT team know

SYS:Yes, I'm not sure why the connection may make a difference, but I will make note of this to our IT team.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, I think that's everything.  I can continue my shopping on the small screen

USR:Thanks for your help

SYS:You're very welcome, have a fantastic day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi. Id like to check on my refund status please

SYS:Sure, could I get your full name?

USR:Joseph banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Hi, Joseph. I will also need your username, email, and order ID.

USR:josephb1@email.com josephb1  8000317891

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, I see your order here. The refund status is In Progress and the payment method was Online.

SYS:Does this sound right to you?

USR: that is correct

SYS:Great, is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:can you please verify how much it will be

SYS:It will be in the amount of $40.

USR:i paid 59

SYS:I'm sorry for this, once the refund has been completed you will be able to dispute it.

USR:Okay I will how do you

USR:long do you think it will take

SYS:It should be about 3 days

USR:Okay Ill check back in three days.

USR:Have a great night and week.

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello there, how can I help you today?

USR:I need some help with an order I placed.

SYS:What kind of help do you need?

USR:I accidentally ordered the wrong size shirt. I want to cancel the shipping of it.

SYS:Okay, let me see what I can do to help

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:And what's the shipping status of your order?

USR:Delivered

ACT:Shipping status of Delivered has been noted.

SYS:And can I have your username, address, and order ID

USR:My address is 0115 1st Ave  Jacksonville, TX 79297

SYS:Oh sorry, hahaha I meant email address

USR:crystalm687 is my username

USR:My order ID is 8584803386

USR:Crystalm687@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:You want me to cancel the order right?

SYS:Just to be sure and all!

USR:yes

ACT:Order has been updated with Cancel Order.

SYS:Okay, your order has been updated

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:No, thanks for all your help.

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. Can I help you today?

SYS:Hello?

USR:Hi I want to know about membership levels

SYS:Sure. May I have your name please?

USR:David Williams

SYS:Thanks David. Are you currently a member with us?

SYS:Hello Dave?

SYS:What question do you have about membership levels?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Thanks David you subscription is still active.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme support. How can I help you today?

USR:i need a refund status

USR:my order id is 7431504405

SYS:Okay, can I get your full name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:No problem, Rodriguez. I'll just need a little more info. Can I get your username and email address?

USR:rodriguezdomingo226

USR:rodriguezdomingo226@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:I see that your refund is not started yet.

USR:yes

SYS:I see that you started this refund over the chat and it should be credited to you shortly.

USR:ok great

SYS:Just give it a few days and you'll be all set.

USR:ok

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

USR:u 2

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I assist you today?

USR:Hi, yes I was wanting to know if you could tell me more about the tommy hilfiger jeans you guys sell?

SYS:Sure, what's your question?

USR:More specifically what is the fabric content, are they stretchy?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:Hmm, just a moment please.

USR:no problem

SYS:I apologize for the delay, I am still trying to find your answer.

USR:I appreciate it.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other1) was selected.

SYS:Although it's not exactly what you're asking, I can tell you that the jeans do not shrink or become misshapen with washing. In regards to the fabric content, I honestly do not know. I am sorry about that.

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:Thank you for looking in to it! I appreciate the effort.

SYS:Are you sure it's not the material of a shirt or jacket that you are curious about?

USR:No, I was looking into the jeans. I know some jeans have a blend of materials and I didn't know if this was one of the pairs.

SYS:Gotcha. Nope, I am not sure.

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:That is all. Thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi, I am looking to get some more information on a shirt i might buy

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

USR:what is the Guess shirt made out of?

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other4) was selected.

SYS:Our most popular blend for Guess shirts is 90% cotton and 10% linen.

SYS:The materials used are always indicated on the label on the collar.

USR:Does it come in any other colors?

SYS:All the other color options are listed on the product page. If there are no other colors listed, they are unavailable.

USR:Ok thank you

SYS:You're welcome, anything else you need to know?

USR:No thats it

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:i want to return my order

USR:i ordered the wrong size jacket

SYS:I can help you do with that. May I have your name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you Joyce. I will also need your user name, email and order id number please.

USR:joycew28

USR: joycew28@email.com

USR:8946225212

SYS:Thank you. One moment while I pull up your order.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Thank for waiting. I can go ahead and process this return for you. How would you like to return the item?

USR:Can i ship it back

SYS:Absolutely. I will need your address, and I will send you a shipping label for you to print out.

ACT:A reason of  has been recorded.

ACT:A reason of Wrong size has been recorded.

USR:cool

USR:to my email?

SYS:Yes. Just print it up and ship the item back to us. I will process your return here.

ACT:Order has been updated with By mail.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nope that is all

USR:thanks!

SYS:You are welcome. Enjoy your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi there!

USR:I don't remember my username. I can't see my shopping history for that reason.

SYS:ok, no problem. you would like to recover your username?

SYS:what is your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:i will need to verify your identity, I need your zip code, phone number and or email address please

USR:my zip code is 82760, phone number (835)766-7148. Unfortunately, I don't have my phone number on file.

SYS:np, that is all i need

USR:I'm sorry I mean email

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:that worked. Your username is RDomingo1

SYS:er, sorry, lower case

SYS:rdomingo1

USR:That was quick. Thank you.

SYS:is there anything else I can do today?

USR:No, I'm all thru. Thanks

SYS:OK have a good one

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:I'd like to shop with you guys but my credit card keeps getting turned down!

USR:dunno why it's invalid for you guys

SYS:I can see how that would be annoying. May I have your name please?

SYS:Lets see if we can try a few things.

USR:crystal minh

USR:crystalminh999 username

SYS:Can you try to enter the CC info again for me?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for crystal minh.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:4271 3600 2242 1765

USR:375's the little back code thing

SYS:Di that work when you tried again?

USR:ohh think i have the order up hold on

USR:nah still rejecting..

SYS:Can you try to log out then log back in. Try to use the CC again.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:hmm that might have done it

USR:yeah I think it has..took my card this time!

SYS:Great. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that's it thanks a lot!

SYS:Awesome. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi what can I do for you?

USR:I would like to check on my order status because I cannot acmes my account as I have forgot my username

USR:access

SYS:Okay, so you would like me to recover your username for you?

USR:Yes please

SYS:Can I have your name, zip code and phone numner

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:56378

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:(300) 291-9019

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:your username is safzal1

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Okay thank you, no that is everything

USR:Have a great day

SYS:THanks you too

<|endoftext|>USR:Tell me more about the 50 dollar Guess jacket

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:Okay! What would you like to know?

USR:what is the material made of?

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (other4) was selected.

SYS:The outside of the jacket is made with polyester, nylon, and tricot to make the jacket wind-proof. The inside is lined with cotton for insulation.

USR:thanks

SYS:Of course! Do you have any other questions?

USR:none

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:I was checking on my subscription make sure its active

USR:My husband said it was removed and I went it

SYS:Okay lets check that, could i get your full name account ID and order ID please

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:sag456

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:order Id is 34566sa

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay it looks like your subscription is not active and that to renew it you have to pay the 14 dollar subscription 14 which is due today

SYS:Would you like me to pay that now

USR:yes please

USR:card on file

ACT:Account has been updated with pay subscription.

SYS:Okay great is there anything else i can do for you

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:I want to look at my shopping history, but I don't have the phone that I use for two-factor authentication.

USR:I don't think I can access my account.

SYS:Ok. You have an issue with 2fa. I can help.

USR:Okay, thank you!

SYS:You will have to reset 2fa. I will send a code to your email once we finish a few steps

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thanks. I have pulled up your account

SYS:What is your email address

USR:I don't have one.

SYS:OK. What is your pin

USR:I have a security answer, is that the same thing?

SYS:Yes. What is mother's maiden name

USR:Martinez

ACT:Details of Martinez have been entered.

SYS:OK.

SYS:Please check out this link. It has info on how to stay safe online

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:You are all set. Anything else I can help with, Crystal?

USR:That's everything I needed. Thank you!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme. How can I help you today?

USR:I am trying to add an item to my cart and the cart is not updating

SYS:That's no good.

SYS:Let me look into that for you. May I get your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:Mr. Bouchard, I'm just going to run through a few things that might fix the issue, is that okay?

USR:yes

SYS:Great. Let's start by just trying to have you log out of your account and then logging back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:It still isn't working

SYS:No problem, this time can I have you just attempt to refresh the page and see if that helps at all.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:still not working :(

SYS:Perhaps the item is out of stock. You can check this by looking at the bottom-left side of the product page.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:Oh that does look to be the problem.

SYS:That explains why it won't let you update your cart.

USR:Sorry to bother you

SYS:Not a bother at all! Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:no that is all

SYS:Have a great day and thanks for shopping Acme.

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:I want to cancel second item from my order because I picked the wrong size

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you

SYS:Could I have your account id and order id to verify your identity?

USR:account id is YEDECLUMKL, order is 0313221847

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:I would like to offer you a refund, could you tell me the cost of the item?

USR:94 dollars

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $94.

SYS:The item was removed from your order and a refund of $94 was made.

USR:Thanks!!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day.

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hello my name is Chloe Zhand

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Chloe Zhand.

USR:and I would like to remove an item from my order

USR:Product: Jacket  Brand: Guess  Amount: $99  product

USR:the second item of my order

SYS:Okay lets do that Could i get your email username and order ID alsong with the shipping status on the order

USR:Ok so I dont havemy username

USR:but this is my Account ID: 4GF8E7JNRN

USR:Order ID: 6046683644

USR:Shipping Status: Order Received

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with change order.

SYS:Okay, i have removed the jacket from your order and refunded you the amount

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with todau

USR:ok thanks a lot

USR:that would be all

USR:thanks

SYS:Okay, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi, I have a subscription and I want to make sure that I've paid my fee.

SYS:Sure. I can help.

SYS:I can check if it is active

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID

USR:BJAPCAPWBN

ACT:Account has been pulled up for BJAPCAPWBN.

SYS:OK your account was pulled up.

SYS:I need your full name now and order ID

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

USR:9770726988

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thanks. I verified your ID

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Yes. Your subscription is active and the due date is tomorrow.

SYS:But, $0 is due

SYS:We already received the payment. Thanks.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Here is a link to check it online whenever you need it

USR:Can I pay for the next month in advance?

SYS:Let me check into that.

USR:I don't know about my job because of the virus, and I want to make sure it stays active.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Yes. You can access the link above and manage that. Do you know your user ID?

USR:No I do not

SYS:It is aphoenix1

SYS:Anything else I can help with?

USR:Okay, so can just use the link to pay and use the username?

SYS:Yes. that is correct. Use your username at that link.

USR:Thank you for helping me.

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, I want to return something with a stain on it.

SYS:Hi, how can I help you

SYS:Ok, I can help with that

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix if you need to check my account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:thank you

SYS:So you want to return something because it has a stain, correct?

USR:Yes that's right

SYS:Can I have your Username, email and Order ID please?

USR:Username: aphoenix613

USR:Email Address: aphoenix613@email.com

USR:Order ID: 5564627384

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Do you know your membership level?

USR:I'm a gold member

SYS:Great

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:You get unlimited returns

SYS:I will need your address to make a shipping label for you to print out

USR:Okay

USR:1431 Kennedy St  Raleigh, NY 42379

ACT:Details of 1431 Kennedy St Raleigh, NY 42379 have been entered.

SYS:How would you like to process your return?

SYS:you can do it by mail, in store or at a drop off center

USR:by mail is good

SYS:ok

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

USR:This was a bummer, I really needed this jacket to impress a girl

SYS:Sorry for the inconvenience!

SYS:I'm sure she will be impressed by you

USR:Thanks for the vote of confidence!

SYS:You're welcome! Your refund is complete. Just print out the label and mail the stained shirt in when you get a chance

USR:Okay great, that's all I needed today. Thank you!

SYS:Have a great day

SYS:Good luck with the girl!

USR:You too

USR:Thanks!

<|endoftext|>USR:I would like to remove the second item in my order because my spouse did not like it

USR:It is a pair of Calvin Klein jeans

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands, I can certainly help with this.

SYS:To start, can I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Yes

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:8BI9ZMRMBZ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you Joyce, I also need an order ID please.

USR:It is 1002591298

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And what does the shipping status of your order show?

USR:It has been delivered

ACT:Shipping status of Delivered has been noted.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:It is Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:OK, I can offer the refund immediately and once it has processed you can return the item.

USR:Excellent

USR:That sounds good

SYS:How much did the item cost that you are wanting returned?

USR:It was $49

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $49.

SYS:Your order has been refunded.  Once it has processed, reach back out to customer service to get the shipping label.

USR:That's great

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:I will send it back asap

USR:That is all today

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there, what can I do for you?

USR:Hi. I want to buy a pair of jeans but I see they are out of stock

SYS:I see.

SYS:let me see if there is anything I can do

SYS:Can I get your name please?

USR:My name is Crystal Minh

SYS:thank you

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:what brand of jeans?

SYS:or is it all of the jeans?

USR:They're Michael Kors jeans

SYS:OK, thx

ACT:A reason of  Michael Kors jeans has been recorded.

SYS:Let me notify our purchasing team about this.

USR:Thnx

ACT:The  Michael Kors jeans has been notified.

SYS:I am very sorry for the inconvenience

SYS:If you want, I coulf back-order them

USR:That would be great

SYS:I will use the credit card associated with your account, if that is OK

USR:That's good

ACT:A purchase of  Michael Kors jeans was made.

SYS:The jeans will go out to you asap - as soon as they are back in stock.

USR:Thanks!

SYS:Is there anything else?

USR:That's it. Thnx

SYS:OK thanks for being our customer & have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi. I'm rather annoyed. I'm trying to use this promo code but the website keeps saying it is invalid.

SYS:Oh no. I can understand how frustrating that can be! Let's see what the problem is. Can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:And when you try and use the code it says it is invalid?

USR:That's correct. I just got the code 2 days ago!

SYS:Codes usually last 7 days, so that does not seem right at all. Let's see what we can do Joyce.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level Joyce?

USR:I'm a Gold member, so I really don't see how I'm being treated this way

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:I think the system just messed up. We have been seeing large volumes of customers. I think everyone is home shopping! I'm going to get another promo code for you right away Joyce!

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:Thank you.

SYS:This one will work - SNXD5

USR:I appreciate your help!

SYS:Sorry about the mix up with the invalid code, but you should be all set now. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That was all I needed. Thank you!

SYS:Thanks Joyce, you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:Hello, I have become aware that I am missing credits that resulted from a promotional package I bought

SYS:Okay let me help you with that. Could i get your full name or account ID

ACT:A reason of Promotional Package has been recorded.

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay i am seeing that your credit is still there you are just not seeing it for some reason. Could you log out and log back in on your account and you should see it.

USR:Ok

USR:Oh I see it now

USR:Thank you

SYS:Great, is there anything else i can help you with

USR:That is all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi. I placed an order for only 1 item but it says there is two on there

SYS:Okay, can I have your name?

SYS:I will also need your acount ID and order ID?

SYS:Hi are you still there?

USR:sorry

USR:yes

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:6U2SEMRIG2

USR:2920568112

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:This was a company mistak. Can you tell me the shipping status?

USR:4789 1st Ave  Monterey, TX 23641

USR:I just want to make sure i wasnt charged for it

SYS:Do you know the shipping status?

USR:Delivered

SYS:Okay and how much were you double charged?

USR:49

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $49.00.

SYS:I am sorry about the mistake. You have been refunded.

USR:Thank you for your help

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No thanks

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrand. How may I help you?

USR:Hi I have a question about your return policy

SYS:Sure thing, what would you like to know?

USR:I bought a pair of boots for a birthday present but it's not the right size. I wanted to know how I can return it?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question1) was selected.

SYS:Alright, I believe I found the correct information for you.

SYS:Returns are based on your membership level. Gold members can make returns no questions asked. Silver member can make returns on purchases in the last 6 months.

SYS:For bronze members this is 90 days and as a guest the window is 30 days.

USR:hmmm, my status is bronze

USR:I made the purchase in September of 2019

SYS:Also note for guest if you have the receipt we will still be able to make the return, same goes for bronze or silver.

USR:I think I have the receipt somewhere

SYS:Great, you should be good to make a return then

USR:ok cool that's great

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:how can I get the return started?

SYS:You can contact an agent and simply tell them you would like to get a return started. You'll be asked for information to validate the purchase and then for your address to setup a shipping label for you.

USR:ok can I get that started now?

SYS:Would you like to start a return with me now or were you just wondering about the policy?

USR:I want to start a return

USR:but I wanted to know how the policy worked

SYS:Alright lets get that started for you then.

SYS:Can I please have your full name to pull up your account?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you Joyce. I was able to pull up your account. Could you also provide me with your Username, Email and Order ID so I can validate the purchase?

USR:jwu55057

USR:jwu55057@email.com

USR:1813099703

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great everything looks good.

USR:ok cool

SYS:If I recall correctly you said you were a bronze member and have your receipt correct?

USR:yes

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Great. Could you provide me with your address?

USR:5555 Lincoln Ave  Newark, MI 46324

ACT:Details of 5555 Lincoln Ave Newark, MI 46324 have been entered.

SYS:Alright and how would you like to do the return. By mail in store or at a drop off location?

USR:mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Alright, your return is set up and you'll be getting a shipping label shortly.

SYS:Was there anything else you needed today?

USR:great thanks so much!

USR:that's it

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:I just bought an item but decided I don't want it. I would like to get a refund.

SYS:Was it wrong color or wrong size?

USR:Wrong size

SYS:OK full name please

USR:David Williams

SYS:Also unsername, email and order id

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:davidw38   davidw38@email.com    9752864672

SYS:And what is your membership level?

USR:guest

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And the purchase dat?

USR:02-17-2020

SYS:Do you have the reciept?

USR:no

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:Oh I'm so sorry, as a guest user you can only return within 30 days of purchase without a reciept

SYS:If you can find the reciept log in again and we can help you

SYS:Sorry I couldn't be more help today

SYS:Anything else  can help you with?

USR:No, that's all

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi, I think the payment method on my order is wrong.

USR:I wanted it to charge my credit card but it charged my Paypal

SYS:Sure, could I get your name, please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thanks, I'll also need your Account and Order ID.

USR:CI8LJMBIHC

USR:Order ID: 8937837171

USR:The jeans are already out for delivery so I hope we can fix this, I pay for a gold membership after all.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks, let me just note that down.

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Okay, I'll just go ahead and change the payment to paypal.

ACT:Order has been updated with PayPal.

SYS:You're all set, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Nope that was it. Thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hello my name is Rodriguez Domingo and I have a problem with my subscription

SYS:What is the problem?

USR:I want to keep  it but Im not sure if its about to expire

SYS:Let me check that for you.

USR:I really like the service so I want to make sure Im still part of the club

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Could I have your account id and order id to verify your identity?

USR:Account ID: 8XRUKHZHG1

USR:Order ID: 5948414678

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:Let me check that status of your subscription.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

USR:Ok thanks

SYS:Your subscription is active, however you do owe $14 today.

USR:Oh I will make the payment then

USR:if I make the payment then im all set?

SYS:You can also check the status on the following link

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Yes

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Ok thanks

USR:that would be all

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Anytime I search on the site i am just getting the spinning loading wheel

SYS:ok, could you specify if it is only in the search or in all the sections of the page?

USR:anytime i search

USR:so just searches

SYS:We will do a series of steps and we will see which one solves your problem.

USR:alright

SYS:first, try to log out of your account and log back in

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:seems to be the same

SYS:ok, try to clear your browser cookies, do you know how to do it?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I do, that seems to have fixed it

SYS:I'm glad to hear it

SYS:a pleasure to help you

USR:thanks

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Im making sure Im getting what I ordered

USR:David Williams

SYS:I'll be glad to help you with that, David!

SYS:To continue assisting you, may I please get your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:BVHHQIIMUC

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:7400856975

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, David.

SYS:To clarify, what are you specifically inquiring about, with regards to your order?

USR:Has item been shipped

USR:Are they Calvin boots size 8 I ordered

SYS:David, I apologize: I'm having trouble understanding what you're asking.

SYS:What is the reason that you're contacting us today?

USR:Have my boots been shipped

SYS:David, are you able to see in your order details how long you've been waiting for your item?

USR:I got email stating they were shirt when I ordered boots

USR:6.5 months

SYS:Thank you for mentioning the email you received, David.

SYS:Let me check the system for you.

SYS:To validate your purchase, may I please get your Username and Email Address?

USR:dwilliams105

USR:dwilliams105@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Thank you, David. I can confirm that your order *is* correct in our system, and the email you received was in error.

SYS:The Calvin Klein boots will be on their way to you shortly.

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:No ty

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I can't get into my account because I totally forgot my password.

SYS:May I have your full name or your account ID?

USR:Sure.  Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Albert Sanders.

SYS:I can't recover the old password but I can generate a new, temporary password.

USR:Okay

SYS:Do you have your username?

USR:asanders234

ACT:Details of asanders234 have been entered.

SYS:And I need a PIN number or the answer to a security question.

USR:Alexander

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:0k62yo6jkqw

SYS:We reccomend you change this password once you are able to log in.

USR:Should I try it now just to check?

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with today?

SYS:Yes, go ahead and try it.

USR:It worked.  Thanks for your help.

SYS:Great. Any other questions I can answer for you today?

USR:Nope.  That's it.

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:I'm checking on the status of my silver subscrioption

USR:I want to make sure I keep it

SYS:Ok

SYS:Can you tell me your name, your account ID, and an order ID?

USR:David Williams, ZIGSSVDMSZ, and 7871569535

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is paid

USR:cool, thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:that's all

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:fine

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:I'd like to view my shopping history online, but I can't access my account because I forgot my username.

SYS:No problem, I can help you figure that out.

SYS:Can I please have your name, zip code, and email address?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu, my zip code is 44175, and my email is JWu@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks Joyce, it looks like your username is JWu1

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

SYS:Hello?

USR:Thank you!! That is all for now.

SYS:You're welcome :) Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I would like to return a Tommy Hilfiger jacket as the product has a stain on it

SYS:I'm so sorry that you got a jacket with a stain. I'd be happy to assist you with a return. Can I have your name or account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you. Can you verify your username, email address and the order ID for the jacket?

USR:sa456627, sa456627@email.com, 7782592643

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And what is your membership level with us?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:Do you still have your receipt?

USR:I do not

SYS:What date did you purchase the jacket?

USR:2019-10-30

SYS:I'm sorry, but returns can only be made within 30 days of the purchase date. It has been much more than that.

USR:Oh I see

USR:Ok well thank you

SYS:You're welcome. I'm sorry I couldn't be of more help. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is all I needed

SYS:Okay. I hope you enjoy the rest of your day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for being an AcmeBrands customer! How may I help you?

USR:Hi, my name's Rodriguez Domingo, a bronze member

USR:I need to check on an order.  It's been 5 days and I haven't received anything yet

SYS:Let's find out what's going on. One moment while I pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodrigo Dominguez.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:There we go. May I have your account ID and order ID?

USR:VN0NYRUVH5

USR:3911026797

USR:(in that order)

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks! Now to validate your purchase, may I have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:certainly, one second please

USR:rd070787

USR:rd070787@email.com

USR:3911026797

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Now I'll search our system to see what is going on.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like there is an issue with your shipment. I'll change the date so it arrives sooner.

ACT:Order has been updated with change date.

SYS:Your shipment has been fixed. Is there anything else you need?

USR:No, that's excellent.  Thanks for your help

SYS:You're welcome! Have a nice day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting us! How can I help you today?

USR:Good morning! The website is really slow right now. Anything wrong?

SYS:I'm sorry to hear. I'm happy to help you troubleshoot, though!

SYS:The first thing I recommend is trying to log out and then back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:hmmm..I tried but didn't work

SYS:Okay. What about closing other tabs and applications? That can sometimes slow the machine down.

USR:I can't proceed to the next page

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:let me see

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:nope. Still loading

SYS:Okay.

SYS:Can you try visiting another website?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok.. Looks like other websites are slow too

USR:maybe my internet is at fault

SYS:It may be an issue on your computer, then, but if you'd like to make a purchase, I can process it for you.

USR:I am trying to buy the jeans

USR:the brand is CK

SYS:Okay.

SYS:What is your card number and expiration date, please?

USR:2341 3456 5678 4565

USR:exp 02/24

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:A purchase of CK Jeans was made.

SYS:I've made the purchase for you. You can expect them shortly!

SYS:For now, can I help you with anything else?

USR:that is all

USR:thank you so much

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

SYS:You're welcome!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:hi, I am trying to check my order but I lost my phone and cant do the two factor thingy

SYS:Oh no! I'm so sorry to hear that. But we can possibly reset it for you

SYS:give me just one moment please

SYS:Can I get your full name and account ID?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:i do not have my account id

SYS:that's okay

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Can I get your email address please?

USR:josephb9@email.com

ACT:Details of josephb9@email.com have been entered.

SYS:I have emailed you a code to reset your two factor authentication

SYS:I have also sent you a link of best practices to avoid this problem in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:thank you I will try to log in with it

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:nope thats all

SYS:All right. Well Thanks for reaching out and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Howdy there, what can I do for you today?

USR:I was wondering if I could get a refund for a something I ordered.

SYS:Okay, why is that?

USR:I just changed my mind about them. I haven't opened them,

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name please?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:And your username, email, and order ID?

USR:My username is joycewu4, my email is joycewu4@email.com, and my order ID is 8961821021

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And what method would you like to do this refund by?

USR:Can it just be credited to my account for future purchases?

SYS:So just add the value to your account?

USR:Yes, please

ACT:A reason of add value has been recorded.

SYS:Can I have your account ID for that?

USR:Yeah, BOM6BGQMKH

ACT:Details of BOM6BGQMKH have been entered.

SYS:And what's the value of the refunded items?

USR:$74

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

SYS:Okay everything has been done on my end, and your refund should be credited to your account soon.

USR:Thank you so much

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No thanks

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:Hi! I am really interested in a premium membership with you guys but I was wondering what the benefits are.

SYS:I can help you with that.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:All members are invited to the Holiday extravaganza with open bar and free flights to and from your city.

USR:Wow! That's a huge incentive!

SYS:Gold members get unlimited refunds, the benefit of the doubt in all transactions, agents can purchase on their behalf, and cancel orders at any time.

SYS:Bronze members receive promo codes and save on shipping fees.

SYS:Silver members can have agents purchase on their behalf and cancel orders at any time.

USR:That all sounds awesome!

SYS:Oh, and Gold members always get the best promo codes and shipping deals!

USR:Great. I'm definitely interested! Thank you for your help!

SYS:You are very welcome!  Anything else today?

USR:That was all. Thank you!

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can i help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I'd like to upgrade to overnight shipping because I need my order as soon as possible

SYS:sure! let me take a look for you

SYS:What is your full name please?

USR:Name: Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for .

SYS:What is yor account id and order id?

USR:Account ID: ENVN0AIRCE

USR:Order ID: 1143088788

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status

USR:Shipping Status: Order Received

ACT:A reason of Order Received has been recorded.

SYS:What is your memberhsip level?

SYS:so i can tell you the fee

USR:Member Level: Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Your fee is waived

USR:Thank you

ACT:Order has been updated with tomorrow.

SYS:Your order has been updated to overnight shipping

USR:thank you

USR:is my order finalized?

USR:Hello

SYS:yes it is

SYS:sorry!

SYS:do you need anythign else

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:I need to check my refund

SYS:Sure, could i get your full name or account ID and username Email adress and Order ID

USR:Chloe Zhang

USR:czhang30

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:1770235959

USR:I want to add an item for an additional refund I don't want the jeans either

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay sure, could i get the brand name

USR:Ck

ACT:Order has been updated with CK Jeans Refund.

SYS:Okay and what was the price on those

USR:$79 for the jeans and my refund should be 100 already

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $79.

SYS:Okay, i have added that to your  existing refund. Is there anything else i can do for you

USR:No but thanks

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I would like to check my status of my order because I received and= email saying I ordered two items instead of one. I only want ont

SYS:Okay, can I have your name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:Thank you

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Can I have your account ID and order ID please

USR:2FJ9VTE6LA, 6640809218

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I am sorry, this was a mistake on our part. Can you tell me the shipping status?

USR:delivered

SYS:Okay, you must come back to the chat and ask to start a refund then.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:That is all

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello. I have a question about these Michael Kors jeans on your site

SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:They look so cool

USR:I might buy them

SYS:Okay, I can pull up that item for you.

USR:But you know if you have any in a smaller size?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:I'm very petite and I want them to fit

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:I understand--I'm petite, too, so it's hard to find jeans that fit well.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other3) was selected.

USR:I know! It's so difficult!

SYS:So, these jeans do come in a variety of widths.  The standard inseam is 36".

USR:Hmmm...that might be too big for me

USR:Do they come any smaller than that?

SYS:They do.  Is the size you are looking for out of stock on the website?

USR:Yes I think it is

SYS:Okay, we should be restocking those jeans on May 1st, so check back then.

USR:Oh okay

USR:So what is the smallest size that's in stock now?

SYS:The smallest size I see is a 34.

USR:Okay, that's good to know

USR:I'll probably wait until May to buy them, then

USR:Thanks for your help!

SYS:You are very welcome.  May I help you with anything else?

USR:No, that was it

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi, I'm having a problem with your website. Everything I am interested in is out of stock, and this isn't the first time.

SYS:I am sorry to hear this, let's see what we can do about it.

SYS:May I have your full name or Account ID?

USR:Yeah, it's Chloe Zhang

SYS:So just to clarity the items show out of stock not something like "no results found" correct?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:Right. Jeans? Out of stock. Jackets? Out of stock. Socks? OUT.OF.STOCK. It's aggravating!

SYS:Thank you I was just asking for clarification.

USR:Ok

SYS:So the first thing I will do is write up a report on your behalf to the Purchasing Department.  One moment,

USR:Ok

ACT:The Purchasing Department has been notified.

SYS:I can tell you still seem a little upset and I apologize for this.  What I can do is generate a promo code for your next purchase.

USR:That would be nice, I appreciate it!

SYS:Sure just one moment.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is your promo code, it should generate you a nice discount:  RKPE1

USR:I'll write it down so I don't forget.

USR:Thanks!

SYS:Of course, is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that's all.

SYS:Again my apologies and I hope you have a wonderful rest of your day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! how can i help you

USR:I have a question about an order I made

SYS:sure, what can i help you with

USR:I just got the confirmation and it said it was for next day delivery but I didn't want to pay the shipping price for it

USR:I want to make sure it was regular delivery with no shipping charge

SYS:What is your full name, account id and order id

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:E7PTRCZ9HH

USR:1970076075

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status of your order?

USR:It says order received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received  has been noted.

SYS:What is your membership level

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:I can delay shipping date

ACT:Order has been updated with next week.

SYS:Your order has been updated until next week and you will pay no shipping cost

USR:ok that's great

SYS:do you need anything else?

USR:that's it

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:hi, i would like to check on an order status but i cannot access my account online because i don't know my password

SYS:Sure! I would be happy to help with that.

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Thank you! Can I have your username?

USR:albertsanders1212

ACT:Details of albertsanders1212 have been entered.

SYS:Thank you.  For security purposes, I can not access your old password.  I can generate a new one for you.  Can you provide me with your security question answer your pin number?

USR:Security Answer: Singh

USR:pin number is 1969

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Great.  Your password is: 0qnupdq7gvwo

USR:ok perfect!

SYS:I would suggest changing it once you are in your account

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:nope thats it

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp today! Have a great day

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:I recently signed up for a premium membership.  My account still says guest.  Can you check the status of when my membership will be active?

SYS:Yes, can I get your full name, account id and order id

USR:Norman Bouchard  24P8LSQ73H   Order ID: 7837698480

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard .

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is not yet active.  It looks like $14 is due today and as soon as that is paid it will be active.  Would you like to pay tat now?

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

USR:No.  I will have to pay that after I get paid later.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Well actually.  I have the money now so I can pay it now

SYS:OK I have sent a link to your email that will allow youto look that up when you are ready

SYS:OH OK, do you have a credit card you want to use now or just use the one on file?

USR:the one on file is fine./

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:OK, it's paid and your membership is now active

SYS:Anything else today?

USR:No, thats it.  Thanks

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hello.  I noticed that my address was incorrect I need to change it, please.

SYS:Absolutely. May I have either your full name or account ID to pull up your account?

USR:Yes.  My name is Albert Sanders.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:And could you confirm the old address on your account?

USR:Yes.  The old address is:  4570 Primrose Avenue

ACT:A reason of 4570 Primrose Avenue has been recorded.

SYS:Alright, I just need to verify your identity. I need 3 of the following: ZIP code, phone number, PIN number, username, password, email address, or order ID of a previous purchase.

USR:Sure.  My zip code is:  77827, email address is:  albertsanders423@email.com, and user name is:  albertsanders423

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Verified, thank you! What would you like your address updated to?

USR:The correct address should be 4571 Primrose Avenue.

ACT:Order has been updated with 4571 Primrose Avenue.

ACT:Account has been updated with 4571 Primrose Avenue.

SYS:All done! Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is it.  Thank you so much for your help today.

SYS:Absolutely! Have a wonderful day and let us know if you have any other questions.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help today?

USR:I want to see if my cart qualifies for free shipping.  My name is Crystal Minh and I'm a Bronze member

SYS:Let me take a look into that for you Crystal.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:If the items in your cart are over $25.00 before taxes, then you qualify for free shipping.  Otherwise there is a flat rate of $4.99 for the entire cart.

USR:Great, I love free shipping!  Thanks for your help.  That's all I needed.

SYS:Overnight shipping can be requested for an additional cost, but that is based on the combined weight of the items being purchased.

SYS:Great, thank you and have a wonderful day!

USR:OH yeah I forgot about overnight thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may i help?

USR:Hi I was looking at a pair of boots and have a question

SYS:ah yes, what is the question?

USR:Its the Calvin Klein boots. I wanted to know if they come with a warranty?

SYS:I can check to see if those boots are covered by warranty for you today!

SYS:May i have your name?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:I have an answer here Alessandro

SYS:The boots come with a 12 month warranty for material and workmanship defects

SYS:it does not cover normal wear and tear

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other4) was selected.

USR:ok cool

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:that;s it

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may I help you?

USR:Hi, I think I may have been overcharged for shipping on an order.

SYS:Sure, may I have your full name, username, account AND order ID to verify?

USR:David Williams

USR:dw861747

USR:Account ID: 6G6QQ83501

USR:Order ID: 6856333680

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you, one second.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is your shipping status?

USR:My statement says out for delivery.

ACT:A reason of out for delivery. has been recorded.

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery. has been noted.

SYS:All I can do at this point is refund the extra shipping fee, how much was it?

USR:The total charge was 9.99 for shipping.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $9.99.

SYS:There you go, anything else today?

USR:Thanks for your help. That's all I needed.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi, I'm trying to check out but my card keeps getting rejected.

SYS:I am sorry to hear this.  Let's see what we can do about this.

USR:Okay, I haven't had this problem before.

SYS:Ok so let's try a couple of troubleshooting steps that are simple and see what we can do here.

USR:Okay.

SYS:The first one is simple and you might have done it already.  You can try entering the CC info again.

USR:Okay, tried that and it still didn't work.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:No problem at all, the next one is simple as well.  Try logging out of your account and then logging back in.  It can be a simple cookie issue.

USR:That did it! Thank you for your help!

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Fantastic.

SYS:It happens on occasion.  I am glad I was able to help you fix this so quickly.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, that was it. Thanks!

SYS:Thank you for your patronage and you have a wonderful rest of your day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:Hi! I am considering to get a jacket but I have some questions

USR:Is it suitable foe extreme weather?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:And how often should this jacket be washed?

SYS:Jackets are wind-proof and insulated from cold

SYS:If you wear if regularly we recommend twice a season or more.  If you don't wear it too often once a season can be good enough.

USR:Ok good to know

SYS:Yes, I hope you will be happy with your jacket

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:I think I like this one

USR:That's all. Thank you

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:Have a good night

SYS:You have a good night too :)

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I was charged twice for a purchase and I don't know why

SYS:That doesn't sound right, let me see how I can help. Can I start with having your full name or account ID?

USR:I should also have premium service

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thanks Joseph! I've pulled up your account.

SYS:I'll start with looking up your order. Can I have your account ID and the order ID?

USR:hm

USR:account 0ZBNJCXVYS

USR:order 4156957435

USR:something else?

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you! No, that's all I needed to verify your order.

SYS:Let me see if you were charged in error. One second, please.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Hm, it seems that this fee was charged correctly. Do you know what your membership level is?

USR:it says guest

USR:but I have a premium membership

SYS:I see, we have Guest, Bronze, Silver, and Gold memberships available.

SYS:If you don't have Silver or Gold membership, then I'm really sorry, but there isn't anything I can do about this fee, as it seems to have been charged correctly.

USR:Oh no

USR:That's not good

USR:Oh well.

SYS:Yes, I'm sorry. Maybe there was a price surge at the time that you were making your purchase?

SYS:I'm sorry that we couldn't resolve your issue today...

SYS:But please take care, and have a great rest of your day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:HI! can you help me check the status of my refund? It has been 2 weeks

SYS:Yes, I sure can.  May I have your full name so that I can pull up your account?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:I also need your Username, email address and Order ID to validate the purchase.

USR:rdomingo274

USR:rdomingo274@email.com

USR:and my order ID is 1316181209

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay, I have validated your purchase and the refund status is Complete.

USR:Oh ok because just a few minutes ago, I haven't seen the money

SYS:The system is telling me that you requested the refund online.

USR:SO I should see it in my account, right?

SYS:You should, but you can also change the payment method.

SYS:Would you like to do that?

USR:No, thank you

USR:I think I am good

USR:Thanks for your help

USR:Have a great day

SYS:Okay, if you change your mind please reach out.  Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello I need help with your site

USR:I search a product and results are not related

USR:this is frustrating, can you please help

SYS:You are saying that the search is not working for you?

USR:Pretty much

USR:I search for shoes and the results are jeans

SYS:Alright, let's see what can be done.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Could you try again for me real quick?

USR:sure

USR:same thing

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Alright, now try logging out and logging back in.

USR:ok

USR:nope that didnt work

ACT:Details of Clear cookies have been entered.

SYS:Alright, try clearing the cookies.

USR:ok

USR:it worked

USR:thank you

USR:Yay now I can but shoes!!

SYS:That's great! Will that be all for today?

USR:Yes thats all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:Hello, I want to upgrade to overnight shipping

USR:I would like to get my order as soon as possible

SYS:Okay sure could i get your account id or full name please

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Okay, and could i get your order and account ID also please

USR:Account ID: TPCGK3AKB9 | Order ID: 3557586159

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay could you give me the shipping status please

USR:Order Received

SYS:Okay great we can still upgrade it

USR:Thats good

SYS:Could you give me your membership level please

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

USR:silver

SYS:Okay it will be a $20 charge to upgrade to overnight. Is it okay if i add that onto the card you paid for the order with?

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

USR:Yes that will be okay

ACT:Order has been updated with Tommorow .

SYS:Okay just did it, is there anything else i can help you with today?

USR:That is everything, thank you for all your help today

SYS:No problem, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Looking to see if you can help with a delivery issue.  The time seems all wrong

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:Did you want to change your shipping time or is that you got the wrong shipping date?

USR:shipping time please

SYS:Do you want to move your shipping time to a different one?

USR:yes

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:GSJE71ZTSM

SYS:Could I have your account id and order id to verify your identity?

USR:I just sent it

SYS:And the order id?

SYS:Are you still there?

USR:7529379766

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:When would you like me to change the delivery time to?

USR:NEXT WEEK PLEASE.

ACT:Order has been updated with change time.

SYS:The order has been updated to change the delivery time to next week.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No that is it, thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:I would like to make a purchase but my card keeps getting rejected

SYS:I see, let's try and fix that.

SYS:Could you try first re-entering it?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Sure

USR:not that did not work

SYS:Could you try logging in and out and the re-entering the card/

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok

USR:no that did not work :(

SYS:Could you try to see your card's expiration date? What is it?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ooppss

USR:its expired I grabbed the wrong card

USR:thank you for your help and sorry about that

SYS:No issue! Happens all the time.

SYS:Anything else you need?

USR:That was all

USR:Thank you and have a good day

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hi! Thanks for contacting Acme support. How can I help you today?

USR:I just checked my order and the shipping cost seems way too high

USR:If you can't fix this, I would like to just cancel my order

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Can I get your full name so that I can look into that for you.

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:One moment Sanya.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Let me bring up your order. Can I get your username, email address and order ID?

USR:yes

USR:username is sa280076

USR:sa280076@email.com

USR:order id 9915516748

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And what is the delivery status?

USR:order received

SYS:thanks.

ACT:Shipping status of order received has been noted.

SYS:Okay, I can go ahead and cancel the order for you, is that what you'd like me to do?

USR:yes

SYS:no problem.

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel order.

USR:I mean, you could have just been nice and reduce the shipping fee or something

USR:but I guess I will just cancel

SYS:Unfortunately that wasn't an option at this time.

USR:ok

SYS:I went ahead and canceled your order and there is no charge to you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:no. that was all

USR:thank you for your help

SYS:Have a great day and thanks for shopping with Acme!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I would like to know more about a product.

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your name please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:thanks Chloe.

SYS:What exactly do you need to know?

USR:I would like to know if there are any small, medium, or large in stock

USR:Product: jacket  Brand: Calvin_Klein  Amount: $69

SYS:okay, just a second.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (other2) was selected.

SYS:Our jackets come in several sizes. Can you find our size in our website?

SYS:your size, sorry.

USR:i have found the small and large but the medium i can not

USR:so do you see any medium in stock?

SYS: if the size is listed as empty on the website, then we are currently out of stock for that size.

USR:alright

SYS:Jackets are refilled every month at the end of the month, depending on the current season and fashion trends.

SYS:You can check back around that time for your jacket of interest.

USR:OKay thank you for that piece of information

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:That is everything, thank you again

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you to

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may i help?

USR:what are the benefits of a premium membership?

SYS:i see, you are inquiring about our membership benefits today, i can assist with that

SYS:May I have your name please?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:I have an answer foir you here Joyce

SYS:All members are invited to the holiday party with open bar and free flights within USA. Bronze members save on shipping and promo codes. Silber members also can have agents place orders, and cancel orders anytime. Gold members get unlimited refunds a

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:if that answers your question, is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:no

SYS:Gold members also get benefit of doubt in all transactions* sorry

SYS:have a nice day then joyce!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:I forgot my username

SYS:Ok

SYS:Can you tell me your name, zip code, phone number, and email address?

USR:Norman Bouchard, phone 578-539-4868, zip 8557, and normanbouchard500@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Your username is nbouchard1

USR:okay, let me try that

USR:that works, thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:that's all, thanks

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Hi I have a problem accessing my account. My phone that was used for 2 factor authentication broke. Can you help?

SYS:Yes This is definately something we can help with

SYS:You wish to reset your two factor authentication?

USR:or figure out a way to log in

USR:because my phone doesn't work

SYS:If your phone is broken we will need to reset two factor authentication in order for you to log in

USR:ok

SYS:Can I get your full name and account ID?

USR: Alessandro Phoenix

USR:AZSFKI8DJS

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Can you please provide me with your email address as well?

USR:aphoenix6@email.com

ACT:Details of aphoenix6@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Can you confirm your PIN number?

USR:632548

SYS:I have sent a reset code to the email address on file

USR:ok thanks

SYS:Also I have sent a link with best practices to help you avoid this problem in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that's it

SYS:All right. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:Im good thank you!

SYS:What can I help you with?

USR:Can you check  my order. Am I getting Guess boots?g

USR:Is the guess boots being delivered to my house

USR:7550564968

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Sure, can I also have your account ID please?

USR:2SQYOJGKAN

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Did you receive an email stating something was wrong with this shipment?

USR:Yes

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like the email was incorrect, I apologize. The order will arrive at your house shortly.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I will get guess boots?

SYS:Correct

USR:Ok thank you!

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to customer service unit

USR:Hi, I want to check on an order. I bought a pair of boots for 74$ but my email confirmation gave me a higher price

SYS:Sorry

USR:Was I charged 74?

SYS:please can I have your full name

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for .

SYS:I need to verify your identity

SYS:I need your account id and order id

USR:Account ID: QY9WENTOFL

USR:Order ID: 9110282482

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Verified

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:What is the amount of the overcharge?

USR:10$

ACT:Order has been updated with 10.

SYS:The extra charge has been successfully removed. I am very sorry for the inconvenience

USR:thank you!

SYS:Would that be all for today?

USR:that was all I needed, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I would like to know when the spring collection will drop?

SYS:Okay I can pull that up for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

USR:okay

SYS:Our spring collection dropped on the 3rd of April so it should have just come out!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That is everything, thank you for all your help today

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Hi. I have been trying to search on your site but the search bar just doesn't seem to be working.

SYS:I see, let's try a few things to see if we can fix it.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok

SYS:First, could you try logging in and out and then searching again?

USR:yes give me a second

USR:ok , nope that didn't work

SYS:I see, if you go to your browser and go into 'More Details' there should be an option to clear cookies. Could you try that, and then search?

USR:Ok, i see it. I'll give it a shot.

USR:I think that worked!

SYS:Excellent! I'm glad.

SYS:Will there be anything else today?

USR:nope that is it, thank you.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:Hi, my name's Alessandro Phoenix.  I made an order, but the cost of shipping was too high

USR:I think I'd just like to cancel that and get a refund

SYS:ok, I can help with that

SYS:Ok, so you want to get a refund because the shipping cost was too high, correct?

USR:Yes, that's right

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Can I get your email and username to confirm your purchase please?

USR:ap428309

USR:and

USR:ap428309@email.com

SYS:thank you, can I also have your Order ID?

USR:2522992267

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks, Do you know the Shipping Status?

USR:It is still on Order Received status

ACT:Shipping status of order received has been noted.

SYS:That's good news

SYS:Ok, I can cancel your order now

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel order.

SYS:it's done!

USR:Okay, thanks

USR:That was all I needed

SYS:You're welcome.Can I do anything else for you?

SYS:Have a great day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:I have a question about my account

SYS:Sure, how can I help?

USR:I signed up for the premium subscription service but I just checked and I was charged twice for it!

USR:I want one of the charges reversed and a refund please

SYS:Oh my that's no good. Let's see what I can do to help

SYS:I'll need a bit of information from you so I can pull everything up.

SYS:First could you provide me with your Full name and Account ID?

USR:Chloe Zhang

USR:GMNST3QQ7B

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you Chloe, and can I have your order ID please?

USR:4216069008

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, I was able to verify your identity. Now could oyu tell me your membership level?

USR:bronze

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:Let me check with my system to see what might have happened.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:ok

SYS:Unfortunately everything appears to be correct for the charges. I apologize for the inconvenience. Was  it possible the bill was just higher than expected?.

USR:no I see I was charged twice

SYS:This might have been done because the previous payment processed later than usual butt I can assure you that there was no error in the amount you were charged.

USR:you're sure? when can I see that on my account?

SYS:I can send you a link to your account page so you can double check it if you would like

USR:ok

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:I'm sorry for any inconvenience this may have caused.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:that's it. I'll check the link you sent

SYS:Alright, if you find it still in error don't hesitate to contact us and do a followup.

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi there!

SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:So I hope it isn't too late but I'd like to add an item to an order I already have with you guys?

SYS:Let me see if we can help you out!

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID please?

USR:Thanks! I totally spaced out earlier, and sure thing!

USR:It's Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:That happens! :)

USR:Yeah q.q

SYS:May I also have your account ID and order ID please?

USR:You ceritanly may, let me grab that for you

USR:My ID is YYUB26WFEA, and the order id is 7086673010

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you! We have verified your identity.

USR:Awesome!

SYS:Has your item already shipped?

USR:Uhhh it wasn't this morning but let me double check

USR:...........Oh no! It looks like it was delivered already???

USR:Oh man...does this just mean I have to order it separately then?

ACT:Shipping status of delivered has been noted.

SYS:I am sorry, but yes.

SYS:I can make the purchase for you through here and get it shipped out ASAP

USR:Well man...no idea it even shipped. And yes that would be amazing!

SYS:What item did you want?

USR:It's the Michael Kors boots for $64 that you have on your site?

SYS:Oh yes. I see them. They are VERY nice

ACT:A purchase of Michael Kors boots was made.

USR:Right?!

SYS:The purchase has been made!  I used the information already listed on your account from your previous order.

USR:They're for the wife actually. I think she'll love them

USR:Oh that's awesome thank you so much!

SYS:You're welcome! What else can I do for you?

USR:I think that's all thank you, you've been amazing

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello, can you help me log in to my account please, I don't remember my password

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name and your username?

USR:Sure it's Rodriguez Domingo, rodriguezd288

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:Details of rodriguezd288 have been entered.

SYS:I will need your PIN number or your Security Answer to generate a new password for you.

USR:It's 777284

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Thank you, here is your new password: 30ff762y7nh

SYS:Is there anything else you need help with?

USR:Perfect that worked, thank you, have a good day

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may I help you?

USR:I was wondering if i can get an extension on my account

USR:To pay for my subscription

SYS:Let's see, may I have your full name, account AND order IDs please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

USR:0586139559

SYS:Account AND order IDs please?

USR:RZ6LP6NGTL

SYS:Thank you, one second.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is your membership level by chance?

USR:Guest

SYS:I'm sorry, guests cannot have an extension. There is nothing I can do.

USR:Aw man, thank you for helping today

SYS:No problem, sorry I couldn't get you one. Anything else you need help with today?

USR:That is everything i needed help with today

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:Hi, I forgot my username and I need to access my account.

SYS:No problem, I can look that up for you! What is your name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thanks Sanya. In order to verify your identity, I will need some information from you. What is your zip code and email address?

USR:77696 is my zip code.  I don't know the email that is associated with my account.  But I have a phone number if that helps?

SYS:Yes, phone number works great!

USR:Phone Number: (753) 731-8447

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:It looks like your username is safzal1

USR:Great thank you for the help!  Can you hold for a second while I see if that works?

SYS:Sure!

USR:Yes, it works!  That's all I needed today.  Thanks again

SYS:You're welcome! Have a great day :0

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How can I help you?

USR:Hello Mr. Agent

USR:Can you please move my delivery date until sometime next week?  I really don't want to have to pay a shipping fee, and I don't mind waiting longer.

SYS:I can help you with that.  What is your full name or Account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:ok

SYS:Okay, I've pulled up your account.

USR:And???

SYS:Do you know the status of your shipping?

USR:Doh!  Yes, I see now that it's already out for delivery  :(

ACT:Shipping status of Out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Let me confirm your purchase.

SYS:I'll need your Username, email, and Order ID

USR:Order ID is 7552146872.  Sorry, I don't remember my Username, but my email address is rdomingo3829@gmail.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:ok

SYS:Are you a Gold or Silver member?

USR:Silver

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Great.  Let me check on some solutions.

USR:OK

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

USR:Could you please hurry?  I have somewhere I need to be.  This is taking a long time.

SYS:Yes, I'm just checking to see if there's an alternative for you rather than cancelling.

USR:Ok

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

USR:Huh?

SYS:Okay, it looks like we will have to cancel the order.

USR:So what do I do when I receive the order since it's already out for delivery? Should I refuse delivery?

SYS:No, I'd accept delivery.  If you'd like to return the item for a full refund, then you can.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:I'd keep it if I could just get the shipping reimbursed.  Could I get a refund of just the shipping?

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Sure I can do that for you.

USR:Awesome

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

ACT:System Action: search membership

USR:Can I get a confirmation email that I will be reimbursed the shipping fee please?

SYS:Yes you will get a confirmation email once it's changed in the system.

USR:Ok, thank you

SYS:You are very welcome.  Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No, that was everything!

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today! How can I help you?

USR:Hi there, I'm thinking about buying some boots, and I was wondering if you could give me more info as far as what the lace color is.  Is it black or dark brown?

SYS:Of course! Can I get your name please?

USR:Sure!  It's Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you, Joyce. Let me get that information for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:Thank you very much.

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other2) was selected.

SYS:Okay, Joyce. So we use a very high-end leather for our boots and 90% of the boots are black. To go along with the boot color the laces are also black. Black has been deemed more stylish for this season. However...

SYS:some of them are designed to wear a bit so they will have a dark brown touch over time. You can find on our website which products will wear like that.

SYS:Is there any other information I can help you with today?

USR:Oh I see!  Okay that answers my question then.  That's the only question I had for you; thank you so much for answering it for me. :)

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:yes i just read an email stating that my subscription was added to my account even though i do not want it

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo and account id is ADF4567YH

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

SYS:Let me check the system about the subscription.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:According to the system, the subscription is not added to the account. The email must have been a scam email. You can check the sender information on the email to see that it is not from the official AcmeCorp marketing team.

USR:okay, thank you

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:that will be all

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there, what can I do for you today?

USR:Hi! I have receivved my order. It is the wrong size.

USR:I want to return it, so what do I need to do?

SYS:Okay, I can help with that.

SYS:YOu would like to return an item because you received the wrong size, correct?

USR:Yes.

SYS:Could I please have your name?

USR:My name is Albert Sanders.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Hi Albert, I will also need your Username, email address, and order ID to confirm the purchase.

USR:My username is alberts2. My e-mail is alberts2@email.com. My order ID is 3104379112.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Ok great, let me check to see if the item is able to be returned.

SYS:May I know your membership level?

USR:Bronze.

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:When was the purchase date?

USR:December 4, 2019

SYS:Okay, and do you happen to have a receipt?

USR:Well, I have my order statement. I paid with PayPal.

SYS:Okay, good. Is it in the original packaging by chance?

USR:It is.

SYS:Good news, I can process your return

USR:Great! Thanks!

SYS:Could I have your full address for the shipping label?

USR:5189 2nd Avenue

USR:Newark, WA 71288

ACT:Details of 5189 2nd Avenue Newark, WA 71288 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, and finally, how would you like to process the return? Either by mail, in store, or at a drop off location?

USR:I can do it in store.

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

SYS:Okay you're all set for the return, is there anything else you needed today?

USR:No, thank you for your time.

SYS:Thanks, have a good day and stay healthy!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and welcome to AcmeCorp, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi. I'm trying to buy something but my credit card won't go through

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that, so you're getting an invalid credit card error, I'll be happy to help you fix that.

SYS:First, can I have you log out / log in and try your credit card again on the site.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:hm, that didn't work

SYS:Okay.  Next, can I have the expiration date of your credit card, sometimes an expired card can trigger the error.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:Ah, yes

USR:it was expired, oops

USR:I'll try another one then

SYS:Yes, another one should be able to work.  I'm happy we got this resolved.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, thanks

SYS:You're so welcome, hope you have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you?

USR:Hello! I would just like to confirm the shipping address on my order? The email I received has the wrong address

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that. What is your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Albert Sanders, UHWSAQYRFT, and order is 7351243020

SYS:Thank you. I will also need your username and email address, please

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR: albertsanders992

USR:albertsanders992@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay, what address would you like to have the order sent to?

USR:Can you just confirm where it is being sent to first?

SYS:Yes, I'm asking what address you'd like to send it to so that I can confirm with the system if it's correct.

USR:8297 Woodshore St  Baltimore, NY 43607

SYS:Okay, that is not the same address we have on file. I will go ahead and update the address for you.

ACT:Order has been updated with change address.

ACT:Details of 8297 Woodshore St Baltimore, NY 43607 have been entered.

USR:Thank you so much

SYS:You're very welcome! You're all set. Anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is it. Thanks

SYS:Thank you, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may i help you today?

USR:I want to check my account for information about an order but I forgot my username.

SYS:i see, i can assist in recoverin your usernme today, no problem!

SYS:first, ill need your full name to pull up the account

USR:Full name is Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Thanks albert.

SYS:I also need 2 of 3 out of the following

SYS:zip code, email, phone number

SYS:in order to verify your identity

USR:Zip code is 13861, phone number is (700) 374-1567

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:great!

SYS:ive reset your username to asanders1

SYS:you should be able to access the account now

SYS:is there anything else i can assist you with?

USR:No

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! my credit card keeps getting rejected

SYS:Okay, let me see what I can do to help.

USR:ok

SYS:Can I ask one quick question first. What's the expiration date on your card?

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:5/21

SYS:Okay, and just to be sure can you try entering your card information again just to be sure?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok

USR:oh that worked. I must have entered a number or something wrong

SYS:No worries, is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help?

USR:Hi, I've got a bit of a problem. I want to log in to my account, but I can't access it. I set up 2-factor authentication on my account, but I lost the phone I use for the two-factor authentication. Is there anything I can do to get into my account?

SYS:Well let's see, do you have another phone you could use the Two-Factor on that we could change it over to?

USR:Yes, I could switch it to my husband's phone number if that's okay. His number is 665-452-9802

SYS:What is your current number, also may I have your full name to switch?

USR:Sure, my current number is 443-788-9000. And my full name is Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:A reason of 443-788-9000 has been recorded.

SYS:Great! One more thing, do you have your password, and username on you? If not one of those, I can also take a zip-code to verify.

USR:My zip code is 96700

SYS:A username or password? I just need one of those now.

USR:I have a PIN number I can give to you. It's 319051

SYS:Perfect! One second.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been updated with 665-452-9802.

SYS:It has been fixed. Anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That's all I need today. Thank you so much!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:I was trying to look on the website but it is going really slow. Are you aware of any problems? I'm trying to figure out if it's on my end or yours.

SYS:Sure lets try and get that fixed for you. I have a few things we can try.

SYS:Can you try a different site for me?

USR:Ok, I'll check.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Yeah, I went to Target's website and it seems fine.

SYS:Can you try logging out then back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok, will our chat continue?

USR:if I log out

SYS:Yes.

USR:Ok, i'll do it

USR:I'm logged back on but it's still hardly loading.

SYS:Can you close all extra tabs and shut down any programs running?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok, checking...

USR:Alright, that seemed to work. I guess another web page was causing the problem?

SYS:That is very possible. Im glad it working as it should now. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That's all I needed, thanks for helping!

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I am having a hard time adding an item to my cart. When I do, it is not updating.

SYS:I'm sorry you'

SYS:you're having trouble*

SYS:sorry about that.

SYS:Let me look into this for you.

SYS:Have you tried refreshing the page?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just tried to refresh and that did nothing.

SYS:Okay, try logging out and logging back in. Let me know if that resolves the issue.

USR:That didn't help either.

SYS:Okay, the item could possibly be out of stock. The stock status is listed on the bottom lefthand side of the product page. Can you look there and tell me if it's out of stock?

USR:I dont see thatt

SYS:You don't see in stock or out of stock?

USR:No

USR:They are Guess boots for $79

SYS:Okay. Well let me try to make the purchase for you.

SYS:What is your credit card number?

USR:I just hit refresh again and it worked!

SYS:Oh great!

SYS:Happy to hear that. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that is it.

SYS:Okay, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I need to return the Michael_Kors boots $79 because of a stain

SYS:Oh I'm sorry to hear that. Sure. I can do that for you. Can I get your name please?

USR:Order ID 0290455302 Albert Sanders alberts7 purchase date 09-13-2019

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Thank you, Albert. Can I get your email address as well?

USR:alberts7@email.com

USR:I used my debit card by the way

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. Do you know what your membership level is?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Okay and you made that purchase on 9/13/2019 correct?

USR:yes

SYS:Do you happen to have the receipt for that order?

USR:just the order no. 0290455302

SYS:Unfortunately we are unable to do the return at this time because the purchase was made more than 30 days ago and you do not have the receipt. I apologize.

USR:OK, I will look for my reciept and get back to you.

SYS:Okay great. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Can I send my bank record showing the debit?

SYS:Unfortunately we do need the actual receipt.

USR:OK.  Thanks I'm done

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  Can I help you?

USR:Hey so I'm trying to pay my bill in order to keep my premium subscription service.

SYS:Okay

USR:I love the service, it's fabulous.

USR:I want to pay now, can you help me with that?

SYS:Can you tell me your full name or your account ID?

SYS:Yes, I can help.

USR:Sure, my name is Chloe Zhang. My account ID is PM58FBCKNG

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thanks, Chloe.  What is the order ID?

USR:The order ID is 4868913433

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:How much do you want to pay today?

USR:How much do I owe you?

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:$49.00

USR:Okay, I'll pay the whole balance.

USR:You can go ahead and charge me.

SYS:Okay

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

SYS:Do you have a credit card number?

USR:Just take it out of my PayPal

USR:It should be linked to my account already, my phone number is 485-355-0444

SYS:Okay, I will use the number on the account

USR:Sweet, thanks a lot. It's all paid then?

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Yes, it's all paid.  Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:That was it. Thanks a million, you're the best :)

SYS:Okay, I will end this conversation now

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Greetings! I want to buy a few products, but I can't because my cart does not what to update. Can you help me out?

SYS:Sure

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you try refreshing the page and adding the item again.

USR:Ok let me give that a shot.

USR:I tried adding the jeans I want to order after I did that, still did not work

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Something else I can do?

SYS:Can you log out and then log back in and try again?

USR:Sure, just a minute, I'll try adding my order again after I log in/out.

USR:Hey! It worked! Did my order for my $99 Calvin Kleins go through that time?

SYS:That's great

SYS:It did

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Awesome. You are awesome. Thanks for all the help and have a good day :)

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I was charged twice for my subscription bill for some reason.

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:thanks Sanya.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Can you please let me know your Account ID and Order ID to verify your identity?

USR:Sure, my account ID is TR9IP3QJWZ and order ID is 9587228985

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. What is your membership level?

USR:I'm a Bronze member

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:the system shows that you can get a refund for the overcharge.

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

USR:Okay, good.

SYS:How much is the overcharge?

USR:I believe it was $40

SYS:how much is your total bill amount?

USR:$80

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

USR:Awesome, thanks

SYS:Okay, a refund of $40 has been made to your account.

SYS: Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Great, thanks for taking care of that. That's all I needed, have a nice day.

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:hey kinda getting frustrated because everything I think about getting seems to be out of stock

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that

SYS:I'll be sure to let our Purchasing Department know about this issue

USR:for instance this tommy hilfiger shirt you don't have one hiding in a back stock room or anything right having trouble believing so much is out

USR:ok

ACT:A reason of Tommy Hilfiger shirt has been recorded.

USR:ya you gotta wake someone up over there I haven't found a thing in stock

ACT:The Purchasing Department has been notified.

SYS:Again, I'm sorry for the stock issues

SYS:If there's a particular item you want

SYS:I can back order it for you

USR:anyway you could let me know when you have stuff available to buy again generally?

SYS:So it ships to you as soon as we have it

USR:nah I'll probably find that elsewhere

USR:I'm rodriguez domingo rd815773@email.com

SYS:Okay, I'll be sure to have our purchasing department get back to you as soon as possible

SYS:And we'll notify you when we get a new shipment in

ACT:Account has been pulled up for rodriguez domingo.

ACT:Details of rd815773@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that's alright thanks I'm sure you had nothing to do with it just frustrated have a nice day

SYS:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:I wanna know about my subscription

USR:I ask cause I wanna keep it

SYS:Sure, what about your subscription can I help you with?

USR:I wanna know when the annual fee is due

SYS:I can help with that.

USR:I wanna pay the fee is the due date is now

SYS:Do you want to pay, or you want to know when it is due?

USR:Name: Sanya Afzal

USR:only pay if it is today

USR:due date I mean

SYS:I'm sorry. I'm having difficulty understanding what you want.

USR:Is my due date today for subscription?

SYS:Thank you Sanya. Let me pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:I'm going to need your account ID and order ID to verify your identity.

USR:Account ID: XQMH31KV5C

USR:Order ID: 8281968785

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Ok. Now let me check the status of your subscription.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription will end 3 days from now, and you owe $14

USR:thanks

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:thanks

SYS:I just sent you a link where you can log in and pay your subscription fee.

USR:great

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hello.  I recently placed an order, and teh shipping cost was way too high.

SYS:Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.  Let me see if there's something I can do

SYS:If you'd like, we may be able to downgrade the shipping speed so that it will cost less

USR:I would prefer to have the shipping fee waived.

SYS:I see, well let me take a look at your account and see what I can do

SYS:I'll just need to gather some information from you first

SYS:may I ask your full name, username, email address, and the order ID

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:jbanter0@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:0449674676

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:And may I ask the current shipping status of your order?

USR:it says out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out for Delivery has been noted.

SYS:Okay, and since the order has already left our warehouses, the best I can do is to refund part of the shipping cost.  Our standard shipping charge is $8, so I can refund that to you now

USR:Ok. Thanks

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with while we're here?

USR:Nope. That's it.  Thanks

SYS:You're welcome.  Have a great day, Mr. Banter

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

USR:I have a question about my subscription. Can you help me?

SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Yes

SYS:Sure lets take a look.

USR:I was wondering if there are any consequences to being late on a subscription payment

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:I love the benefits of my subscription but I have lots of bills

ACT:System Action: search policy

USR:So I might be late on a payment

USR:Do you know what happens if I'm late?

SYS:Well we do have late fees when it comes subscription fees. It is $ per day past your due date.

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question4) was selected.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Gold

USR:How much is it per day?

SYS:SInce you are gold you do get a 5 day grace period.

SYS:Oh Im sorry. Its $2.00 a day

USR:Okay. So I keep my benefits for 5 days? Or do I not have to pay the late fees for 5 days?

SYS:You keep them during the grace period.

USR:Okay

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:But the late fees begin immediately? Then after five days I lose my benefits? I just want to make sure I understand

SYS:YOu have a grace period of 5 days then are charged $2 per day late

USR:And when do I lose my benefits?

USR:Or do I keep them?

SYS:Yes because you no longer have an active subscription

USR:So I lose my benefits after five days?

SYS:Yes I have just answered that but you typed another question instead of waiting for the answer.

USR:ok i'm sorry

SYS:You have a 5 day grace period then it is $2 per day after that.

USR:I didn't mean to be confused

SYS:Its okay.

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that's it

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello!

SYS:How can I help you?

USR:the Calvin Klein Shirt I want is always out of stock

SYS:Ok, let me see what I can do to help

SYS:May I have your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Thanks, what I can do is let our purchasing department know about this issue so they can do a better job and hopefully it will be in stock soon!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:A reason of Calvin Klein Shirt  has been recorded.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:no thank you

SYS:you're welcome, sorry for that not being available but check back soon!

SYS:have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi there - I placed an order on your website last night

USR:I got a confirmation email saying the standard shipping would be $25

USR:I want to know if my order has shipped already

USR:because the shipping cost seems way higher than normal

SYS:Okay, I can look into this for you

SYS:Can I have yoru name, username, email address and order id please

USR:Yes, my name is Albert Sanders

USR:my username is alberts2 and my email is alberts2@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:Oh and my order ID is 3768517052

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Can you see the shipping status?

USR:It says In Transit

USR:I placed the order last night

SYS:Okay, I can cancel this order for you

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

USR:I still want the item

USR:Is it possible to get the shipping cost waived

USR:or at least reduced?

SYS:Sure I can refund the amout you were overcharged. Normal shipping is $8, so I can refund 17

USR:Okay, that works

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $17.00.

SYS:Okay that amount will be credited back, anything else I can do for you?

USR:No, that's all

USR:Thank you

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. What can I help you with today?

USR:Hi

USR: i am interested in this shirt by michael kors

USR:i want to know if there are any small left in stock

SYS:I can look that up for you. Can I get your name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:Thank you Mr. Banter. One moment please.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:I was able to find out that if the item is listed as empty on our website then it is indeed out of stock. However, we usually get refills the second week of each month.

SYS:If you back order the item it will be shipped to you at that time.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other2) was selected.

SYS:Did you need further information on the item?

USR:thats all

USR:thanks!

SYS:You are welcome. Have a good one.

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi. I'm really unhappy. I just signed up with you guys for your subscription and I see I was charged twice. My bank account is overdrawn now!

SYS:Oh sorry that you have this problem, let's check the matter.

SYS:would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:My name is Sanya Afzal.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:additional to this you would give me the order ID and account ID please

USR:Account ID: ODCXSLE9XD

USR:Order ID: 9236936940

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:everything in order, you will indicate your level of membership to verify

USR:I am a Silver member.

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:a question, have you currently paid that bill?

USR:Yes I paid it and then saw it was paid a second time.

SYS:I understand, and how much was the additional amount charged?

USR:It looks like $74 dollars.

SYS:alright, one moment

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

SYS:all set !

USR:Oh thank you so much.

SYS:a pleasure to help you

USR:That's all I needed today.

SYS:have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how can i help you

USR:Hello, I'm checking to see what's taking so long with my order

USR:Been on the look out for this and it's been 9 days already

SYS:are you waiting for it to arrive?

USR:I am

SYS:It sounds like it may be missing

SYS:I will try to help you with this.

SYS:Can i get a name

USR:What is the status on this order I didnt expect the wait

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Now i need to validate your purchase. I need your username, email and order id

USR:HOHWOJEA8N cm454712@email.com

USR:Username sb cm454712

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:I will be able to send a new order to you

SYS:It seems your old one was lost

SYS:Can i get your address.

USR:ok

USR:1209 Brushwick Dr  Brighton, NY 60550

USR:lost huh?

ACT:Order has been updated with 1209 Brushwick Dr Brighton, NY 60550.

SYS:What item did you order?

USR:I wonder how I would know that had I not checked today, not cool

SYS:I appologize. An expected order is suppose to take 7 days.

USR:The michael K jeans for $49

SYS:Anymore more is deemed lost.

ACT:A purchase of The michael K jeans was made.

SYS:Okay Your order should be sent out now.

SYS:Do you need anything else?

USR:I hope so

USR:No thats it

SYS:Okay have a great day!

USR:likewise

<|endoftext|>SYS:how can I help you?

USR:I'm thinking about buying the Tommy_Hilfiger shirt.    It would look great on my son but he's not very good clothes requiring special attention.   What are the cleaning instructions?

SYS:let me check that for you!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how2) was selected.

SYS:Oh, good news! You can throw it in the machine with everything else

SYS:It is recommended that you use color guard if you add bleach though

SYS:and to use the permanent press setting on the dryer

SYS:is that helpful?

USR:Oh I doubt he even owns bleach.   Most of his clothes require permanent press setting.   I hope he uses it!

SYS:I know what you mean, my son is the same! sigh..

SYS:is there anything else today?

USR:Not today.  Thank you!

SYS:give your son an extra hug if he does his own laundry!

SYS:have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. My name is Danny. How may I help you?

USR:I want to know if a jacket is warm enough to wear in windy conditions

SYS:Sure, no problem.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:Yes, our jacket is in fact wind-proof and will prevent wind from hitting the covered parts of your body. It is lined with material that insulates your body from the cold.

USR:it is a tommy hilfiger jacket that costs 69

USR:what is the temperature range for this jacket

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:It does not say.

USR:i was thinking of going flyfishing or even for a light hike but i needed to know what types of weather this is appropriate for

USR:is this jacket waterproof

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:It is appropriate for cold temperatures. I'm not sure if it's waterproof.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon. My name is Anne, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I was wanting to change the shipping to be delivered next week, that way I won't have to pay any fees for the later date please.

SYS:I can definitely help you with that. May I get you name and account number?

USR:Yes, it's Albert Sanders and PDR6K4IJSK

SYS:Thank you Mr. Sander, give me a moment to pull up your info.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for .

ACT:Shipping status of  has been noted.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Do you have the order number for your transaction?

USR:5788887528

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with .

SYS:So, would you like the order to be changed to exactly one week later? Or do you have specific date in mind?

USR:As early as possible, that still allows me to get the shipping fee waived.

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

ACT:Order has been updated with .

SYS:Ok, you are all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, thank you.

SYS:You are welcome. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how can i help you

USR:What is cost of overnight shipping?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:I will happily help you with that question.

SYS:Overnight shipping is based on weight. Under 5 lbs is 39.99 under 10 lbs is 54.99 and over 10 lbs is 69,99

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question3) was selected.

SYS:Do you need any more help.

USR:no

SYS:have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I just want to make sure the premium subscription is still on my account.  i am not seeing the information when I log in

SYS:Sure, I can look into that for you. Can I have your full name, account ID, and order ID, please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:Account id: 172564525

USR:Order IS: 92546254

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:It looks like your subscription status is inactive. It would be $49 to reactivate it. Would you like to go ahead and pay that today?

USR:Yes please

SYS:Okay, no problem. I can use the credit card on the account. Is that good?

USR:That will work

ACT:Details of $49 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, your credit card has been charged and your subscription is now active! Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that is all.  Thank you!

SYS:You're very welcome! have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I recently moved and need to update my shipping address.

SYS:ok, I can help with that.

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:David Williams, YWHBVAUR0I

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Can I have the current address on the account

USR:7070 Circle Drive  La Fayette, TX 28

ACT:A reason of 7070 Circle Drive La Fayette, TX 28 has been recorded.

SYS:I will need a few items of info to verify your identity

USR:Sure

SYS:Do you have your Zipcode, telephone and email

USR:(721) 298-4575, dw980857@email.com

SYS:I can also use your Order ID, password, PIN or username. I just need 3

USR:Username dw980857 and my last order was 4336487104

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:thx one moment

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:ok, and what's the new address?

USR:8080 Square Drive, La Fayette, TX 28

ACT:Account has been updated with 8080 Square Drive, La Fayette, TX 28.

SYS:Ok your account has been updated with the new address and should show on your screen when you log in

USR:Perfect, thanks!

SYS:You are welcome! Can I help with anything else?

USR:That's it, thank you.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I have a premium subscription shopping service. My husband said that I might have some missing credits worth $40. Could you check the status of my account?

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:thanks Crystal.

USR:The credits came from a promotional package I bought.

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience caused.

SYS:I am now checking the system, just a second.

ACT:A reason of promotional package has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:There may be a problem in your interface. Can you try logging out and logging back in again?

USR:Yes, I tried that, and it didn't work.

SYS:I can see your credit shows up on my side.

USR:Do you know when I will see it?

SYS:It will show up tomorrow. Check the status tomorrow, Crystal.

USR:OK. Will do. Thanks for your help.

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No, that is all. Thank you.

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:I have an issue with my order and I need help

SYS:Sure I can assist you. Can I get your name please?

USR:My order is really important to me

USR:I'm Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Thank you, Albert. What seems to be the issue with your order?

USR:So

USR:I feel silly about this

USR:But I want to check the status of my order

USR:But I can't get into my account

USR:I am so forgetful

USR:(I'm getting older you know)

USR:And I can't remember my username

SYS:No problem at all!

SYS:I can help you to recover your username.

USR:Okay great

SYS:Can I get your zip code, phone number, and email address?

USR:yes

USR:My zip code is 56561

USR:My phone number is (156) 740-3640

USR:At least I still remember those lol

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Haha! Alright, Albert, now that you are verified I can get you that username.

USR:Great

SYS:Your username is asanders1.

USR:Oh great

USR:I remember now

USR:of course

USR:I will try to log in right now

SYS:No problem. Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Oh I'm so happy

USR:I just logged in

SYS:Great! I'm glad it worked!

USR:Now I can check my order

USR:I don't need help with anything else

USR:Thanks for your assistance!

SYS:Thank you for your time. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Hi! So I am considering buying some things but I just had a brief question about the premium membership?

SYS:Sure! What can I answer

USR:So if i were to purchase the premium membership, how long does it last once I am part of it?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question4) was selected.

SYS:Your membership last for the remaining or this calendar year and next full calendar year.

USR:oh wow! that is great! thank you so much!

SYS:You're Welcome! Can I answer anything else today?

USR:No, that's it! Thanks!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:I returned an item but have not received the credit?

SYS:I'm sorry if your refund has been delayed. Could you provide me your name and account ID please?

USR:Joyce Wu my order ID is 1746468984

USR:Don't have an account ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thanks okay. I was able to find your account.

SYS:So I can locate the correct order, could you give me your email address and user name as well?

USR: jwu94456@email.com, jwu94456

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Your online refund is in progress and will be applied to the credit card you used when placing the order.

USR:Ok, so I will just keep an eye on my account.  Thanks.

SYS:You're welcome. It typically takes 3-7 business days for the refund to be applied. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that should do it, thank you.

SYS:You're welcome and enjoy the rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:I am trying to log into my account and have forgotten my passworkd

USR:password

SYS:Sure I can help with that

SYS:Can I have your name

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Can I have your username

USR:chloezhang

SYS:And then do you have your security answer or pin

ACT:Details of chloezhang have been entered.

USR:My pin is 786071

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Your new password is ojle3y9gq18

USR:Thank you!

SYS:you're welcome

SYS:can i help with anything else today

USR:No that is all

SYS:great have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello,, how may I help you?

USR:Yes.    There is a fee I wasn't expecting for my order.   I'm on a budget so I want to make sure it is correct.

SYS:I can help you look into this. Could I get your full name please?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thanks, Joyce. The fee seemed random, right? You weren't charged twice for something?

USR:No.    It does not match the price of any item.

SYS:Okay, could I also have your account and order ID, please?

USR:Not sure if first character is an 0 or and O, but I think it is 0329256339.

SYS:Thank you, and do you have an account ID?

USR:Yes.   It is PT8VCVDWUO

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Wonderful, let me just find that fee here.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Hmm, what is your membership level?

USR:I believe it is gold.

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Well, I'll go ahead remove that fee for you right now. Could you just confirm the amount for me?

USR:$7.50

ACT:Order has been updated with 7.5.

SYS:The fee should be removed from your account. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I'm all set for now.

SYS:Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello

SYS:How can I help you?

USR:I want to manage my shipping details since my situation has changed

SYS:Sure, let me help you with that.

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Sanya Afzal account id is K6G1YDRLUJ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And what would you like to update on your shipment.

USR:Cancel the order

SYS:Sure

SYS:I need your username, email address, and order id.

USR:sanyaafzal954 sanyaafzal954@email.com order is 2237123995

SYS:And could you tell me the status of your order.

USR:in transit

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with 2237123995.

ACT:Order has been updated with Cancel Order.

SYS:I have canceled the order.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with.

USR:thank you for cancelling the order i ordered the wrong item accidentally.

USR:that is all

SYS:That's fine

SYS:I hope you have good day

SYS:Goodbye

USR:good bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hi...I would like to kno the status of my refund for order id 1724713156

SYS:Sure, could i also get your full name username and Email adress please

USR:And then I would like to know if I order a coat and have that amount deducted from my refund.

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang

USR:chloezhang702@email.com

USR:chloezhang702 is my username

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay looks like it is progress and will be sent to your account where you could then use it for the coat you want to order

USR:Cool....thank you very much!

SYS:No problem, is there anything else i can help you with today?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I help you today?

USR:Credit card is invalid  on your site.

SYS:I'm sorry your having issues while placing your order.

SYS:Have you tried deleting all the payment info and re-entering it?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:i just tried it, didn't work.

SYS:Okay. Log out of your account and then back in and try again please.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:It just worked, thank you.

SYS:You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Great! I hope you enjoy the rest of your day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I was charged for an order that I never purchased

SYS:You are needing to dispute a purchase that was never made?

USR:Yes please

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Albert Sanders and my order is is 2264796943

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:In order to validate your purchase I will need your username and email.

USR:albertsanders151, albersanders51@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:The system says there is not an issue. May I have your membership level?

USR:guest

SYS:Unfortunately, since the system says there is no issue and you're a guest, there is nothing that can be done.

USR:I clearly have an order that I never placed

SYS:I am sorry, Mr. Sanders.

USR:How can we get to the bottom of this?

SYS:There is truly nothing that can be done.

USR:Ok well thank you

SYS:Will that be all?

USR:that is all

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:I'm looking at this jacket and have a few questions for you.

SYS:Sure, what questions do you have?

USR:I'm wondering if it's warm enough to wear in windy conditions?  I live in the windy city.

SYS:Let me find out for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:It's the Michael Kors jacket, if that helps, for $74

SYS:Yes our jackets are designed to be wind-proof.

SYS:It is lined with material to insulate against the cold.

USR:Oh perfect.  It's just what i was looking for!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:That's all. Thanks.

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, can you let me know if I have any credits on my account? I think I should, but I can't find them.

SYS:Sure, I can help. Could I get your full name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you, Chloe. Where were the credits from?

USR:a previous purchase I made

USR:it was a one time deal worth $40

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

SYS:Okay, let me look at your account here.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It does appear you are missing credit that is due to you. I can get you those funds now. Could you confirm the amount of credit missing?

USR:$40

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is a promo code for $40: P6SSR

USR:Amazing, thank you!

SYS:Sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:that was it

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hello, could you let me know if these calvin_klein jeans tend to shrink after washing

SYS:Of course! Glad to assist you with that. One moment, please.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other1) was selected.

SYS:Your jeans will not shrink when washed, as long as they are attended to properly. We recommend folding them inside-out to help preserve the color.

SYS:Additionally, using the cold water wash option is recommended. When drying, the preferred method is to hang or air dry, but a regular dryer can work as well with a lower heat setting.

USR:thank you very much!

SYS:You're very welcome!

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:that's all, have a great day

SYS:You too!

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I assist you?

USR:Hi, I want to know more about these Tommy Hilfiger boots.

SYS:Sure! What would you like to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:I want to know how to remove a paint stain from them, I'm a painter by profession.

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how1) was selected.

SYS:This is a simple process with several steps. First brush off the excess paint. You will need to use a coarse brush or toothbrush to get rid of the dried extra paint.

SYS:Next, brush on a soapy mixture to the paint. Scrape off the paint after it is softened, then rub it with a solution of detergent and water.

SYS:The final thing you need to do is put nail polish remover to the paint stain.

SYS:Does that help?

USR:Yes, thank you for the detailed answer. I'll buy these boots then.

SYS:Great! I know they'll be a good option for you. Is there anything else you need today?

USR:That's all, thank you again!

SYS:You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

SYS:Are you there?

USR:Yes i'm trying retrive my password, its seems like i forgot it and im trying yo view my shopping history

SYS:Sure give me one second and I can help you with that.

USR:ok

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please?

USR:Albert Sanders account id: W45e34

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Great. Now can I have your username please

USR:ASandesr345

ACT:Details of ASandesr345 have been entered.

SYS:I cannot retrieve your password, but I can make a new one for you

SYS:Can I have your pin number please

USR:okay that would work. Pin Number: 753400

SYS:Thank you!

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:your new password is f36xgrdngb

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:okay, let me see if i can log in right now...one second please

SYS:Of course!

USR:Yay, okay it working now, thank you so much for your help

SYS:You're welcome!

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:Yes i would like to learn more about an item because i was thinking about buying it

SYS:Ok, what item are you interested in?

USR:The Tommy Hilfiger Jacket

SYS:What would you like to know?

USR:I would like to know how do you detach the hood ? Is there a hidden zipper

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:The hood can be detached with five buttons on the collar that attach the hood to the rest of the jacket

SYS:No zipper

USR:okay thank you for answering my questions

SYS:Of course

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:that will be all

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:ok

USR:have a good day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello? Is anyone home?

SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello

USR:There seems to be a problem with my order. I need to check on the status because the payment method seems to be wrong.

USR:Can you do that for me?

SYS:Sure, I need your full name or account ID.

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang and my Account iD is QTMWHZKUKJ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you, may I have your order ID?

USR:Yeah, it's 7718306342

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Do you know what the shipping status of the order is?

USR:It says "Delivered"

ACT:Shipping status of Delivered has been noted.

SYS:It appears that your payment did go through. If you would like, we can change your payment method for future orders.

USR:What do you mean it didn't go through?

SYS:It did go through, your payment worked fine.

USR:So now it went through? What?

SYS:Yes, please read the initial statement closely.

USR:Ah yes, I read it wrong

USR:Sorry about that

SYS:No problem at all

USR:I want to make sure I use my debit card on all future orders

SYS:Sure, let me change that for you

ACT:Order has been updated with Debit Card.

USR:Okay

SYS:Done, is there anything else you need help with?

USR:No, thank you.

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I help you with today?

USR:It looks like i was given and charged for a premium subscription, but I don't want it.  can you refund the fee for me?

USR:i didn't sign up for it

SYS:Let me check on that for you, can I please have your name?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Thank you, can I also have your account ID and order ID number

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:I don't have either

SYS:No problem, how did you hear that you were charged for the subscription?

USR:I got an email

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I apologize, it looks like that was our mistake!

SYS:How much was the charge for?

USR:40

ACT:Account has been updated with remove service.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

USR:thanks!

SYS:Ok, I have refunded that amount for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:nope, that covers it! thanks!

SYS:You're welcome!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi!

SYS:How can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I recently placed an order for two items, but I didn't mean to actually order the second one. I was thinking about it, but I don't really want it.

SYS:ok, so you want to cancel one of the items?

USR:yes please

SYS:sure, I can help you with that, may I have your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:thank you, can I have your account ID and order ID please

USR:sure, my Account ID is A8K64GEUXR

USR:and my order ID is 1580061525

SYS:thank you

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Can you tell me the shipping status please?

USR:The order statement says "In Transit"

SYS:OK, great, I'm going to ask that you wait until you receive the order and then call us back at customer service to start the return process.

USR:OK, so I can't return the item until it's delivered, right?

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

SYS:that is correct

USR:OK, that is everything then. Thanks for your help!

SYS:you're welcome, stay healthy out there!

<|endoftext|>USR:I love my subscription and i want to keep it!

USR:Cna you please check my status and if i owe anything?

SYS:I'm glad you are happy with your subscription. Let me look in to this for you.

USR:my name is Albert Sanders

SYS:Thanks Albert!

ACT:Shipping status of Albert Sanders has been noted.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Just to clarify, you were wondering if you owed anything on your subscription?

SYS:Can I get your Account ID and Order ID to pull up the information?

USR:yeah

USR:Account ID: RVVONTTTUW

USR:Order ID: 3361196749

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:I see that the due date was yesterday. $55 is due.

SYS:Did you want to pay the bill today?

USR:yes please!

ACT:Details of $55 have been entered.

SYS:Did you want to put this on the credit card on file, or use another card?

USR:credit card on file plesae

ACT:Account has been updated with Renew subscription.

SYS:I have taken care of that for you Albert. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:thank yuo!

USR:nope

SYS:Thanks, you  have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi! I need to remove an item from my order

USR:I ordered the wrong size

SYS:ooh I see, not problem

SYS:could you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:you would indicate the status of your shipment

USR:Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS: in addition to this could you give me your order ID, email and username

USR:1932455006

USR:I do not have the other information

SYS:I can renew the username but sure you don't have your email?

USR:no

SYS:one moment please

SYS:let me check the option for you Miss Chloe

USR:ok

SYS:Excuse the delay, I am verifying the information. please wait

USR:ok

SYS:ok, would you give me your account ID

SYS:sorry the delay

USR:YIAFKGAV2L

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:ok, all in order now would you tell me your membership level please

USR:Guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:ok would you tell me the price of the shirt to make the refund

USR:84

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $84.

SYS:all set

SYS:sorry for the troubles

USR:its ok, thank you

SYS:a pleasure to help you

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello?

SYS:Hello

SYS:How may I assist you today?

USR:I wanted to confirm the shipping date of my order. I thought it would be tomorrow afternoon, but just got an email stating otherwise.

SYS:Did the email tell you that it would be at a different time, or on a different day?

USR:In two days

SYS:Okay, I will look into it.

SYS:What's your full name?

USR:Thanks

USR: Albert Sanders

SYS:Thanks Albert. Can I also have your account and order IDs?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:Account ID: TZEYHVFM7H

USR:Order ID: 1551126526

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:I've located your account.

USR:Great

SYS:In order to find your purchase, I will also need your username and email please.

USR:Username: as776935

USR:Email Address: as776935@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Got it.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like the email was incorrect, and you should still expect your shipment tomorrow afternoon.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Great, thank you! That is all

SYS:Awesome. Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello, I'm trying to return a product. It had a stain on it when I got it.

SYS:Sure, I can help with that. Could I get your name, please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thanks, David. I'll also need your Username, Email, and Order ID

USR:Username: dwilliams917

USR:dwilliams917@email.com

USR:Order ID: 2967364288

USR:It's too bad because I really liked this shirt

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Yes, I'm sorry for that. Could I know your membership level, please?

USR:I'm a gold member

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Okay, we'll get this returned right away for you. I'll need your address.

USR:Okay great, my address is 0510 2nd Ave,  La Fayette, MI 47170

ACT:Details of 0510 2nd Ave, La Fayette, MI 47170 have been entered.

SYS:Would you like the send the return by mail, in store, or at a drop-off location?

USR:By mail sounds best to me.

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Alright, you're all set. Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Nope that was it, thank you so much

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi, how can i help?

USR:Hello

USR:I have a kind of silly issue

SYS:my favorite kind!

SYS:what's up?

USR:I completely forgot my password! Now I can't get into my account

USR:Can you help?

SYS:oh that happens to all of us! What is your name please?

USR:I feel so silly forgetting the password. I've used it for years, but for some reason I can't remember it

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:stress can cause that

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:Yeah I am so stressed what with the virus and everything

SYS:i hope you & yours are healthy.

SYS:I also need your username

USR:Trying to be

USR:it's chloezhang123

ACT:Details of chloezhang123 have been entered.

SYS:Some people find it so hard to stay home. Not me!

USR:Yeah Netflix, snacks, relaxing

SYS:OK< I can reset your password if you can tell me your PIN

USR:It's the way to go!

USR:Sure. I remember that! It's 589857

SYS:you can say that again!

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Here you are - ovo96g82j7h

USR:Cool. I will try that right now

SYS:I am sure you will be able to remember that!

USR:LOL

USR:I will have to change it

USR:Okay, so that worked. I'm back in my account

SYS:OK. stay safe (& sane!)

USR:You also!

SYS:great is there anything else?

USR:no, that's it

SYS:trying...

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting AcmeBrands! What can I do for you today?

USR:Hi there I am windering when the annual sale will be ending?

SYS:Let me check for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question3) was selected.

SYS:The annual sale ended on January 31, actually. If you missed this year's, though, we will update you on the next one if you sign up for our newsletter.

SYS:For now, though, can I help you with anything else?

USR:I am looking to buy a birthday present and the item I wanted was on sale. Is there any way to extend the discount?

SYS:Let me see if I can get you a promo code.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:That would be great!

SYS:Good news! I was able to create one for you. This should get you a discount:

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:ZVP6U

SYS:For now, can I help you with anything else?

USR:That is so helpful! I'll go buy it right now.

USR:That's everything, thanks.

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thank you for reaching out today.  How may I help you today?

USR:My order is scheduled to ship but I am hoping to delay it until next week to avoid the shipping fee

SYS:I can look into that for you.

SYS:Can I start with your full name

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you Mr. Williams, I have pulled up your account and will just need to verify some additional information

SYS:Can I have your Account ID and Order ID?

USR:Account ID: PF0WB6X3ND

USR:Order ID: 9634526869

SYS:Thank you! Give me a moment to look into this for you

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Order has been updated with change time.

SYS:I appreciate your patiences, I was able to update your order.

USR:ok thank you so much

SYS:You

SYS:You're Welcome.  Is there anything else I can assist with today?

USR:no thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:I'm just wondering what the status is of my subscription I just want to make sure I don't lose it cuz I thought the fee was due yesterday or today or something. I'm not sure.

SYS:I can look into this, can you provide your full name or account ID?

USR:My name is Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:OK, can you provide your account ID and order ID?

USR:Sure, my account ID is VSP7IKS5PL

USR:I order ID is 6804378629

SYS:And your order ID?

SYS:Got it, one moment.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your account is inactive, as you owe $55 today.

SYS:Would you like to pay the bill today to reactive?

USR:Yes please

ACT:Details of 55 have been entered.

SYS:This has been done now.

SYS:I will send you a link shortly that will allow you to check the status of your subscription at your convenience.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:You will need your username to use the link I sent, do you have that?

USR:Okay thank you very much

USR:Yes I have it

SYS:Great, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No that's all I need right now

SYS:Thank you,have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I would like to know what's happening

SYS:ok

USR:Lot's of the items are showing out of stock

SYS:We just had a huge sale and lots of items were sold. We are getting ready for the new season items.

SYS:I will be sure to let the purchasing department know though.

USR:Oh, that's understandable

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:May I have your name?

USR:When would a restock be done?

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:We are always placing new orders. I would check back next week.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:ok

USR:thanks

USR:that's all

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Umm yeah, your company is trying to scam me

SYS:Sorry to hear that. May I have your  name please?

USR:I was just checking my email and saw that the subscription plan was added to my account, but I never authorized that.

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:got it. Give me a second.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:To verify your identity, I also need your account id and order id please.

USR:I haven't placed an order so I don't have that

SYS:Okay, let me check your status first.

SYS:Did the email mention your membership level?

SYS:and anything else?

USR:It said Gold

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

SYS:got it.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Your Gold membership has been earned from $2000 of purchases.

SYS:and no extra fee is charged to you.

USR:But i was charged $40 for this subscription thing

SYS:this fee is for standard subscription fee.

USR:right, i never bought that

SYS:Do you  remember your subscription fee amount and when you have paid it?

USR:I never signed up for a subscription

USR:that is the problem

USR:please refund it

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:give me a second.

SYS:Can you give me your username, email address and order id please?

USR:i didnt ordr anytging

SYS:okay.

ACT:Membership level of gold has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I will do the refund for you.

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:Your refund has been credited to your account.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

SYS:is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No, that is it

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I do for you?

USR:I am getting really frustrated with your site. The items I like always seem to be out of stock.

SYS:I am sorry about that.

SYS:What items were you looking at?\

USR:There are some Tommy Hilfiger jeans for $84 that are nice, but it's happened with other things too

USR:It's kind of like your pulling a bait and switch - why have the items on the site if they are not available?

SYS:I am sorry you feel this way. I can write up a report to our internal team.

ACT:The Purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:I assure you this is a just a popular item and people buy it up.

USR:I understand it's popular but it seems like a waste of the money I pay for a membership if there aren't enough of the popular items to fill customer orders

SYS:I am sorry, there is nothing I can do about this particular situation. I can offer you a discount code for a future purcahse.

USR:Well, I guess that would work. And I really would like for you to pass along my complaints to someone who might be able to do something about it.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:It has already been reported, hopefully you will see more items in stock. Here is your promo code for 20% off  EXCOY

SYS:Can I do anything else for you?

USR:I suppose not, thanks for the discount - hopefully I'll find something to use it on

SYS:Okay, sorry about that have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I help you?

USR:Hi, yes can you tell more about this Michael Kors Shirt that I am interested in? What is the fabric content?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:We make it out of 100 natural fibers like cotton, linen, wool or a blend.

SYS:Pure cotton is our most popular, to check the label on the collar should tell you before you buy.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other4) was selected.

USR:What are the washing instructions for it?

SYS:You can throw it in the washer like normal. Although we'd like you to use color-guard.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how2) was selected.

USR:Thank you. That's all I needed to know.

SYS:Then have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi there, I am looking at buying a pair of boots and wondering if they come with warranty?

SYS:Please give me one moment to look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other4) was selected.

SYS:Yes, our boots come with a 12 month warranty for defects in material and workmanship.

SYS:However, we do not guarantee against normal wear and tear.

USR:Okay, perfect. Thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is everything today.

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:I made a mistake on an order and want to see if I can remove an item.  I didn't mean to buy it, I was just looking at it.

SYS:Alright I'll try to look into that for you. Can I have your first and last name please.

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you Rodriguez, I was able to pull up your account. One moment please

SYS:Was there anything that tipped you off to accidentally ordering the extra item? or did you just happen to check your order?

USR:I just happened to check it.

SYS:Alright, could you provide me with your Account ID and order ID so I can pull up the order?  I'll also need your username and email address to verify it.

USR:Account ID: EFUAHXBXLC

USR:Order ID: 7235632441

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:I don't have my username or email available right now

SYS:Great I was able to pull up the order.

SYS:Alright let me see what I can do

SYS:let me check with the system to see if the order was actually incorrect.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Alright, it looks like that Item didn't actually make it into your order. There might have been a glitch with the information being desplayed. Don't worry you weren't charged for it.

USR:Ok, thanks.  That's all I needed today

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with?

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thanks for being a valuable customer. How many I help you?

SYS:may*

USR:I am trying to check the status of my order but I have forgotten what my username is, can you help me retrieve that?

SYS:Absolutely, I can help with both of those.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thanks Mr Banter. Now can I have your any two of your zip code, phone number, or email address?

USR:jb183443@email.com

USR:(431) 308-2501

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great! I have confirmed that your username is jbanter1.

SYS:You said you needed to check on your shipping status?

USR:thats correct

SYS:Do you have your Order ID?

USR:292831922873

SYS:Thank you. One moment

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Did you have a specific issue in mind with the shipping?

USR:I was just trying to see when it would arrive.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:I see. One moment please

USR:sure thing

SYS:I am having a problem pulling up your order with your user name, but I am working on it. One moment

USR:alright

ACT:Shipping status of  has been noted.

ACT:Shipping status of 292831922873 has been noted.

SYS:Can you tell me how long you've been waiting for your item?

USR:i ordered it about a week ago

ACT:A reason of one week has been recorded.

SYS:If it's less than a week it should still be coming and I'd advise waiting another day or two. If it's been more than a week I can go ahead and ship you a new product.

USR:Oh alright, when i checked my calendar its been 6 days. I guess i will give it another day or two

SYS:Great. Please come back in a couple more days if you haven't received it and we will ship you a new product.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No that was it

SYS:Great! Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hey, Im Donny. How can I help you today?

USR:Hi Donny, I'm Joyce Wu. I was hoping to upgrade to overnight delivery. I'm just so excited to get my order.

SYS:Absolutely. Let me check that out for you.

SYS:Could I get your account ID and Order ID please?

USR:Account ID: 37KDFEV3R0 and Order ID: 5251358849

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thanks Joyce

SYS:One moment while I validate a few things

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:And have you recieved an update on your order yet?

USR:My shipping status is just saying order received at this point.

SYS:Awesome!

SYS:And what is your membership level?

USR:Just Guest at this time.

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Alright. Is it okay to charge your credit card $20 to upgrade your shipping?

USR:Oh for sure! My dog just got back from being shaved at the groomer and I thought this shirt would be perfect to keem him warm since it snowed again. So I need it ASAP. I'd pay anything for Mr. Scruffy.

ACT:Order has been updated with Tomorrow.

SYS:I completely understand. I would also do anything for my dog :)

SYS:Your order has been updated and should be shipped to you tomorrow

USR:That's all I needed today. Mr. Scruffy and I thank you!

SYS:And I thank you :) Hope you and Mr. Scruffy have a wonderful day. Enjoy the shirt!!

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I help you?

USR:Hello, I would like to check the status of my order as the delivery time is wrong and needs to be changed

SYS:Okay, can I please have your full name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:When do you need to change the delivery time to?

USR:To next friday

SYS:Can I have your account and order ID?

USR:GGJWAGJQCR, 5832078443

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay, it seems our system made an error.

SYS:I can change it for you now.

USR:please

ACT:Order has been updated with change time.

SYS:Okay, it's done. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is all thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, Thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:Hello, yes, I am expecting my shipment tomorrow, can you confirm it will be here?

SYS:Sure thing let me take a look into that for you.

USR:thank you

SYS:Could I have your first and last name please?

USR:The name is Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you Norman. I was able to pull up your account.

SYS:Could I also have your Account ID and order ID to look up the order?

USR:I received an email that shows a shipping date of three days from now

SYS:Great, thank you for providing that information. I was goign to ask about that shortly

USR:BKFTKTQYSZ, 3340757032

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Alright I got the order pulled up now I just need to validate it. Could oyu provide me with your Username and Email address?

USR:nbouchard149, nbouchard149@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Perfect, everything looks good. Let me check the order. One moment please.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:thank you

SYS:It looks like the email was correct and the order won't be shipping for 3 days. I can get that changed for you if you like.

USR:Would you be able to get it here sooner?

SYS:Of course, you said you were expecting it tomorrow correct?

USR:That is correct

SYS:Alright, I'll get the date changed so you'll receive your shipment tomorrow.

ACT:Order has been updated with change date.

USR:That would be great, thank you so much

SYS:No problem Norman. Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:No thank you, have a great day

SYS:You do the same!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, can I help you?

USR:Hi, my name's Alessandro Phoenix.  I have a premium subscription service with Acme

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix..

USR:I'm having a bit of trouble finding the account details, so I was hoping you could tell me how much I owe on the subscription

USR:(and I can pay it off right now)

SYS:Sure! Just need your account AND order ID, please.

USR:certainly, in that order, they are:

USR:BCJGZ56P4R

USR:7364623918

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Is due for 14 in three days, it is active now.

USR:ah, I see, that's 14 dollars due in three days?

SYS:Right.

USR:okay, is it possible to just charge that to the credit card on file?

SYS:It is, would you like to?

USR:Yes, that would be great

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew sub.

SYS:Discard refund statement. Your subscription has been renewed.

SYS:Anything else today?

USR:No, that's everything.  Thanks a lot

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello

USR:I got a promo code five days ago and for whatever reason it keeps coming up as invalid

SYS:Sorry about this

SYS:Give me your full name

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:I can see your details

USR:alright

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:silver

SYS:You qualify for a new code

SYS:I will generate another for you now

USR:thank you

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is you new promo code: 72XZA

SYS:Use this new code

USR:i appreciate the help that was all i needed

SYS:You are welcome

SYS:Would that be all for today?

USR:yes that was all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Hi! I need to take a look at my order status but apparently I forgot my password.

USR:Can you help please?

SYS:No problem! May I have your full name and username?

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:my username is albert567

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:May I have your email as well?

SYS:I will also need the answer to either your security question, or your pin number.

USR:alberts2020@gmail.com

USR:the answer is NewYork

ACT:Details of albert567 have been entered.

ACT:A password has been generated.

USR:I forgot my pin number, sorry

SYS:pi3j85ih0dr here is your temp password, no problem! I didn't need the pin if I had the security question answer.

SYS:Will there be anything else today?

USR:great. Thanks. that was easy

USR:That's all

SYS:Have a good day!

USR:have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:i am having problems getting the items i want  you always seem to be out of stock!

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Albert Sanders, do not have act id

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:That is fine

SYS:I am going to message the purchasing department so that they can look into this problem.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:I am sorry that you were having issues finding things in stock, but the department will look into it and fix it.

USR:why can't they keep things in stock? all i want is a pair of boots now but am looking for more!

SYS:They will look into the problem and will fix it so that we have more items in stock.

SYS:I can offer you a promo code to use when you come back and the items are back in stock.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:The following promo code can be used for all of our products, CW9LV

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:can you contact me via email when all boots from tommy hilifiger are available?

SYS:Sure, let me put a notification on your account.

SYS:Are the boots the only item unavailable or are there others

USR:what will the promo code for me?

SYS:CW9LV

USR:what will it do for me?

SYS:Give you a 20% discount on any item.

USR:yes just boots for now.

SYS:What is the brand of the boots?

USR:Tommy_Hilfiger

ACT:A reason of Tommy_Hilfiger Boots has been recorded.

SYS:Would you like to backorder the item?

USR:most certainly

ACT:A purchase of Tommy_Hilfiger Boots was made.

SYS:Your boots have been back ordered using the credit card on file.

SYS:As soon as it is back in stock we will ship it to you.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:is there a time expected for restocking?

SYS:Normally every month we restock, but since the purchasing department is looking into it, it could be sooner.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:i certainly hope so i need them soon for an important hike

SYS:Ok

USR:no we are done  thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:I want to check up on my order status online. However, I  cannot access my account because I lost the phone I use for two-factor authentication.

SYS:Oh no I'm sorry to hear that. I can help you reset your two-factor authentication.

USR:Okay

SYS:First I'll need your full name or account ID to pull up your account

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Thank you Alessandro. Now I need your email address or pin.

USR:Email Address: aphoenix737@email.com

ACT:Details of aphoenix737@email.com have been entered.

USR:I cant remember my PIN

SYS:No worries. I just needed on or the other.

SYS:I'm going to send a link to your email address to reset it.

USR:OKAY

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:And this link has some tips on good security practices.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No. That will be all

SYS:I hope you have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What can I help you with today?

USR:Hello, why the promo code isn't working. I applied it and it says it is invalid.

SYS:Let me check on that for you. Can I please have your name or account ID?

USR:My full name is Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you. Do you know the date of issue for the promo code?

USR:2 days ago

SYS:Ok, let me check one more thing please

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It looks like that was our fault, I apologize! I'll send you a new code, just one minute please

USR:Thank you.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is a new code for you: W8HX6

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nothing else

SYS:Ok, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Can you tell me the price of overnight shipping?

SYS:I'd be  happy to, could I get your name, please?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question3) was selected.

USR:Hi, are you there?  I am waiting a long time for a response

USR:it is not a hard question

SYS:Thanks, Rodriguez. Thecost depends on the weight of the package. 5 pounds or less costs $39.99. 10 pounds or less costs $54.99. Anything that weighs more costs $69.99. There is an extra fee of $10 for Alaska or Hawaii shipping.

USR:all right, thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can do?

<|endoftext|>USR:Good afternoon. I recently purchased Tommy Hilfiger boots (order ID 3585632408) in the amount of $59.00. I have sense found out that I grossly over paid and need to see if this was the correct price?

SYS:Sure. Let me check that for you.

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:Acct #L0MUHDT78F

SYS:Ok, I have pulled up your account, Norman.

SYS:Just to clarify, did you find a better price at a competitor. Is that what you want me to look into?

USR:Yes, it is way overpriced compared to the competition

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Ok. I confirmed that on our end. Let me just access another area of your account.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Ok. I have successfully validated that information.

SYS:Sometimes our prices go up and down. It is based on an algorithm due to seasonal demand.

USR:Ok, so it is not a set price?

SYS:No. The prices are set due to our algorithm. It can fluctuate from time to time.

USR:Can you price match to the competitors?

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:As a valued customer, we can help you with this order. Please accept Promo Code LPE5R

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with, Norman?

USR:That is fantastic. Thank you very much!

SYS:You're welcome, Norman. Anything else?

USR:no thanks you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I would like to get a refund on a Guess T-shirt i purchased

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:thanks Albert.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Can you let me know the reason for the return?

USR:I changed my mind. I just bought it so I'd like to get a refund before it ships

SYS:Got it.Can you please let me have your username, email address and Order ID to validate this purchase?

SYS:You just bought it today?

USR:Username is albertsanders068. Email is albertsanders068@email.com and Order ID is ZM7TEVNQD8

USR:yes it was purchased today.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Can you reconfirm the order ID please?

USR:3232101815

USR:sorry I accidently put my account ID

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:that is fine.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Silver

SYS:thanks. I can process the return for you.

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:I need your full address for printing out a shipping label for the return.

SYS:and how would you like to process your return?

USR:Albert Sanders, 0506 Primrose Ave  La Fayette, WA 1618

ACT:Details of 0506 Primrose Ave La Fayette, WA 1618 have been entered.

USR:please return to the paypal account that was used to purchase it

SYS:No problem. But I mean do you want to return by mail, in store or drop off center?

USR:mail is fine

SYS:Okay. You can go ahead to print the shipping label now and proceed with the return.

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

USR:great can you confirm the amount I will be refunded?

SYS:Sorry I don't have the amount, but you can be rest assured that the item cost will be refunded to your account, and it will be reflected in your account later today.

USR:Great thank you!

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No that was it

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>USR:HELP!!!!!!!

SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Are you one of those awful store that won't let me cancel an order right after it goes through but before it ships?

SYS:I assure you, we allow cancellations as long as the item isn't already being delivered.

SYS:If you will give me your full name, account Id, and order Id, we will see what can be done.

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:OrderID = 423615665

SYS:What is your account ID?

USR:I dont have that

SYS:One moment please.

SYS:Are you trying to cancel a current order or are you asking about our policy?

USR:i need to cancel

USR:I decided i cant afford it

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:One moment please.

USR:ok

SYS:Alright, do you know what your order status is?

USR:no, but i JUST placed it

SYS:Okay, I will need your username and email.

ACT:Shipping status of Order received  has been noted.

USR:sanyaa54

USR:sanyaa54@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Are you sure that is the correct order ID?

USR:order ID is 4233615665

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:There we go.

ACT:Order has been updated with cancel order .

SYS:Your order has been canceled.

SYS:Will that be all for today?

USR:yes

USR:thank you so much

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:Hi, can you tell me how much it costs to do gift wrapping? I waited until the last minute to order birthday presents, so I was hoping it could come pre-wrapped.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

USR:I'm such a bad husband...

SYS:It costs 4.99 per item, but it may depend if the item is oversized. You'll find out that an item is over-sized when you check it out.

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question1) was selected.

USR:At least I didn't forget her birthday, right?

USR:Okay. Would this Calvin Klein jacket be considered over-sized?

USR:It's kind of puffy.

SYS:It shouldn't be considered, but you'll have to check at checkout. I'm glad you didn't forget!

USR:Ok, I'll look at it then. It shouldn't be too bad though.

USR:Thanks for your help.

SYS:No problem, anything else today?

USR:That's all I needed. Have a good one now.

SYS:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I am trying to sign into my account but lost the phone to use for my two factor authentication :(

SYS:I can help you reset this. Could I have your name, please?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thanks, David. I also need the email of the account.

USR:dwilliams062@email.com

ACT:Details of dwilliams062@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Okay, I'm sending a link to reset the authorization now.

USR:Thank you!

SYS:You should also follow the guidelines in this link to be secure on the net.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:Nope that's all for today

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello Joyce Wu here

SYS:hello, how may i help you

USR:I want to issue a complain because of a charge on my billing statement

USR:this statement has not been reserved even though I have complete my return already

USR:this is really frustrating

SYS:if i understand correctly, you wish to check on the status of a refund for an item, which you have already returned to us?

USR:yes that is correct

SYS:i can help with that today

USR:thanks

SYS:let me pull up your account real quick

USR:ok

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:alright

SYS:i just need the following: username, email address, and order id, to pull up the refund claim

USR:ok no problem

USR:Email Address: joycew02@email.com

USR:Username: joycew02

USR:Order ID: 9978748057  Address: 9910 Brushwick Dr  San Lima, NY 17496

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:thank you

SYS:and how many days have you been waiting for the refund?

USR:about a day or two

ACT:A reason of two days has been recorded.

SYS:ok, and do you know your membership level?

USR:its bronze

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:i see

SYS:usually it can take up to 7 days for refunds to be fully processed

USR:Oh i see

USR:so I just have to wai t

USR:wait

SYS:since it has only been 2, i cannot do anything at this time. however, if 7 days pass and you still have not recieved the refund, please contact us so we can rectify the issue

USR:ok I will contact you if theres no change in 7 days

SYS:aside from that, is there any other way i can help you today?

USR:no that would be all

SYS:thank you and have a good one!

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:i'm still waiting on a charge on my account to be reversed.  i completed the return already

USR:any idea what's going on?

SYS:I can certainly look in to this for you.

SYS:Just to clarify, you returned an item and haven't received credit yet?

USR:yes

SYS:Can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Thanks Rodriguez. One moment while I pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:I just have to validate your order. Can I get your username, email address and Order ID?

USR:sure

USR:rd087143,  rd087143@email.com, 1948998602

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How long have you been waiting for the refund Rodriguez?

USR:a week

SYS:Has it been more than 7 days?

USR:tomorrow it will be more than 7

ACT:A reason of 6 days has been recorded.

SYS:It usually takes 7 days to show up. I'm sure you will see it tomorrow.

USR:alrighty

SYS:Please contact us if it does not come tomorrow. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that was it

SYS:Thanks and have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:when i try to add something to my cart, it doesn't get added

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:I am sorry about that

USR:no problem

SYS:Have you tried refreshing the page and adding the item again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just did and it didn't work

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience but can you please try logging in and out of your account?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:okay, trying now.

USR:nope, that didn't work

SYS:Is the item you are trying to add out of stock?

USR:I don't think so

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

SYS:Would you like me to make the purchase for you?

USR:sure

SYS:Can you please tell me your credit card number and the expiration date?

USR:I don't have it, it's okay I will try again later

SYS:I am sorry that you are having issues with the shopping cart. Please try again later.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no, thanks

SYS:Thank you. Have a good day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:I never received the item that I ordered. I have been waiting 5 days.

SYS:Do you think it was lost?

USR:I don't know. I just know I have never received it.

SYS:Okay, can i get your full name.

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Okay i found your account, crystal . I need to validate purchase now for that can i get your username, email and order id.

USR:crystalminh355

USR:crystalminh355@email.com

USR:0321046048

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Has your order been marked as delivered for shipping status?

USR:I don't see any shipping status.

ACT:A reason of 5 has been recorded.

SYS:Okay, Sometimes packages can be marked as delivered but can still take a couple days to arrive. It also may still be just in transit. Please try to wait for 7 days. If it has not arrived by then I will ship a new order out for you.

USR:Ok. Thanks

SYS:Do you need anymore help?

USR:No, that's all.

SYS:have a  great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today?

USR:Hi, i just signed up for a premium subscription and would like to know the subscription fee because i would like to keep my annual subscription active

SYS:Okay, could i have your full name or account ID please

USR:Name: Alessandro Phoenix | Account ID: 4HXZOZ03VJ

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay your subscription is currently active with a bill of $55 that is due today to keep it active.

USR:Okay can i go ahead and pay that while we are online noe

USR:now

SYS:Sure, could i have the card number that you would like to use to pay it please.

USR:Do i have a card that is on my account?

SYS:yes i could use that one

USR:Okay, yea lets use that one

ACT:Account has been updated with Pay Membership.

ACT:Account has been updated with Renew Subscription.

SYS:Okay it's done, is that all i can help you with today?

USR:Yes that is eveything, thank you for all your help today and have a great day

SYS:No problem and have a good day yourself.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I was looking at some Guess boots yesterday and went I went to try to buy them today, the price was higher than it was yesterday.

SYS:Sorry, I can look into that. Could I get your name, please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thanks, Joyce.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:I'll also need your Account and Order ID.

USR:KLWRA6FDPW  5405231028

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Our prices dynamically change based on an algorithm and there is generally nothing we can do.

USR:so you aren't able to offer me the price they were yesterday?

SYS:I can give you a promo code to bring the price down to that level.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:The promo code LGGTZ

USR:ok, i've made a note of that to apply it in the shopping cart.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:that is all i needed.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How may I be of assistance for you?

USR:Hi, I want to check the status of my account. I think I am missing some credits.

SYS:Sure. May I have your name please?

USR:My name is Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And what were the credits from?

USR:From the promotional package from a few weeks ago. I never got my credit.

ACT:A reason of promotional package has been recorded.

SYS:Oh Im sorry to hear that. Let me take a further look.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Sanya. I am seeing that the credit has been credited back to you. Sometimes the portal messes up.

SYS:Can you log out then back in. You should see it.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Do you see it?

USR:Okay i will try that. Thank you!

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:I'm not sure. I will give it a few days to see if it is just taking a while. No I think that is all, thank you!

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:Hi, could you give me the status of my subcription?

SYS:Absolutely. Can I get your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you, Rodriguez. Now what were you looking to know about your subscription?

USR:Really I just need to know when it expires and my next annual payment is due

SYS:Sure! Can I get your Account ID and Order ID please?

USR:account is O8VEXVGYSH and my order id is 4577126235

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you! Let me check on your status here.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Alright your subscription actually expires tomorrow, so you'll have to pay that tomorrow.

USR:Is there any way I can go ahead and pay that today?

SYS:In the future if you'd like to look this information up you can access it through your account at the following link:

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:And yes we can pay that. Do you have a credit card number?

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

USR:Sure

SYS:What is the credit card number?

USR:1234-5678-1234-5678

ACT:Details of 1234-5678-1234-5678 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Okay that has been updated. Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:I think that's all - thank you!

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there, how can I help you?

USR:Hello I would like to change a regular shipping speed to overnight

SYS:Sure, happy to help. Can I please start by getting your full name?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Great, thank you. Can I please have your account ID and order ID?

USR:Account ID: N1I4LYYDJV Order ID: 9796964524

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great. Now has the item already been shipped?

USR:Not yet, still in the cart

ACT:Shipping status of still in cart has been noted.

SYS:Got it. Are you a gold member?

USR:sadly no "Member Level: Guest"

ACT:Order has been updated with Change Date.

USR:Awesome

SYS:No worries! I will update this. To confirm, you would like overnight delivery for tomorrow?

USR:sounds good

ACT:Order has been updated with Delivery for tomorrow.

SYS:Great! Is there anything else I can help with?

USR:That's it...that was fast and easy. Thank you

SYS:No worries! Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands, how can I help today?

USR:IM NOT A HAPPY CAMPER

USR:my promo code that I just got isnt working

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that,let me see what I can do.

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you Crystal, how long have you had this promo code?

USR:2 days

SYS:Hmmm, seems like it should still be working, let me take a look at the system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It does look like this promo code may have already been redeemed.

SYS:Can I have your membership level?

USR:only a guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:I do apologize for the issue, but as far as I can tell the promo code has already been redeemed.

SYS:And for our guest members, I have no way of telling who used it or generating a replacment.

USR:ughhhh

USR:this stinks

USR:I knew Claire would use it first

SYS:I'm sorry about that, is there anything else I can help with?

USR:no

USR:ill go beat her

SYS:I didn't see that.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there!  How may I help you?

USR:Hi I'd like to know more about a product because you are thinking about buying it

SYS:Okay, great.  Which product were you wondering about?

USR:Product: jeans

USR:and the brand is Calvin Klein

SYS:Great.  Let me pull up the information.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:What, specifically, did you want to know?

USR:I  would like to know how much does it cost to get it tailored?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Sure, I will look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Stitching depends on how much text you would like to add.

SYS:It is 30 cents per character for the first 15 characters.

SYS:20 cents per character for the next 15 characters.

SYS:10 cents per character for any additional characters.

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

USR:ok thank you

SYS:Are you talking about tailoring or personalized stitching?

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:tailoring

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how4) was selected.

SYS:Oh, I'm so sorry.  I misread your response.

SYS:If you are a bronnze, silver, or gold member, then tailoring is free.

USR:Ok thanks

SYS:Are you a member or a guest?

USR:guest

SYS:Then tailoring is free if you have bought 3 or more pairs of jeans and have the receipts.

SYS:Otherwise, tailoring is $15 per pair with a free consultation.

SYS:Our jeans do run long, so we recommend getting them tailored.

SYS:Does that answer your question?

SYS:If you have any other questions, then feel free to reach out.  Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello! how can i help you today

USR:Hi...I read in an email that I was put on a premium subscription for 40$ but I did not ask for it. Can I be refunded?

SYS:Sure let me check

SYS:what is your name please

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:You heard about this in email, correct?

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

USR:yes

SYS:let me check our system

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:This was a scam email, if you check the sender, it isn't from the offical AcmeCorp marketing probably

USR:Oh no....I hope you don't have hackers attacking your systems! Thank you so much for the information

SYS:my pleasure!! havea. great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I'm so excited I just became a member!

SYS:Hello

USR:I want to pay the remaining balance on my subscription and activate it.

SYS:Ok

USR:Can you tell me how much is due?

SYS:Sure

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Could I have your account id and order id to verify your identity?

USR:Account ID: 4G2R3FIFAB

USR:Order ID: 9308785986

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:The amount due us $55

SYS:You can also look it up in your account with the following link

USR:Great! I'd like to pay that bill, please.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Sure

SYS:I will help you with that

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

ACT:Details of 55 have been entered.

SYS:Do you have a credit card that you want to use or do you want to use the one on the account?

USR:Just the one on the account, please.

SYS:Ok

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Your subscription has been paid.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Perfect! That's all I need help with today.

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:Hi, I have an issue with an order on my account.

USR:It says I bought a jacket but I'm almost positive I never did.

SYS:I am so sorry that is happening. Can I have your name please

USR:Sure its Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Can I also have your account id and order id

USR:Sure thing

USR:My order ID is 7105237800

USR:unfortunately I don;t have the account ID available.

USR:will my username work?

SYS:sure what is that

USR:asanders373

SYS:Thank you. Did you receive an email saying you ordered this item?

USR:I didn;t recieve an email about it but I'm checking my order history and I never bought the item

SYS:Ok. One moment please

USR:okay

SYS:Can I have your email address

USR:sure, its asanders373@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:I do see that an error was made.  I have credited your account to reflect the error

SYS:I do apologize for that

USR:Phew awesome, thank you. I knw something was wrong because it was a womens jacket

SYS:Do you have any other questions today?

USR:No thats it, thank you for your help!

SYS:You're Welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi I need some help

USR:I am trying to add a pair of boots to my cart but it is not letting me

USR:I am not sure how to proceed

USR:I am not computer savy lol so any suggestions that you can give me would be great.

SYS:Hello

SYS:I am sorry you have this problem

SYS:I will try and help you resolve this issue

USR:Thank you I appreciate the help

SYS:Give me your full name or account id

USR:my account number is 32415568

ACT:Account has been pulled up for 32415568.

SYS:Now I need you to follow this instructions one after the other and see if we can solve the issue

USR:ok

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Please refresh the page and add the item again

USR:I will go ahead and refresh the page and try adding them to my cart again.

USR:It did not work can you give me another solution to try

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Ok. Try to log out and log back in. Add the item again

USR:Ok I will try to log in and out again

USR:No it did not work. I just want to make sure that you have the right account. My name is David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Yes I do

USR:Ok just wanted to double check. Thank you

SYS:Please check if the item is out of stock. It would be listed on the both left hand side of the product page

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

USR:Ok I will double check.

USR:Yes the item is out of stock.

USR:That is why it would not add.

SYS:I am very sorry but as you can see the product is presently out of stock.

SYS:Keep an eye on the product page, you can place your order next time we restock the item.

SYS:Sorry for the inconvenience

USR:I will try to check back later to see if it is available.

USR:Thank you for all of your assistance. I hope you have a good day. Thank you

SYS:Would this be all for today?

<|endoftext|>USR:I would like to more about the shirt I am buying.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:I want to know if it has different stock size . Large size.

SYS:Okay, let me check.

SYS:It comes in a variety of sizes, but if it's not shown on the website for that size, it's currently out of stock. We get restocked the second week of every month.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other2) was selected.

USR:Aw. I will tell 1 more week then. The shirt is perfect on me.

USR:wait*

SYS:I hope you get it soon! Sorry about being out of stock.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No, Have a great day!

SYS:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:why is your website so slow. i can't get anything done!

SYS:Let me help you with that.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you tell me if you are having trouble with other websites or is it just AcmeBrands website

USR:it's just yours. it's impossible to view anyting

SYS:Ok

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you log out of your account and then log back in to see if is any faster.

USR:hmmm. i logged back in but it's still really bad

SYS:I am sorry that didn't work.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Are you running any other programs or do you any have any other tabs open on your browser?

USR:oh lemme check

SYS:If you do, can you please close them.

SYS:Sometimes they can cause a slowdown.

USR:oh that seems to have fixed things. i was running photoshop and illustrator!

SYS:They are very big programs,so I can see how they would cause a slowdown.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no, the website is working much better now. thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi!  How can I help you today?

USR:Hi, my name's Alessandro Phoenix.  I ordered a jacket, but I need to return it

USR:I'm afraid it's the wrong size

SYS:I see, how come?

SYS:Ah

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Can I please have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:sure

USR:alessandrophoenix555

USR:alessandrophoenix555@email.com

USR:5199420931

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:When was the purchase made?

SYS:Nevermind, I just need your membership level.

USR:December 28th

USR:Silver level

SYS:Great, you are eligible for a return.

SYS:What is your address?

USR:4694 Circle Drive  La Fayette, WA 97297

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

ACT:Details of 4694 Circle Drive La Fayette, WA 97297 have been entered.

SYS:How do you want to process the return?

SYS:By mail, in store, or at a drop off center/

SYS:?*

USR:Returning by mail would be best

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:You're all set!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:Excellent, thanks for your help

USR:That was everything

SYS:Great. You have a good day now!

USR:You too

SYS:I appreciate it.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:I can't access my account because i lost the phone i use for two factor authentication.

SYS:No problem, let's take care of that. May I have your full name?

USR: Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you. May I have your email address? I'll be sending you a reset code.

USR:safzal98@email.com

ACT:Details of safzal98@email.com have been entered.

SYS:You will receive your reset code shortly. I'm also sending you a link about security best practices so you can make sure you are being safe.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:ok, thank you!

USR:that will be all

SYS:Okay. Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello!

SYS:hi! how can i help you

USR:I'd like to change my shipping and delivery date

SYS:sure

SYS:do you want to make it sooner or later?

USR:later, i want to avoid paying the shipping fee

SYS:sure whats your name

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:What is your account id and order id

USR:Account ID: VSCIKPPDPW

USR:Order ID: 6571692896

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status please

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of Out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:the item has already shipped

SYS:what is your membership level?

USR:guest

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Because the item has already shipped and you are a guest, there is nothing else i can do

SYS:i'm sorry

USR:nothing at all?

SYS:no, i'm sorry

SYS:havea. good day

USR:ok thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hi,  I just have a general question

SYS:what is that?

USR:what are the policies regarding cancellations?  Are there steps that I need to take?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question3) was selected.

SYS:you may cancel at any time.

SYS:you will not be charged after that.

SYS:is that what  you wanted to know?

USR:Yes, that sounds great

SYS:you will continue to have full benefits for the remainder of the month

SYS:is there anything else?

USR:No, that was exactly what I wanted to know.  Thanks for your help

USR:and that's all for now

SYS:great. glad I could help bfn!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hey there! Can you help me with a product-related question?

SYS:Of course, I'm happy to help.

SYS:What's your question?

USR:Awesome! So I really dig the Tommy Hilfiger shirt, the one that's $79.

USR:But man, collared shirts bug the pants off me.

USR:Can you tell me, does the collar feel really tight on this one? Like, is it gonna feel like my neck is all squeezed?

SYS:Let me check that out for me, can I get your full name?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:Yeah, why not! I'm David Williams.

USR:And I'm married, so don't get any ideas. ;)

SYS:No ideas here David!

SYS:Our collars are made to be super comfortable. We do not have tight collars.

SYS:We even have designs with especially loose collars!

USR:Hell yeah, I won't have to skip neck day if I get this shirt then? Awesome.

SYS:You can do shrugs all day if you want.

USR:YES.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Done and sold. That's it for today!

SYS:Have a great day, David!

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how4) was selected.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I have previously returned a item and my billing statement is showing that the charge has not been reversed yet.

SYS:I can certainly help look into this for you.

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you Crystal.  To pull up your purchase can I have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:cminh079,  cminh079@email.com,  2810961499

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How many days have you been expecting your refund to be posted?

USR:Five days now

ACT:A reason of 5 has been recorded.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Unfortunately, I will not be able to be of immediate help with this issue.

SYS:Generally refunds are posted within 7 days.

USR:Ok so I need to wait a few more days

SYS:Check back after 7 days have passed and if your refund has not been posted then, please check back with us.

USR:Ok thanks

SYS:Correct.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thanks that is all

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting customer service! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I am seeking more information on a jacket I purchased.

SYS:Okay, what would you like to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:It seems there is a stain, would you know how i remove that?

SYS:Let me check for you!

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:Is it a wine stain?

USR:Yes, how did you know?

USR:LOL

SYS:It happens a lot, believe it or not. These are great cocktail party jackets.

SYS:I'll help you get that stain out, to the best of my ability.

SYS:Start with a wet cotton cloth, and dab it gently all over the stained area.

SYS:Afterwards, sprinkle salt on the area, and let it sit for 5+ minutes, so that it absorbs all of the excess water.

SYS:Then, pour some boiled water onto it, which will help flush out the stain.

SYS:Lastly, put the jacket in the laundry on the hottest setting of the washer to get rid of any residual marks.

SYS:To dry it, you can line dry it, or use a low-heat dryer.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:That's great information. Thank you so much.

USR:no that was all.

SYS:You're welcome!

SYS:Okay, have a wonderful rest of the day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help today?

USR:Good afternoon!

USR:I was actually wanting to know more about the return policy?

USR:I'm planning to buy stuff for a friend and not sure if they will like it or not.

SYS:I see, is it a specific item that you have a question about?

USR:No, not a specific item

SYS:Okay, let me look in to that for you.

USR:Okay thank you.

SYS:Could I get your name please?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question1) was selected.

SYS:Return policy is determined by membership level. Gold members can return items with no exceptions. Silver members must return within 6 months. It's 90 days for Bronze members. 30 days is the limit for all other members.

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:Ohh okay.

USR:No that would be all.

USR:Thank you for your help.

SYS:Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there, how can I help today?

USR:Hi, I can't access my account

USR:I forgot my username lol

SYS:Of course. Can I please start by getting your full name?

USR:Sure! Joyce Wu

SYS:Thank you! To recover your username name, can you please provide your address and phone number?

USR:joycewu90 for user name. Address is: 7140 2nd Ave Brigton TX 55717  Phone number is: (621)163-1643

USR:oops thought you meant name sorry lol

SYS:No worries! I have verified your information to recover your username.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that is all thank you!

SYS:Great, have a wonderful day.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Joyce Wu.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:hi

USR:i would like to kow when my promo code epxires because i am thinking of buying something

SYS:I can look in to that for  you. May I ask who I am speaking with?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question4) was selected.

SYS:Promo codes usually expire after 7 days. You should see the expiration date on the bottom of the paper.

SYS:Are you able to see the expiration date?

USR:Thank you, that's very helpful

USR:yep! i see it

SYS:No problem, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that's all thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there.  How may I help you?

USR:would like to view my shopping history but i can not since i no longer have access to my account since i lost my phone that i used for the two factor authentication. what can we do?

SYS:Oh no!  I can help you with that.  May I have your full name please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for .

SYS:I will need your email address.  I will be sending the code to this email address.

USR:aphoenix401@email.com

ACT:Details of aphoenix401@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Okay, the code has been sent.  I am also sending you a link about security practices so that your account is safe.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:You are very welcome.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:that is all

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello. I received an email confirmation for an order that I made. The email says I ordered 2 but I only ordered 1.

SYS:No problem, may I have your full name?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Next I also need your account id and order id, please.

USR:2EV1DTMONK is the Account ID. 0489597983 is the order ID

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Can you reconfirm your account id please?

USR:2EV1DTMONK

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Just a moment, please.

USR:If that doesn't work, you can try 2EV1DTM0NK

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

USR:zero instead of the alphabet "O"

SYS:Great, let me try.

USR:ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Sorry it is a company mistake. What is the shipping status?

USR:Order received

SYS:Okay, I can offer the refund. Your unwanted item has been removed from your order.

USR:Thank you

SYS:How much the cost of the item is meant to be returned?

USR:$49

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $49.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no. That will be all

SYS:Have a nice day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, How can I help you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I am calling about an item that I recently purchased

SYS:Okay, is there a problem with the item?

USR:no i do not like the color

SYS:Would you like to return the item?

USR:Yes

SYS:Can I get your username?

USR:jw126769

SYS:I'll also need your email address and the Order ID.

USR:jw126769@email.com

USR:5188460579

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, how would you like your refund?

USR:Cash please

SYS:I can credit it back to your credit card, if that's okay?

USR:ok

ACT:A reason of credit card has been recorded.

SYS:And can I get your account ID

SYS:Hi! Are you still there?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi!

USR:I have been trying to shop but every time I search for an item, there are no results being returned

USR:I do not understand what is happening and it is very frustrating

SYS:I'm sorry to hear about that, I will do my best to try to help.

USR:Thank you

SYS:There are several solutions that have worked for other customers that we can try going through. First, have you tried logging out of your account and back in?

USR:Yes I have. That did not help

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Have you tried clearing the cookies in your browser? You can clear them by going to Settings and then selecting "More Details".

USR:Let me try that

USR:It worked. Thank you

SYS:I'm glad to hear that! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That is all. Thank you

SYS:Great, have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Hi! i am interested in a pair of jeans and have a quick question

USR:IS there a larger size available for the michael kors jeans?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:Jeans are refilled at the beginning of every month. So whatever the biggest size is for them will be there at the start of the month. Check back then.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other3) was selected.

USR:thank you !

SYS:Was there anything else?

SYS:That you needed help with today?

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:i was trying to search for an item but every time there are 0 results being returned.

USR:I have no idea what is going on and it is very frustrating

SYS:Have you tried to log out and log back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:i have. But it hasn't helped

SYS:OK, have you tried clearing your cookies?

USR:Let me try and do that

USR:It worked. Thank you

SYS:Great, is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That is all. Thanks for your help

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I just signed up for a gold memnbership and I was hoping you could tell me the benefits

SYS:sure, thanks for being a gold member

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:All members are invited to the annual holiday extravaganza with open bar and free flights from anywhere in the US. Bronze members save on shipping fees and promo codes. Silver members get all the previous perks, can have agents make purchases on thei

SYS:Anything else you would like to know?

USR:that's it, thanks!

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello

USR:Can you please tell me the width of the collar fir a Guess shirt

SYS:Sure

SYS:Give me a moment

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how4) was selected.

SYS:Our shirts are designed for comfort and do not have tight collar. The standard collar size is 15 inches while smaller are 14 inches. Large are 16 inches

USR: Great, thank you very much

SYS:Is there any other thing you wish to know?

SYS:You are welcome

USR:No, that will be all.  Thanks.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I have some questions about a shirt on your site.

SYS:I would like to help you with that if I can. What would you like to know?

USR:I am looking at a Michael Kors shirt and I'd like to know the button color

SYS:Sure. I'll try to help you. Can I ask your name?

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:Hi Joseph. I'm going to try to answer this for you. Please give me a moment.

USR:sure

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other3) was selected.

SYS:The buttons are dark brown because our purchasing team has decided they are more stylish this season.

USR:Perfect. Thanks!

SYS:No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with Joseph?

USR:Nope.

SYS:Well then thank you for being a customer and have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi, i would like to check the status of my order

SYS:ok, i can help you with that!

SYS:what would you like to know about your order?

USR:i only ordered one item, but my email confirmation says i ordered two

SYS:ok, let's start by getting your name or account ID

USR:name is Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Hello Joseph, let me find that order as well

SYS:can i get your account ID and order ID?

USR:the order ID is 3036850123

USR:Account ID: QCJFRT3PTN

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:those all seemed to work

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:looking at the system, i can assure you that you were only charged for one item only and the email was wrong

USR:ok, that's a relief!

SYS:do you have anything else i can help with?

USR:that's it

SYS:great, have a wonderful day then!

USR:you too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi

USR:I have this subscription service and I was supposed to receive some credits worth $40 which I do not see

USR:I was hoping you could help me with it

SYS:OK. let me check.

SYS:What is your full name or account ID

USR: Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

USR:The credits came from a subscription refund

SYS:Thanks, I have pulled up your account. Thanks for that info.

ACT:A reason of subscription refund has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I checked our system and everything seems fine. The problem is on your end. One moment.

SYS:Please log out and log back in. You should see it then. Let me know.

USR:Oh okay

USR:Let me try

SYS:ok

USR:It worked. Thank you

SYS:You're very welcome. Anything else I can help with?

USR:thats all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I assist you today?

USR:My name i spelled wrong on my account

SYS:How is it spelled on the account, so I can pull it up?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:A reason of Joyce Wu has been recorded.

SYS:Can I have your zip code?

USR:85147

SYS:How about your username?

USR:jw657846

SYS:And your email?

SYS:If you don't have access to that I can take some other information.

USR:Ya know, I'm not sure about the email but my pin number is 294496

SYS:Okay, I can use that.

USR:Great

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:I've located your account.

SYS:How should your name be spelled on the account?

USR:Josie Wu

ACT:Account has been updated with Josie Wu.

SYS:Your account has been updated.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:That's all, have agood day!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:My credit keeps getting declined

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I'm buying something

SYS:Well let me see what I can do for you about that.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Can I ask what the expiration date on your card is?

USR:2021

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

SYS:Can I ask you to just try entering your card info again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Pk

USR:Didn't work

SYS:Okay, can I ask you to log out and log back in again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok

USR:It works

USR:Thank you

SYS:That's good to hear.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No thank you. That's it

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello there, I'm just curious how long a premium membership lasts?

SYS:Which level are you interested in?

USR:Premium

SYS:One moment please.

USR:Okay.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:A premium membership lasts the rest of the calendar year when you received it and then the next full calendar year.

USR:Okay sounds good thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Can you find out when I bought my membership so I can make sure it's not expired?

SYS:What is your customer id?

USR:ID:27654894

ACT:Account has been pulled up for 27654894.

SYS:What is your full name?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:What is the order id of your subscription?

USR:subscription ID:49856

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:It says the due date is yesterday.

SYS:You can check your subscription information yourself using this link.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Okay, I thought it might be close to expiring.

USR:Thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else?

USR:Nope, that should be it, thanks again.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How can I help you?

USR:Hi, i'm at check out trying ot use my promo code but it keeps coming back as invalid.

USR:Was there anything you could do to help me?

SYS:Oh no!  Let me check that for you.

SYS:May I have your name please?

USR:sure it's Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:When was the promo code issued?

USR:5 days ago

SYS:Okay, so it should still be valid.  I'm going to check the system to see what the error is.

USR:alright thank you.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:May I have your membership level, please?

USR:Gold

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:The error was on our end, so I do apologize.  Here is a new code:  ZQJSK

USR:Aweosme thank you so much

SYS:You're welcome.  Is there anything else I can do today?

USR:No thatll be it for me

SYS:Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:I think there is something wrong with my delivery time

SYS:Oh no! Lets look at that.

SYS:Can I have your name

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Can I have your account id and order id

USR:Account ID: EWWFLLYFPS

USR:Order ID: 9266847187

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

ACT:Order has been updated with evening.

SYS:I do see that we made an error.  I updated the time for you

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today

USR:oh great.

USR:no. that was all

USR:thank you.

SYS:You're Welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help?

USR:Hi! I was looking at purchasing an item but it is way overpriced on your site compared to the competition.

ACT:A reason of competition has been recorded.

USR:I was hoping there was something you can do about that

SYS:I see, may I have your full name, account ID and order ID to verify price?

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:Account ID: QUBN7YUQJM

USR:Order ID: 0424939929

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you, one second.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:I'm sorry, but according to our policies our algorithm is what decides the store's price and we cannot change it based on competition.

USR:isn't there something you can do?

SYS:There is nothing I can do to change the price in anyway.

SYS:However I can provide a promo code for your next purchase for the trouble.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:25PJR

USR:Thanks

USR:appreciate it

SYS:May I help you with anything else today?

USR:Thats all. Thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Search is loading forever on your website.

USR:I can't search my proffered product.

SYS:Hello, sorry for this. If I could get your name we can troubleshoot this.

USR:Albert

SYS:Thanks, ALbert. Could you try logging out of your account and back in?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just tried it, it didn't work.

SYS:Sorry, could you also try clear the cookies on your web browser to see if this fixes your search?

USR:wow, that worked. Thank you very much.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That's all for today!

SYS:Have a great day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:hi i was wondering about the status of my subscription because i am thinking about keeping it'

SYS:Okay. I'd be more than happy to look into that for you. Give me just one moment

USR:ok

SYS:Okay just so I understand correctly your currently looking into the status of your subscription? Are you looking to see if your most recent payment went through?

USR:yes i would like to keep it so i was wondering when my payment is due

SYS:Okay

SYS:I can help with that

USR:ok great

SYS:Can you confirm your full name and account ID for me?

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:WVMR17YTSM

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Can you also confirm the order ID for your subscription?

USR:0484224953

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay

SYS:It looks like your due date was yesterday

USR:ok great can i make a payment today

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay the amount due is $14

SYS:Can I use the card on file to make this payment?

USR:yes please

ACT:Details of 14 have been entered.

SYS:Okay

SYS:Your payment has been made

SYS:is there anything else I can for you today?

USR:nope thats it

SYS:Great have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, I have a question about my subscription.

SYS:What would you like to know?

USR:I would like to know the status and pay any remaining balance to activate the subscription

SYS:Okay, let me look that up for you? Can I have your full name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:And your account and order ID's?

USR:ZLHT16H39U, 9044552063

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, le t me pull your sub up.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:So it's currently inactive, and you owe $14.

SYS:Would you like to pay that now?

USR:Ok I would like to pay that

ACT:A purchase of  was made.

ACT:Details of $14 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, it's paid and I'm also going to send you a link to a place where you can look this up on your own in the future.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Ok great thank you

SYS:Do you have accesses to your username?

SYS:Sorry access

USR:yes I do

SYS:Then everything is sorted out

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thank you very much

USR:That is all

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:hi! I WANT TO CHECK the return policy again

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

USR:i want to shop so i want to knoe return policy

SYS:Hello, the policy depends on your membership level. What level are you?

USR:guest

USR:does that help?

SYS:Thank you. The membership policy for guests is that returns are allowed for purchases within the last 30 days.

USR:thank you!!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:nope that is al

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting us at AcmeBrands! What can I do for you today?

USR:Hello, I'd like to return an item please

SYS:No problem. What is the reason for the return?

USR:It has a stain

SYS:I'm sorry to hear. Let me take care of this for you. What is your name, please?

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:Thank you, Joyce. While I pull up your account, can you please tell me your username, email address, and order ID, so that I can validate your purchase?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

USR:Email Address: jwu95262@email.com

USR:jwu95262 is my username

USR:Order ID: 7396248490

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Got it, thank you!

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Thank you. And when was this purchase made?

USR:March 16, 2020

SYS:Got it, thank you. I can process this with no problem.

USR:That's awesome

SYS:What is your shipping address, please? I will create a return label.

USR:It's: 4244 Brushwick Dr  Newark, MI 29140

ACT:Details of 4244 Brushwick Dr Newark, MI 29140 have been entered.

SYS:Thank you. Would you like to do the return by mail, or in store/at a drop-off center?

USR:I can bring it into the store

ACT:Order has been updated with In Store.

SYS:Okay Joyce, you're all set! Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:That is everything, you are the best!

SYS:Thanks so much, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:The promo code doesn't work.

SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:When was the code issued? Typically they last only 7 days.

USR:It was 8 days ago

SYS:I'll check the system to see if I can help you out.

USR:Thank you! Now I know why.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Nope. Unfortunately it won't let me generate a new code for you. I'm sorry.

USR:It was my mistake. I took too long to apply.

SYS:Is there anything else you need help with?

USR:No.

SYS:Okay, have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you today?

USR:I would like to know more about a product, particular would like to know what material is this made of

SYS:ok I can help with that

USR:Okay

SYS:What item would you like to know more about?

USR:Product: jacket  Brand: Michael_Kors  Amount: $79

SYS:ok great

SYS:what would you like to know about it?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:just the material?

USR:yes just the material it is made of

SYS:Ok I can tell you about both the inside and the outside materials now

USR:Okay that will be great

SYS:The inside is lined with cotton for great insulation and to retain as much body heat as possible.

SYS:The outside is made of polyester, nylon and tricot.

SYS:These materials ensure that the jacket is wind proof!

SYS:it's great for cold weather and windy conditions

SYS:Does this help answer your question?

USR:yes that answered all my questions, thank you so much for all your help

SYS:Your very welcome. Contact us again if you need anything else!

SYS:Have a great day

USR:I wil, have a great day also

SYS:thank you

SYS:good bye

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hi. How can I help today?

USR:I want to know when the spring collection will be released. I'm really excited to buy some new items.

SYS:I can certainly check that for you. Can I get your name please?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu

SYS:Thanks Joyce. One minute while I get that date for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

SYS:Our Spring collection drops on April 3rd. And, Summer and Fall drop on July 3rd and October 3rd respectively.

SYS:Did you need any further information?

USR:No, thanks for the info. I'll be ready to buy on those days.

SYS:Wonderful. Goodbye.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I was calling today to change the address on my account

USR:The street number seems off my a number

SYS:No problem at all. Can I get your first name?

USR:*by

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Can I get your current street address?

USR:7034 Lexington Ave  Brighton, TX 75045

ACT:A reason of 7034 Lexington Ave has been recorded.

SYS:Now I just need to verify some info. Can I get your telephone number?

USR:I have a pin number. Would that work?

SYS:Yes.

USR: 308511

SYS:Do you have your username, password or email address?

USR:Username: chloezhang649

USR:chloezhang649@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Perfect.

SYS:What's the correct street address?

USR:7034 Lexington Ave  Brighton, TX 75045

ACT:Account has been updated with 7034 Lexington Ave.

USR:Its listed as 7035 Lexington Ave  Brighton, TX 75045 right now

USR:Thank you

ACT:A reason of 7035 Lexington Ave has been recorded.

SYS:Got it.

USR:Thats all. Thank you so much

SYS:The address has been updated. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I was calling because I was charged for the order even though I never bought anything

SYS:I'm sorry about that, let me look into this matter for you.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Could I get your name or account ID please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:I'll just need your username, email address and order ID please.

USR:sanyaafzal800

USR:sanyaafzal800@email.com

USR:Order ID: 6051607581

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Could I have your membership level with us please?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:I'm sorry, the system isn't showing any errors for this order. Unfortunately I can not help you regarding this issue.

SYS:Can I help with anything else though?

USR:No. thats all I needed to resolve today

SYS:Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Hello

SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:My sunscription was removed from my account but i still wanted it

USR:subscription

SYS:I see, may I have your full name, account ID and order ID to verify?

USR:Chloe Zhang, i do not have have my account and order ID

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Yes it says you have a bill of 55 due tomorrow. Would you like to pay it to active your subscription?

USR:Yes

SYS:May I use the card on file?

USR:yes you can

ACT:Details of 55 have been entered.

ACT:Account has been updated with 55.

SYS:It has been paid. Anything else for you today?

USR:That is everything

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, Thank you for contacting AcmeBrand. How may I help you?

USR:Hello, can I check on the shipping status of an order I made recently.

SYS:Sure thing. Was there something specific about the shipping you needed to know?

USR:I haven't received it yet. Is it on its way?

SYS:Alright, let's see if I can help with that.

SYS:Can i have your Full name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Great I was able to pull up the account. I need to confirm the purchase as well. Could I have your username, Email address and the order ID please?

USR:My username is jbanter7, email is jbanter7@email.com, and order id is 4260194269

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great everything looks good.

SYS:How long have you been waiting for your order?

USR:5 days

SYS:Thank you Joseph. While packages usually arrive in a few days it can take up to 7 days be fore they reach your doorstep. Please allow at least 2 more days for your shipment to arrive and if it still isnt there we will gladly send another one to you.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:No, thank for helping me.

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi! I was trying to access my account for some information but I am afraid I forgot my username

USR:I was hoping you could help me log in

SYS:Let me help you with that.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Could I have your zip code, phone number, and email address to verify your identity?

USR:92547

USR:I do not have my email address. I do have the phone number. Will that work?

SYS:yes

USR:(198) 398-2107

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:Your username is SAfzal1

SYS:You should be able to log in and access your account.

USR:Thank you so much

USR:Appreciate your help

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Thats all. Thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help you?

USR:Hi. I need to check the status of my order/

SYS:I can help with that

SYS:What do you want to know about your order?

USR:I have been waiting for 5 days and still have not received it. I need to check on the shipping status.

SYS:OK, one moment

SYS:Have you received an email about the status of your order?

USR:no

SYS:Ok, can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:I need to validate your purchase

SYS:Can I have your username please

USR:cz554202

SYS:Great, can I also have your email address and Order ID please?

USR:cz554202@email.com    7257480385

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:great. And it's been 5 days that you have been waiting correct?

USR:yes

ACT:A reason of 5 days has been recorded.

SYS:Just to let you know it can take up to 7 days for the item to arrive

USR:When was it shipped? Do you see any tracking info?

SYS:One moment

SYS:Do you have the Shipping Status?

USR:No, I haven't received anything about it.

SYS:Ok, that's good

SYS:It says it's out out for delivery and should be arriving by tomorrow.

USR:That's great.

SYS:Glad I can help

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp how may I help you?

USR:Hello, I would like to add this item to my existing order. Can you please help me?

SYS:I would happy to assist. May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Thanks. Account ID: UNVQVXPE3C

SYS:Thank you. In order verify identity may I have your full name and account ID?

SYS:I apologize your order ID.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for UNVQVXPE3C.

SYS:Once I have your full name and order ID I will be able to verify if I am able to add this item?

SYS:Hello, are you still there?

SYS:It appears we may have gotten disconnected. Please contact us again so we are able to verify the status of the order. If the order has not been shipped we should be able to add the item. Thank you for contacting Acme Corp.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello. I have an issue with your company

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that. I will do my best to resolve your issue.

USR:I love your company

SYS:Can you tell me more about the issue you are experiencing?

USR:And I want to be loyal to you

USR:But recently I noticed that your jeans are extremely overpriced

USR:I saw this pair of Guess jeans on another site for really cheap

USR:On your site they are so expensive

USR:Why are you charging so much more money?

SYS:I can certainly help you with that.

SYS:Can you please tell me your full name or account ID?

USR:Yes, I can

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Thank you. Can you also tell me your account ID and order ID please?

USR:My account is JGZ1WACMPA

USR:My order ID is 7260644673

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:I've looked into the price discrepancy and it seems that the other website was running a limited time sale. Our pricing algorithm usually tries to match the prices of our competitors but it's not always effective.

USR:Oh really?

USR:Well that's annoying

USR:Is there anyway you could match the sale for me?

SYS:As a one time courtesy, I can offer you a 10% discount code.

USR:Okay, well, that helps

USR:I would appreciate that

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Your 10% discount code is 1GZ4N

USR:Thank you

SYS:The code will expire in 7 days.

USR:I will use that

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, that's it

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I forgot my password.  my name is Snay Afzal

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Okay, can I have your username?

USR:Afzal3

ACT:Details of Afzal3 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, can I have your PIN number?

USR:204556

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Okay, I've made you a new password so you can get into your account and change it to whatever you want. Your new password is: ydaszw5owhs

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Thank you. that's all

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi how can i help you

USR:Hi I need some information in an other I placed the other da.

USR:Day

USR:Hi I will like to pay my subscription fee today

SYS:okay sure.

SYS:what is your account id

SYS:or full name

USR:John dees

ACT:Account has been pulled up for John dees.

SYS:What is your account id and order id?

USR:CGV4FA3XOD

SYS:What about your order id?

USR:6104788759

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:How much of your subscription do yuo want to pay?

USR:I want to pay it in full

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:OKay great, you have 55 due today.

USR:Great

SYS:Do you want to give me a credit card or use the one on the account?

USR:Use the same account

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

USR:Great

SYS:You're all set, do you need anything else?

USR:No thanks

USR:That's all.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hi, how are you doing?

USR:Not well, actually

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that, how can I help?

USR:I am dealing with a very upsetting issue on your site

USR:I received a wonderful promo code from you

USR:But when I tried to use it, I got a message saying that the code is invalid

USR:Can you help me?

SYS:I can definitely try to help! When was the code issued?

USR:Two days ago

SYS:Hmm, that should've worked then. What is your name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Thank you, let me get a new promo code for you! One moment please

USR:Oh, that would be wonderful

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:Thanks so much

SYS:Here is a new 20% off code: 48QI2

SYS:I apologize for the inconvience!

USR:Okay let me try that code

USR:One moment

USR:That code went through and I got my discount!

USR:Thank you so much!!!

SYS:Perfect!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, that was it

USR:Thanks for the new code

SYS:Ok, you have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:Hi Im trying to buy something but it wont get added to my cart

SYS:Can you please try refreshing the page and adding it again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:that didnt work. Anything else

SYS:Look at the bottom left side of the page, is the item indicated to be out of stock?

USR:No.

SYS:OK, now try logging out and back in again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok that worked.

SYS:Great, anything else today?

USR:Nope thats all

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp how may I help you?

USR:Hi I'm having a problem looking up stuff

USR:I'm trying to look for jeans but I get jackets

USR:Nothing is showing up right

SYS:Oh no, are you having a problem with the website or just the search option?

USR:search option

USR:I can look up my account no problem

SYS:First can you clear out your cookies on the internet?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:hold on

USR:no it didn't work

SYS:Can you try to search for another item?

USR:hold on

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:it's odd I'm not getting what I am searching

USR:now I got the jeans that I was looking for when I searched for boots

USR:so I did get what I want, just not in the way I wanted to

SYS:Lets try to log out and log out of your account to see if that works.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:If it does not I can notify I internal team.

USR:hold on

USR:hey that worked

USR:i can search normal now

SYS:Great, is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that's it

USR:thanks!

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, you have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I help you today?

USR:I need to purchase some things and I was wondering what would happen if I was late on a subscription payment?

SYS:Do you currently have an active subscription?

USR:Yes I do, I mean I wouldn't be asking if I didn't

SYS:Can I have your name and account ID please?

USR:I don't have my account ID but my name is Chloe Zhang

SYS:Thank you Chloe. Let me look into this for you. When does your subscription end?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:I think it ends soon

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:We do have late fees when your subscription payment is late. It is $2.00 per day past the deadline.

SYS:Do you know your member status level?

USR:I am a Gold member

USR:do I get a discount or something?

SYS:As a gold member you do get a grace period of five late days per month.

SYS:So the fee will not apply during that grace period.

USR:okay, I guess that is alright.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:that was all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I assist you?

USR:Hi I cannot access account, forgot my username

SYS:Not a problem! May I have your name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:thanks! Can I have your ZIP code and phone number please?

USR:4421 Primrose Ave  Brighton, WA 80777

USR:(294) 207-6057

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, I've got your username listed as NBouchard1

SYS:Was there anything else I could help with today?

USR:No thanks that's it

USR:I'm log in

SYS:you're welcome, have a great afternoon!!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, I'm Danny from ACME. How may I assist you today?

USR:I just need some information about a product.

SYS:Sure, that's no problem. What product are you interested in?

USR:I was hoping you might be able to check if there are any smaller sizes of Guess jeans?

SYS:Okay. What size are you looking for?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:I need a 27 waist, but the smallest I could find is 30.

SYS:It looks like we're out of stock of 27 waist Guess jeans. We'll receive more at the beginning of next month. Check the website again then.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other3) was selected.

SYS:Is there anything else you need help with?

USR:I will do that. Thanks, that's all I need.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello how can i help you?

USR:Hello, I would like upgrade to overnight delivery for the order I placed

SYS:sure

SYS:what is your name

SYS:also your account and order id

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:PTTOKPCGVR, 2370592857

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is your shipping stauts?

USR:Order receoved

ACT:Shipping status of Order received has been noted.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Good news! you get upgraded for free

ACT:Order has been updated with Tomorrow.

USR:That's great!

SYS:You're all set

USR:Thank you very much

SYS:have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:i need to change my primary payment method

SYS:OK I can help with that

SYS:Can I get your full name

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:can I get your zip code, phone number and email

USR:13540, 888-8888, albertsanders688@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great, now what was the OLD payment method

USR:debit

SYS:And now the NEW one

USR:visa

ACT:A reason of debit card has been recorded.

ACT:Account has been updated with credit card.

SYS:Great, you're all set

SYS:Anything else I can help you with?

USR:no, thank you

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you today?

USR:Hello

USR:So I signed for a premium membership program and I would like and extension because I dont have the money to pay for it now, is that possible?

SYS:Okay, I can look into that for you.  May I have your full name please?

USR:Thanks my name is Sanya Azfal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Azfal.

SYS:Thank you, Ms. Azfal.  May I have your Account ID and order ID?

USR:yes of course

USR:Account ID: H9EVJOF0GD

USR:Order ID: 35541228743

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:The system is having difficulty verifying your identity.

USR:Order ID: 3554122874

USR:sorry seems the ID I entered was wrong

USR:Account ID: H9EVJOF0GD

SYS:Thank you.  Can you please spell your first and last name again for me?

USR:sure its  Sanya Afzal

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great!  I've verified your identity.

SYS:Are you a Gold, Silver, or Bronze member?

USR:I am a Gold member

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay, our system indicates that you are actually a Silver member.

USR:Really?

USR:are you sure?

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:The system is going haywire right now.  It finally verified that you are a Gold member.  Sorry about that!

USR:Dont worry about it

USR:I understand

SYS:You can definitely get an extension.

ACT:Account has been updated with extend subscription.

USR:great

USR:lets do that then

USR:those are great news

SYS:I have extended it for you. I hope things get better for you.  Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that would be all

USR:thanks

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hey, can you update the phone number on my acct?

SYS:May I have your full name or your Account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:What is the previous phone number you wish to change?

SYS:Area code included please.

USR:it was 386-251-3371, but it should be 386-251-3372

ACT:A reason of 386-251-3371 has been recorded.

SYS:I need some additional information, can you provide me with three out of the following:

SYS:Zip Code, PIN number, username, password, email address, or a previous order ID?

USR:88318

USR:rodriguez026

USR:rodriguezd026@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you. I will update the correct number now.

ACT:Account has been updated with (386) 251-3372.

SYS:Ok, the new number is entered into our system.

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with?

USR:no that is it

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for choosing AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:I'm trying to add a jacket to the cart but it doesn't show.

SYS:I'll be glad to assist you with that!

SYS:To clarify: you're trying to add a jacket to your order, and you're running into an issue when you select "add to cart"?

USR:Yes. It won't update.

SYS:I'm so sorry for the inconvenience. Will you try refreshing the product page, and adding it again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:It's still not working.

SYS:No worries! Let's try something else ... would you please try logging out and logging back in to your account?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That worked! Thanks.

SYS:Wonderful! Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:Nope. Thanks again.

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I just have a very quick question

USR:when does the Spring collection arrive?

USR:(or is it already available?)

SYS:Let me check that for you!

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

SYS:The spring collection arrived on April 3rd, so it's already here!

USR:Oh, that's great.  Thanks

USR:I guess I'll just go and check that out then

SYS:Great! Anything else I can help with?

USR:No, that's all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi! My name is Sanya, and I have a question about a product on your site.

USR:It's about the Michael Kors boots.

USR:Hi! Is anyone there?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Hello, how can I help you with this item?

USR:I was wondering what material they are.

USR:They look like leather, but I can't tell.

USR:I live in Washington, and they need to stand up to the weather here!

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other2) was selected.

SYS:Hello, our boots are very high-end leather!

USR:Thanks so much! Do you know the source of the leather?

USR:For example, is it pig, cow, goat?

USR:And what type--full-grain, top grain, etc.

USR:Thank you so much for bearing with all my questions.

SYS:Hello, unfortunately I do not have any further information on the source or type of leather it is.

USR:Okay. Thank you!

SYS:However, our website should have further information about the particular product.

SYS:Sorry about the inconvenience, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That's okay. That's all I wanted to know. Thank you for your help.

SYS:No problem, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting us at AcmeBrands! How can I help?

USR:Hello. So I just got wonderful news today!

USR:I am about to be a grandmother! I am so happy

SYS:Congratulations!

USR:But in all the excitement, I forgot my password

USR:Now I can't get into my account and order my daughter a present to say congratulations to her

SYS:Understandable! Luckily, I can make a new one for you. What is your full name, ma'am?

USR:Can you help me?

SYS:Absolutely.

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:Or call me grandma :)

SYS:Thank you very much. What is your username?

USR:It's crystalminh238

ACT:Details of crystalminh238 have been entered.

USR:I really need to get into that account so I can check my other orders

SYS:Thank you, and last thing, do you have your PIN or security answer handy?

USR:and get my daughter a present

USR:My pin is 11421

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Okay, Grandma, I have created a new password: 1nbhdajwqb

USR:Oh good

SYS:You can change that to whatever you like after logging in with it.

USR:Let me try that

SYS:Can I help you with anything else now?

USR:Oh, this is great! I was just able to log in. I can see all of my orders now and make new orders as well

USR:Thanks so much!

USR:I don't need anything else

SYS:You're welcome. Have a great day, and congratulations again!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi. I was hoping you could tell me the status of my refund.

SYS:sure one moment

SYS:ok, would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:My name is Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:additional to this would you give me the order ID, username and email

SYS:please

USR:Order ID: 9457548523

USR:Username: aphoenix058

USR:Email Address: aphoenix058@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:everything in order, let me check how the return is currently

USR:Thank you!

SYS:ok, currently the refund is in progress and the payment method is being processed online.

USR:Oh perfect. I just wanted to make sure it was in progress!

SYS:not problem

SYS:a pleasure to help you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I'm thinking about buying some items, but I would like to know your refund policy before doing so.

SYS:Okay sure.

SYS:Anything specific you would like to know about it?

USR:Just the general policy

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Refunds are only available for items that have yet to be shipped.

SYS:They will be issued for any valid purchase with confirmed order ID, customer username, and customer email address. Please make sure that you have this information if requesting a refund.

SYS:Returns are a different issue, would you like to know about that?

USR:Okay.

SYS:The policy on returns depends on your membership level. Gold members are allowed unlimited returns. Silver members are allowed returns for purchases made in the last 6 months.

SYS:Bronze members are allowed returns for purchases made in the last 90 days. All other membrs are allowed returns for purchases made in the last 30 days.

SYS:DOes that answer all your questions?

USR:Okay, that sounds good. Thanks for the help.

SYS:Can I do anything else for you?

USR:No, that's all I needed to know.

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:how much does it cost to stitch a name on something?

SYS:Hello. How may I help you today?

SYS:Let me take a look for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

USR:Thanks. My name is Joseph Banter

USR:I'm tired of people stealing my pants, haha

SYS:It will depend on the number of characters. Its 30c for up to 15. Then it is 20c per charter for the next 15.

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

USR:Ok. that's a fair price.  Thanks so much

SYS:You are welcome. Anything else?

USR:That's all I needed

SYS:Great. Have a nice day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Hi, can you check the status of my refund?

USR:This is Joseph Banter

SYS:Thanks Joseph

SYS:I'll get right on that

USR:thank you!

SYS:No problem

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Can you confirm your username email address and order ID real quick?

USR:josephbanter539

USR:josephbanter539@email.com

USR:8461934024

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay Joseph

SYS:It looks like the refund processed a little bit ago

SYS:It is currently complete

SYS:It was initiated by phone

USR:ah okay, thank you!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, thanks!

SYS:All right. Well Thanks for reaching out and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you today?

USR:I like to upgrade to overnight shipping?

SYS:I can help you with that

USR:Thanks

SYS:just to clarify, you have already placed an order and want to speed up your shipping?

USR:No

SYS:Ok, what would you like to do?

USR:Upgrade my shipping to overnight

SYS:Ok great, can I have your full name or Account ID please?

SYS:Can I have your full name please?

USR:Joseph banter

USR:6O9RRYX0CE

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph banter.

SYS:I need to verify your identity. Can I have your Order ID please?

USR:1828527400

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Lastly, can you tell me the Shipping Status?

USR:In transit

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

SYS:Ok, the item is already out for delivery so you can't upgrade the shipping to overnight

SYS:However, it should arrive today or tomorrow which is good news

USR:Ok

USR:Thanks that's all I needed

SYS:Hope your package arrives today!

SYS:Have a great day

SYS:Good bye

USR:Thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme brand. May I have your name please?

USR:Yes, it's Norman Bouchard

SYS:Thank you Norman. How can I help you today?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:Okay so I really want these  Tommy Hilfger boots but they are almost 40 dollars more than your competitor? Can you tell me why that it?

SYS:Sure, Let me look into that for you,

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:These shoes are top of the line and we offer only the best product so that is why they are so expensive.

USR:But how can another company have the same shoes for 40 dollars less

SYS:Are you sure they are the exact same shoe?

SYS:Our products are exclusive to our store.

USR:They look similar...

USR:So can I get a discount so I will buy from you and not them.

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Let me check

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your account ID please?

USR:yes it is  ESK7WAOA41

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you Norman.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:I have a discount code I can share with you. It is UTR69

SYS:we hope you will still be a happy customer.

USR:Thank you I very much appreciate it!

SYS:THank you. Is there anything else I can do to help?

USR:no that is it.

SYS:have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:HELO

USR:HELP

USR:I'm locked out since I can't two factor authenticate

SYS:I can help you reset it.

SYS:What are your full name and email?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:I don't have my email though

SYS:Okay, I can use your PIN or the answer to your security question instead.

USR:Ahmed

USR:like Amhed Johnson from the Legion of Doom

ACT:Details of Ahmed have been entered.

SYS:Okay, we are sending a link to reset to the email on file.

SYS:I am also going to send a link for best practices regarding the security of your account.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:thank you for that

USR:no thats it

SYS:You're welcome.

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting Acme.  How may I help?

USR:Hello, I would like to check the status of my account as I read an email saying my subscription was removed but I do not want it removed

SYS:Okay, I can definitely check that out for you, and we can probably clear this up right away

SYS:May I just gather some information from you first, to verify the account details?

USR:Sure

SYS:May I ask your full name, or your account ID?

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:Thanks, Ms. Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:and it looks like that email was legitimate, a service was indeed removed from your account.  Very sorry about that, but since it was a problem on our end, I can reinstate that for you right away

USR:That would be great thank you

ACT:A reason of email has been recorded.

ACT:Account has been updated with add service.

SYS:Okay, that should be straightened out now.  If you check on your account page, you should see that everything is now active and up to date.

USR:Thanks so much

SYS:Again, sorry about that mix-up.  But is there anything else I can help with while we're here?

USR:That is all I needed

SYS:Excellent, have a great day, Ms. Minh

USR:you as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, thanks for contacting Acme. How can I help you?

USR:Hello. I'm thinking about buying these boots but I can't see the lace clearly.

USR:Is the lace color black or dark brown?

SYS:Ok, I'd be happy to help you out. Can I get your first name to better address you?

SYS:Hello?

SYS:Are you still there?

USR:My name is Rodriguez

USR:yes

SYS:Thanks Rodriguez.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Our boots come in dark brown and black, but 90% are black.

SYS:Some will lighten up a bit with wear.

USR:But what about the lace?

SYS:You can obtain more info on our website about particular models, such as lace color.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, thanks

SYS:Great, well then have a fantastic day!

USR:Thanks, you too.

SYS:Bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I wanted to check what all i've boughten from you but I can't get in

USR:unchecked the save username thingy and now I don't remember which one i use

SYS:Okay, so you need help recovering your username?

USR:I think so yes

SYS:Okay, I will need your full name.

USR:I'm sanya afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:I will need 2 of the following information items: zip code/phone number/email address

USR:sa568599@email.com

USR:la fayette 55650

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, looks like your username is safzal1

SYS:Is there anything else you need today?

USR:ok great was trying something completely different

USR:No thanks for helping me!

SYS:Glad we fixed the issue, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>USR:hi, i would like to change the address on my account

SYS:Sure! what is your name

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:What is your current address?

USR:Address: 5179 Circle Drive  Brighton, WA 67982

ACT:A reason of 5179 Circle Drive Brighton, WA 67982 has been recorded.

SYS:Cna i pleas ehave your email, user name, pin, zip code, phone number, or password for verification

SYS:i just need three of htem

USR:Email Address: josephbanter131@email.com | Username: josephbanter131 | Phone Number: (059) 269-7706

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Wahat is the new address?

USR:5179 Circle Drive  Brighton, WA 67982

ACT:Account has been updated with 5179 Circle Drive Brighton, WA 67982.

SYS:Do you need anything else?

USR:No, that is eveything

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:can i check the status of my order

SYS:Sure, can I start by getting your name please?

USR:looks like the payument method is wrong

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thanks, may I have your account ID and order ID please?

SYS:Sir?

USR:yes

USR:hiold on

USR:7366081153

USR:BNLFJ7LPTG

SYS:Thanks - can you tell me the shipping status of your order please?

USR:i was accessing the my account page sorry

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:no problem, I just need to know the shipping status

SYS:are you still there?

SYS:It looks like you may have become disconnected. Sorry I couldn't help you!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today, how may I help you?

USR:I recently ordered a pair of jeans and the shipping cost was much higher than I thought it was going to be.

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that, would you like to cancel the order?

USR:Yes, please

SYS:Sure thing, let me help you with that. First can I have your full name to pull up your account?

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you Chloe, next I'll need your Username, Email Address and the Order ID so I can validate the purchase please.

USR:username is chloez73, email is chloez7\3@email.com, and the order ID is 5109900391

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks so much, everything checks out there. Lastly Ill need to know the current shipping status.

USR:They have been delivered

ACT:Shipping status of Delivered has been noted.

SYS:Thank you, unfortunatly I cant outright cancel the item but as a valued customer I'll go ahead and refund your shipping cost.

USR:Oh, okay

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

SYS:A refund has been processed on the card on the account. If you would like you can return the item at a later day. Was there anything else I could help you with?

USR:No, thank you

SYS:Have a great day and thanks for shopping with us!

USR:thankd

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands, How may I help?

USR:Can I change my payment method for an order I already placed.

SYS:Let me check that for you.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:What is your current payment method?

USR:PayPal

ACT:A reason of PayPal has been recorded.

SYS:What is our username, zip code, and telephoe number?

USR:(004) 697-7682

USR:66510

USR:im not sure of the username

SYS:Ok. What is your email address?

USR:Sorry I'm not sure about that

SYS:What is your PIN then?

USR:I don't have it

SYS:What is your password?

USR:all I have is my account and order ID

SYS:The order ID will do. What is that?

USR:Order ID: 5839596439

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thanks.

SYS:How would you like to pay now?

USR:just use the credit card on file.

ACT:Account has been updated with credit card.

SYS:OK. I have made the change. Anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thank you! That's all for ow.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hi I have a question about my account

SYS:Sure, what is your question?

USR:I saw in my account this morning that a premium subscription has been added but I didn't want it. Can you help me remove it and refund the fee>

SYS:Let's find out what happened. May I have your full name?

USR: Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:What made you check your account this morning?

USR:I was thinking about buying a tommy hilfiger shirt and was just checking

SYS:Okay. Let me check my system to find out what happened.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Fortunately, there was just a mistake on your screen. You haven't been charged for anything.

SYS:Is there anything else you need?

USR:are you sure>

SYS:Yes, I'm positive.

USR:ok cool that helps thanks

USR:I'm going to take a look at that shirt now

SYS:Great idea! Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting AcmeBrands, how may I help?

USR:I would like to move my shipping to next week

SYS:is this to avoid a delivery fee

USR:Yes, that is exactly right!

SYS:Ok, to start, I will need your full name or account ID

USR:my name is Chloe Zhang

SYS:great to meet you Chloe

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Ok, it seems i still need your account ID and also your Order ID

USR:2741801206 is the order

USR:3XHHQGHH5F is the account

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Fantastic, those all passed the verification step

SYS:Next, to see if we can delay delivery, i need to know the current delivery status

USR:is that the shipping status?

SYS:yes, that is right

USR:it says Order Received

SYS:great, that is easy to resolve

SYS:since your item has not yet shipped

SYS:what is your membership level?

USR:i am a guest

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:ok, as a guest i can still help you since the order has just started

ACT:Order has been updated with next week.

SYS:you should now receive it later and have no fee

USR:wonderful, just what i wanted

SYS:anything else i can do for you?

USR:that's it for today!

SYS:ok, thanks again for contacting AcmeBrands and have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I do for you today?

USR:my search results are unrelated

USR:I am not sure why and want to find out the reason

SYS:I'll be happy to help you with that.

SYS:Can you try logging out of your account and back in, please?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I have tried that

SYS:Okay, how about clearing your cookies? That may help.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I have tried that, that seems to work, thanks

SYS:Great! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no thank you, that is all

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:i got a promo code that doesnt seem to be working

SYS:I am sorry about that

SYS:Can I have your name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:How many days ago did you get the code?

USR:5 days

USR:ago

SYS:Okay,

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:um

USR:guest

SYS:I am so sorry, I cannot do anything about this issue.

USR:hm

USR:ok

USR:well thats all i needed then

SYS:I am sorry

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello, I am interested in these Guess jeans, but the length will be too long for me.

USR:Are you able to tailor them?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how4) was selected.

SYS:Hello, yes we provide tailoring services. What is your membership level?

USR:I am a bronze member.

SYS:Great! Thanks for your loyalty. In that case, tailoring is free for you!

USR:That is wonderful! Thank you

SYS:No problem! Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that is all.

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I help you today?

USR:Hello, can you tell me when the spring collection is going to be released?

SYS:Sure, I can help you with promotional dates, but first, could you provide me with your name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:Give me one moment while I find that information for you, Chloe.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

SYS:Our seasonal collection is on the 3rd day of month for each season. For spring, that would be April 3rd.

USR:Awesome, thanks.

SYS:You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?

USR:Nope

SYS:Great! I hope you enjoy your day!

USR:You too.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hello, I was hoping you could explain your membership tiers to me. I'm thinking of joining so I want to make sure I'm at the right member level.

SYS:I'll be glad to help you with that. May I get your full name, please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question1) was selected.

SYS:Thank you, Joyce! Were you specifically asking about what the various membership levels are, or were you wondering how you would qualify?

USR:I was wondering what the levels are. I want to do shopping for myself and my daughters, because they have abysmal fashion. I just want to see what the levels are so I can make sure that I'm making the right choice for us.

USR:Can you just tell me what the levels are and what you get with each level?

SYS:I'll be glad to do so, Joyce. Our membership levels are Bronze, Silver, and Gold. All other customers are considered Guests.

SYS:This is an official rewards program for our most valued customers.

USR:Okay. What are the differences between them?

SYS:Our premium members are invited to our annual holiday party, which includes an open bar and free flights from anywhere within the United States. Additionally, Bronze members save on shipping fees and receive promo codes. Silver members enjoy those pe

SYS:Silver members enjoy those perks, plus may have agents make purchases for them and cancel them at anytime. Our top-level Gold members get all those perks, plus unlimited refunds and always receive the benefit of the doubt in transactions.

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

USR:Okay. Can you start out at Bronze and then upgrade your membership if you want?

SYS:Sure thing! Memberships are not purchased directly; rather they are earned through your purchases. Bronze membership is for those who make $500+ in purchases over the span of a year. Silver membership is for $1000+ in purchases, and Gold membership i

USR:Okay, got it. I get it now. Thanks for your help.

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi.  I have a question before I purchase some jeans.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:I'm looking at the Michael Kors jeans and I'm wondering what the outseam leg length is?

SYS:The Michael Kors Jeans have an outseam of 42 inches.

SYS:Pretty long, but you will be able to get them tailored to your exact height after buying them.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how3) was selected.

USR:That is pretty long.  hmmm.

USR:Well thanks for the info.  I'll have to think about that.

SYS:You're welcome, is there anything else you need?

USR:That's all for now.

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello. I have an issue with your prices

USR:Yesterday I looked at this jacket on your site. You were offering it for a great price. But when I looked today, it was much more expensive. I don't understand

USR:This is not okay

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that. I will do my best to resolve your issue.

USR:I am a GOLD MEMBER and I feel I am not being treated properly

SYS:Can you please provide me with your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:KOFATSRWC3

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

USR:4214871231

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Please give me a moment to look into the price discrepancy.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

USR:Okay

SYS:I sincerely apologize, but it seems that our pricing algorithm has increased the price on this jacket due to limited availability and increased demand.

SYS:I am unable to override the algorithm and change the price in this case.

USR:Oh no

USR:That's so frustrating

SYS:However, I am able to offer you a 10% discount code as a one time courtesy.

USR:Oh, okay

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:Well 10% won't cover the price increase

USR:So you haven't really fixed it

USR:But I guess it's better than nothing

SYS:Your satisfaction is extremely important to us. I've increased the discount to 20%.

USR:Oh good

USR:I think that will cover most of the increase

SYS:Your 20% discount code is 5Q1B8

USR:I appreciate that

USR:Thanks so much

SYS:You are welcome.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that was it

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello, I'd like to return this.

SYS:May I have your full name and account id?

SYS:What is your issue with your return?

USR:Rodriquez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriquez Domingo.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Next, I need your username, email address and order id.

USR:Ok, rd451246

USR:rd451246@email.com

SYS:what is your order id?

USR:9048577718

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:I also need your membership level to confirm the return.

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

SYS:So, are you a  gold, silver or bronze member?

SYS:Hi, are you still there?

USR:Yes

USR:I am a Gold member

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Great, gold members get unlimited returns.

USR:Thanks

SYS:I need your street and number, zip code to print the shipping label for the return.

USR:1743 Brushwick Dr  Brighton, TX 39354

ACT:Details of 1743 Brushwick Dr Brighton, TX 39354 have been entered.

SYS:How would you like to process your return? You may choose by mail, in store or drop off center.

USR:Mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:nope

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi!

USR:I am a premium subscription shopping service member.

USR:I was just going through my invoice and realized that I have been billed twice for the same item

USR:I would like to request my money back please

SYS:Does your bill show that you were charged twice for your subscription fee?

USR:No. An item i had ordered

USR:It is a Guess jacket

SYS:Oh I see

SYS:Is there an unknown charge on your bill, or does it specifically show that you were charged twice for the same item?

USR:It shows that I have been charged $89 twice

USR:thats the price of the jacket i had bought

SYS:Ok, Can I please have your full name or account ID?

USR: Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Can I also have your username, email address, and order ID please?

USR:Order ID: 6627046954

USR:I have the account id. Do not have the username handy

SYS:do you have your email address?

USR:i have my phone number

SYS:Ok, please tell me your account ID

USR:Account ID: LRQ7FAJAJ5  Order Statement

USR:LRQ7FAJAJ5

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I've reviewed your account, and it seems that we charged you an extra amount by mistake.

USR:thank you

SYS:Please give me a moment to process your refund.

ACT:Order has been updated with 89.

SYS:A refund of $89 has been processed for your account.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Appreciate it

USR:That's all. Thank you

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, this is John from ACME. How may I assist you today?

USR:I'm trying to shop on the site, but the search bar doesn't appear to be working.  It keeps returning really random results.

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Is this for different searches or just one search for a particular item?

USR:different searches

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Okay, let's try logging out of your account and then back in. This sometimes solves the problem.

USR:Ok just a sec.

USR:Nope. That didn't work

SYS:Okay. Then it could be your cookies. Can you please try clearing out your cookies and seeing it that works?

USR:Sure

USR:That didn't appear to work either.

SYS:Okay, then let me send a report to our Website Team to let them know and have them solve it.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:As for now, I can make the purchase for you if you want to purchase the item.

USR:No thank you.  I am just trying to browse.  I guess I will try again later.

SYS:All right. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No thank you.  Have a good day

SYS:Thank you for being a ACME customer. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I assist you?

USR:Hello, I need to check on my order's shipping status, I haven't received it yet.

SYS:Let's find out what is going on. May I have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thank you. In order to validate your purchase, may I also have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:nbouchard883, nbouchard883@email.com, order ID 8265747755

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How many days have you been waiting for your order?

USR:9 days so far

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:It should have arrived by now. I'll ship your order again. May I have your full address?

USR:2542 Woodshore St, San Lima, WA 19973

ACT:Order has been updated with 2542 Woodshore St, San Lima, WA 19973.

SYS:What did you order?

USR:A Michael Kors jacket and Tommy Hilfiger jeans

ACT:A purchase of Michael Kors jacket was made.

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger jeans was made.

SYS:Okay, I have processed your new shipment. You should receive it within 7 days. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That's all, thank you so much!

SYS:You're welcome! Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:Hello, I keep looking for a few different items but they all seem to be out of stock every time I check.

SYS:I'm so sorry to hear that! Let me see what I can do.

SYS:Ok. I have notified the purchasing department of your complaint. May I help you with anything else?

USR:That's all. Just want to give you some money but the site won't let me! :)

SYS:So sorry about that again! Have a great day :)

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I would like to know if these jeans are  stretchy

SYS:I can look at that for you.  What jeans are they

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

USR:Tommy Hilfiger jeas? and would i be able to get them tailored to fit if there was a fit issue?

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how4) was selected.

USR:and if so how much would it cost?

SYS:Gold, silver and bronze members get tailoring for free

USR:thank you, goodbye

SYS:You're Welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi! I would like to change my phone number on my account. It's off by one digit.

SYS:Sure, let me get right on that for you.  May I ask who am I speaking with today?

USR:Thanks! My name is Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:May I have the phone number that you currently have listed?

USR:My correct phone number is (751) 395-4762. The one I have listed is (751) 394-4762, just need to change the 4 to a 5.

SYS:Thanks, so much.  And if you don't mind, I need to verify your identity with 3 things.

SYS:First, may I have your zip code?

USR:Sure! Zip code is 94435.

SYS:Thanks.  Second, may I have your user name?

USR:My username is ap028425.

SYS:Great.  Last, may I have your email address?

USR:Email address would be ap028425@email.com.

SYS:Great, you're all verified.  I'm changing this for you right now.

USR:Thanks so much for your help! I really appreciate it.

SYS:Okay, your phone number has been updated.

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist with your today?

USR:That's all I need at the moment. Thanks again!

SYS:You're welcome, have a wonderful rest of the day.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix..

ACT:A reason of (751) 395-4762 has been recorded.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been updated with (751) 395-4762.

<|endoftext|>USR:hi!

SYS:Hi! How may I help you today?

USR:I wanted to get my name stitched on one of the items

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:I was hoping you could help me with the pricing

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

SYS:Yes I can help with that

SYS:Stitching costs depend on how much text is added

SYS:It is 30 cents per character for the first 15 characters then it is 15 center for the 15 characters and 10 cents for an additional following that

USR:Okay. Thank you

SYS:You're Welcome! Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:Thank you!

USR:That is all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:My spouse told me that my account is showing a premium subscription, but I never ordered a premium subscription.

SYS:Okay, can I have your name please?

USR:My name is David Williams.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

SYS:I will check the system

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Thank you.

SYS:How much were you charged?

ACT:Account has been updated with remove service.

USR:I was charged $40.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

SYS:Okay, I am sorry about that you have been refunded

SYS:Anything else I can do for you?

USR:Great, thank you so much!

USR:No, that was all!

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, my name is Anne. What can I help you with today?

USR:Can I get an extension on my subscription?

SYS:Let me check. Can I get your full name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you Mr. Domingo. Can I also get your account and order id's?

USR:Y8I1BKKBGP

USR:1854531633

SYS:Thanks again. What is your membership level please?

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:I am sorry Mr. Domingo, but your account does not qualify for an extension at this time.

USR:Why not?

SYS:Your membership level does not qualify I'm afraid.

USR:Um, ok.

USR:Well that's all I wanted

SYS:Again I am sorry I can't help you at this time. Was there anything else you needed?

USR:Nope.  Have a good day

SYS:Thank you. Same to you.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for choosing AcmeBrands! What can I do for you today?

USR:I want to know the return policy.

SYS:Sure, one moment, please.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question1) was selected.

SYS:It depends on your membership level. If you are a gold member, you get unlimited returns.

SYS:Silver members can return purchases from the past 6 months, and bronze members can return products purchased in the last 90 days.

SYS:All other members can return up to 30 days after their purchase.

USR:Thanks for the info.

SYS:Can I answer any other questions for you or help with anything else?

USR:that's all

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good morning, how can I help you?

USR:Hey, I forgot my password, so I cannot access my account.

USR:I need information on an order.

SYS:don't worry we will give you a new one

SYS:would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:additional to this you would give me your email, to sent the reset link

USR:jbanter4

SYS:sorry, I need your username, not your email.

SYS:thanks

ACT:Details of jbanter4 have been entered.

USR:That's ok, I figured that's what you meant.

SYS:ok, now i am going to generate a new password but for identity security would give me your pin number.

USR:My security answer is Livingston

SYS:ok, thanks. one moment please

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:32zadgia6zy

SYS:here yo go

USR:Excellent, thanks!

SYS:a pleasure to help you

SYS:have a nice day

USR:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you today?

USR:I'm thinking of ordering from you, but before I do, I need to know your refund policy.

SYS:Ok, I can help with that

USR:Thanks.

SYS:Your welcome. One moment please

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Okay you just want to know our refund policy correct?

USR:Yes.

SYS:Ok great. Refunds are available for items before they have been shipped.

SYS:They can be issued with an Order ID, email, and username

SYS:So it's best to get that information together before contacting us.

SYS:We can help you recover a username if needed though

SYS:Does this answer your question?

USR:Mostly. That means I can't get a refund after something's been shipped?

SYS:After it's been shipped, we technically will just have you return the order instead of refunding it

SYS:So you can still get your money back if you are unhappy

USR:That makes sense. Guess that's all I needed.

USR:Thanks for your help.

SYS:Your welcome, glad I can help

SYS:Have a great day!

USR:You too.

SYS:Bey

SYS:Oops, Bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I would like to pay the bill on my subscription with the credit card on file

SYS:I would be happy to help you with that. May I have your full name or account id please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you Joseph, may I have your account id and order id please?

USR:Account ID: G2GD9AMGON

USR:Order ID: 1392515236

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Did you want to pay the standard subscription of $99 today?

USR:Yes

ACT:Details of 99 have been entered.

SYS:May I have your credit card number?

USR:Can you just pay with the card on file

SYS:Yes I can.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Your subscription has been paid, anymore questions today?

USR:Thanks. Thats all

SYS:Your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi. I was just trying to log in but I forgot my password, can you help me

USR:I do know my username is as647053

SYS:I'm sure I can help with that.

SYS:Can I get your name or account ID?

USR:My name is Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:Details of as647053 have been entered.

SYS:I can't get your old password, but I'll make you a new one.

USR:that would be great

SYS:Do you have your PIN number?

USR:i do not

SYS:How about the answer to your security question?

USR:Yes, that is Martinez

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Mr. Sanders your new password is: 3gxf4vnfxg7

USR:thank you so much for your help

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:no that is all

SYS:Thank you, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I help you with today?

USR:I have a pending refund and want to know the status. I want to return this coat and want the cost of that added to my pending refund.

SYS:No worries let me look into that for you

USR:My pending refund is $100 and this coat is $64

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:And your username, email, and order ID?

USR:Email Address: sanyaa08@email.com  Username: sanyaa08

USR:Order ID: 2400755580

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay, your refund is still in progress. Hopefully it should be done soon

SYS:That is the status of your refund

USR:Okay, will this coat be added to it?

SYS:Give me a moment and I'll sort that out for you.

SYS:What's the exact item?

USR:Michael Kors coat $64

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors coat has been recorded.

SYS:And just to be sure $64

SYS:And your previous refund was $100?

SYS:For a total of $164

USR:Yes, thanks!

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $164.

SYS:Okay, it's all been sorted

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That is all!

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi. I'm a bit irritated. Can you check my shipping status? I never recieved my package and it seems like I've been waiting forever now.

SYS:I'm sorry about that, let me check this for you.

SYS:Did you get an email from us that would indicate anything is wrong?

USR:No. I just never got my package.

SYS:What action could we take to help resolve this issue?

USR:Well I'm wondering why I haven't gotten anything?

USR:Hello?

SYS:Could I get your name or account ID?

USR:My name is David Williams.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:And could I get your username, email address and order ID please, Mr Williams?

USR:My username is davidwilliams854. My email is davidwilliams854@email.com. And the Order ID is 6722162890.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:So, how many days have you been waiting now?

USR:I have been waiting 9 days now.

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:I would like to reship this order for you, can I get your address please?

USR:Sure it is 6921 Primrose Ave  La Fayette, WA 7454

ACT:Order has been updated with 6921 Primrose Ave La Fayette, WA 7454.

SYS:What was the brand and type of item for this order?

USR:The order was for a pair of Michael Kors Jeans and a Guess Jacket.

ACT:A purchase of Michael Kors Jeans and a Guess Jacket was made.

SYS:I've gone ahead and ordered those for you, Mr. Williams.

USR:Thank you.

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:That's it.

SYS:Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:HI, how can I help you?

USR:I want to know the state of my refund

SYS:Sure, happy to help. Can I start with your name please?

USR: Albert Sanders, i want to know that state of my refund because i want to add items to my existing refund.

SYS:Got it. Ok, let me take a look.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Can I please have your username, email, and order ID?

USR:Order ID: 5581075586

USR:Username: alberts2

SYS:Ok, and what is your email address?

USR:Email Address: alberts2@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great. The status is "not started"

SYS:What is the reason for the new return?

USR:My email stating that i have a refund of $100 dollars and i would like to order the Michael kors boots for $64 so i just want to know what would be my refund status when i order the boots

SYS:Ok I see. So you are wanting to purchase the boots?

USR:Im sorry no i would like to get a refund on the boots

SYS:I see. Of course. Just a moment please

USR:ok

ACT:A reason of Michael kors boots has been recorded.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $164.

SYS:Great. With the boots refunded, your refund will now be $164.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:that will be all thank you

SYS:Great, thank you!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello. I need to check on the status of my order please

SYS:Not a problem, can I have your first and last name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Alright and we're just checking on an orders status.

USR:Yes I think I selected the wrong payment type

SYS:Ah I see, I'll need the Account ID and order ID please

USR:I don't have either of those items handy

SYS:No problem, Lets recover your account first.

USR:oh and can you check on the stats of my account too because my subscription was removed from my account but I definitely want it

SYS:Sure, I should be able to take care of that as well.

SYS:I'll need your Email address and phone number to recover the account.

USR:crazycatlady@gmail.com

USR:phone number is 234-233-5666

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Alright your username is cminh1

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

USR:thanks. That sounds familiar now you say it

SYS:Alright now for the order

SYS:Do you happen to know where the item is shippign wise? I believe it should be displayed on your dashboard on the lower right side?

USR:7212 2nd avenue

USR:in washington state.. La Fayette

SYS:So the item is still in transit?

SYS:We can go ahead and get that changed then.

SYS:What payment method would you like to use instead?

USR:great

USR:my credit card that is on file please

ACT:Order has been updated with Credit Card.

SYS:Alright and the last thing you wanted to look at was for a subscription?

USR:yes

SYS:Alright do you have your account ID number available?

USR:no i don't sorry

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:No problem.

SYS:And actually your subscription is still active so there's nothing to worry about

USR:oh great well I was confused by the email then. I think that's all my concerns for today

SYS:This was likely a scam email. Be sure to check the sender because it could be from someone claiming to be AcmeCorp and not actually us

USR:ohhhhhhh never thought about that!

USR:thanks

SYS:No problem, is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that's all thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hello, everytime I try and search for something on the website it is coming up with 0 results

SYS:Okay, let me look into that for you.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Well firstly I'm going to let our website team know that there's been some problems today

ACT:The Website team has been notified.

SYS:Secondarily can I ask you to log out and log back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:OkI did try that and still not working

SYS:Okay

SYS:Can you try clearing your cookies for me?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Thank you that seemed to work for me

SYS:That's good to hear. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That is all

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:Hi I'd like to get a refund because I got these boots but I changed my mind

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that.  May I have your full name?

USR:Can you help me out?

USR:Okay great

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:May I have your Username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:Sure my username is cminh051

USR:Email address is cminh051@email.com

USR:Order ID is 2372919341

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay, how would you like to receive your refund:  gift card, add value to your account, paper check or credit card?

USR:Let me think a second

USR:I think the paper check will suit me best

ACT:A reason of paper check has been recorded.

SYS:Okay, may I have your full address?

USR:6183 Woodshore St  San Mateo, NY 17319

ACT:Details of 6183 Woodshore St San Mateo, NY 17319 have been entered.

SYS:And what is the dollar amount of the item?

USR:$89

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $89.

SYS:Okay, your refund has been initiated.  May I help you with anything else?

USR:That was it, thanks!

SYS:You are welcome. Have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting us today.

SYS:How may I help you?

USR:Hi I'm interested in buying some ladies boots but I want to know if the laces are dark brown or black

SYS:Alright, it sounds like you would like a little more information about boots that we sell.

USR:Yes exactly

SYS:Let me go ahead and try to find that information for you

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other2) was selected.

SYS:Okay, looking at the information the laces are going to be black.

USR:OK awesome! That's all I wanted to know thanks!

SYS:Almost all of our boots themselves are also black themselves because the purchasing team feels this is more appropriate for the season.

SYS:Would you like to know a little more or have any other questions for me?

USR:No that's it, thank you!

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us, have a great day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I assist you today?

USR:Hi, my name is Alessandro

USR:I'm thinking about getting these Guess boots, but I'd like to double check that they're waterproof

SYS:Hello Alessandro, my name is Jackie

SYS:Let me see what I can find for you

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:Great

USR:Yea, I'm going on a trip where my wife says there will be some hiking across a river or something

SYS:Certainly, that makes sense

SYS:So given the large inventory at AcmeBrands, we have both water proof and regular boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other1) was selected.

SYS:The best way to check is to look at the guarantee that is attached upon purchase

SYS:You can usually also see it only left hand panel of the screen if you are checking online

USR:What left hand panel?

SYS:There should be a pop-up box if you hover in that region

USR:Oh my goodness, I see!

USR:Lots more information here

USR:Ok, yea, they're waterproof!

SYS:Stupendous

SYS:Sounds like you're good to go then?

USR:yes, this is just what I needed

SYS:Ok, have a great day then Alessandro and enjoy your trip!

USR:Yes, thanks Jackie

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, what can I do for you?

USR:Hi, my name's Chloe Zhang.  I have a premium subscription with Acme

USR:I was on my account page, but I couldn't find any details about the subscription.  Can you let me know when my annual fee is due?

SYS:Okay, thanks for being a premium member.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Sure, I can look into that for you.

SYS:Can I have your account ID and order ID?

USR:sure,

USR:B2H2LIOWXN

USR:8621820011

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:You have $14 that was due yesterday

USR:oo, sorry about that

SYS:Here is a link you can use to check your account in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Would you like to pay that amount today?

USR:can I use my credit card on file and pay that off before it gets further into arrears?

SYS:Yes, we can do that

ACT:Account has been updated with .

SYS:You account is now up to date

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No, that's perfect, thanks

SYS:Have a good day

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:Hi

SYS:What can I help you with?

USR:I want to know how long premium membership last once I get it

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Because I'm thinking of buying stuff

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:Our premium memberships are great! They last for the remaining of the year you purchase it in, as well as the full next year.

USR:Okay. Thanks

SYS:They start at the beginning of the next month from when you purchase items. So if you puchase today, it would begin May 1st

SYS:You're welcome! Can I help you with anything else today?

SYS:You have a great day :)

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello, I am a little upset that an item I want always seems to be out of stock

SYS:I'm sorry about that! Can I have your full name or account ID so I can pull up your account?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Which item is it that you want?

USR:Michael Kors Jeans

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors Jeans has been recorded.

SYS:I'll write up a report for our purchasing department about this. Hopefully they can do better in the future.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

USR:Thank you

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:That is it

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:I want to check the shipping because the cost of shipping is really high

SYS:Of course.

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

USR:MTHLL14QW1

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:What would you like to know about your shipping?

USR:the shipping was too high

SYS:What would you like for us to do?

USR: a refund of the shipping because it was too high

SYS:May I have your username, email address and order ID?

USR:Username: sanyaa94

USR:Email Address: sanyaa94@email.com

USR:Order ID: 6025849065

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:What is the shipping status of your order?

USR:In Transit

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:I am able to waive the fee of your shipping.

ACT:Order has been updated with waive fee.

USR:ok that will be okay

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Thats is everything

SYS:Have a great day.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands, how may I help?

USR:Yeah, so something weird is going on with your pricing. I looked at a jacket yesterday, but when I checked it again today the price was way higher

USR:It's supposed to be a gift, so I couldn't buy it yesterday as I had to get the person's size

SYS:OK. Let me help you with that. May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Sure, I'm Joseph Banter

USR:And my account ID is EJMKBECULR

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:OK Joseph. I have pulled up your account.

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:OK. I am recording the change for you.

USR:So you can get me yesterday's price?

SYS:I just need your order ID

USR:OK, let me find that piece of paper...

USR:OK it is 2408030204

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:OK. Your identity has been verified.

SYS:Sometimes our prices change due to demand or vendor issues. Sorry that happened.

USR:But I'm a silver memeber - I thought the whole point of signing up for membership was to get the better prices?!?

SYS:Thank you for your silver membership. As one of our valued members. I can help.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Please use promo code 5AHD3

USR:That code will get me a discount price to match yesterday's?

SYS:Yes.

USR:Great!

USR:Thank you for the code.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Nope that's everything. I feel much better now, thank you.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may i help?

USR:Hi I am thinking of buying a Guess jacket but had a question

USR:I just wanted to know how often it should be washed

SYS:I can help answer your question on washing the Guess jacket today, no problem! May i have your name please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:I have an answer for you here Alessandro

USR:ok

SYS:We suggest you wash it based on how much you wear it. A regularly worn jacket should be washed twice a season, while sporadic wear only warrants one wash a season

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how3) was selected.

SYS:is there anything else i can assist with today?

USR:ok that's helpful

USR:no I'm good

SYS:have a goo day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Can you please check my subscription do

SYS:Sure, I can look into that for you

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:May I just gather some information from you, first.  I'll need your account ID and an order ID from any recent purchase

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:0817093622

USR:WSC6LUNAFO

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Thanks Ms. Minh

SYS:So your account is in good shape, but you do have a $55 balance that is due tomorrow

USR:Please pay hes in the card on file thank you very much

SYS:I can process the payment for you now, using the credit card on file, if you'd like?

USR:Yes please

SYS:I'll get right on that

ACT:Details of 55 have been entered.

SYS:And will there be anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:No thank you

SYS:You're welcome.  Have a great day, Ms Minh

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, what can I do for you today?

USR:Hi, I bought some jeans and I got the wrong size.  I actually got a size that's way too large for me.  How do I go about returning them and getting the right size?

SYS:Ah that's something I can help you with. Can I h ave your first name?

USR:Sure.  It's David.

SYS:And last?

USR:Williams.  Sorry.

SYS:No you're fine!

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:And can I have your username, email, and the order ID?

USR:My username is davidw84.  My e-mail is davidw84@email.com.  My order ID is 9866243811

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Okay and what's your membership level David?

USR:Gold level.

SYS:Okay, since you're Gold you get unlimited returns

USR:Nice, that sounds like a perk.

SYS:Since we're processing a return I'm going to need to send you a shipping label

SYS:To do that I'm going to need your full address.

USR:Alright, no problem.  My address is 8992 Kennedy St.  La fayette, NY 3009

ACT:Details of 8992 Kennedy St. La fayette, NY 3009 have been entered.

SYS:And would you like to do this By Mail, In Store, or at one of our Drop Off Centers?

USR:Hmmmm, mail is fine.

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Okay that's everything I can help you with here, an email will be sent your way telling you what to do next.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:Thank you!  No I think that's about it, I just needed to know how to get the jeans back to you.

SYS:Well it should be easy enough for you from here

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:I would like to see my shopping history but I can't get into my account

SYS:Are you needing your password or username?

USR:username

SYS:Great, I will be happy to help you with that.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams .

SYS:May I have your zip code and email address?

USR:36422

USR:I don't have an email address

SYS:Then I will need your phone number.

USR:398-325-2470

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Your username is dwilliams1.

USR:Great

SYS:Will that be all for today?

USR:Yes, thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hello, I am having trouble with using a promo code. It is coming up as invalid

SYS:Lets fix that, could i get your full name or account ID please

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:okay, what is your membership level

USR:silver

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:K6XWD

SYS:Here is your new promo code

SYS:Is there anything else i can do for you?

USR:That is all, thank you

SYS:Okay, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Hi, I was trying to log into my account to look at my shopping history. But, I lost my phone so I can't get past the two-factor authentication step.

SYS:okay lets look into that for you

SYS:I can reset your two factor authentication

USR:Great

SYS:I will need to send a code to your email

USR:OK

SYS:can you confirm your full name and email address?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix, ap228268@email.com

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Details of ap228268@email.com have been entered.

SYS:I need to now ask you your security question

SYS:What is your mother's maiden name?

USR:..........

USR:Smith

ACT:Details of Smith have been entered.

SYS:Okay I will send the code to the email address on file

SYS:I'm also sending a link full of best practices to keep your account secure and safe in the future

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Okay, thanks.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that's all.

SYS:Okay. Thanks and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I assist you?

USR:I want to manage my payment method

USR:change it to credit card.

USR:for my order.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:A reason of credit card has been recorded.

SYS:I need 3 out of the following 7 pieces of information:

SYS:Zip Code, Phone #, username, PIN, password, email address, or an order ID.

USR:74738 is zip , (346) 003-2911, order id is 4890306336

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you...updating now.

USR:ok

ACT:Account has been updated with credit card.

SYS:OK, the information in our system is current and up to date.

USR:ok

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>USR:hi

SYS:Hi there, how can I help today?

USR:Hi there, I would like to add an item to an order I had already created.

SYS:Okay, let me pull up your account. What is your full name, please?

USR:My name is David Williams

SYS:Thank you, David. To verify your identity, can you also please send your account ID and order ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

USR:Here's my account ID :ADKJEBGTIA and order ID :6995897219

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Got it, thank you!

SYS:And what is the shipping status right now?

USR:In transit

SYS:Okay. And what is your membership level?

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

USR:It's Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Normally I wouldn't be able to do much, but we prioritize our gold and silver members, so I can help you out.

SYS:Though it's too late to add an item to this specific order, I can create a new order and have it sent without shipping fees.

SYS:What would you like to purchase?

USR:Wow. I'm so happy.

SYS:Glad to hear!

USR:That's also fine for me

SYS:What would you like me to have sent to you?

USR:Hope it wont be delayed

SYS:We will get it to you as fast as possible.

USR:A Guess Boots

ACT:A purchase of Guess Boots was made.

SYS:I've put that in the system, and you should be receiving them shortly!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No. That would be all for now.

SYS:Okay, David, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:I just got charged for an order, but I never bought anything.  Can you fix this?

SYS:Oh no, yes I can look into this for you. Just to verify you did not buy anything correct?

USR:No I did not.

SYS:May I have your full name or account id please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you may I please have your username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:crystalm071

USR:crystalm071@email.com

USR:2547530061

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:It said I bought some boots.

SYS:Thank you. Let me check our system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:May I have your membership level please?

USR:Bronze

ACT:Membership level of bronze has been noted.

SYS:So at this point, I am not showing an error on our side; however, we are able to process the return once the item is received back to us. I do apologize for this inconvenience.

SYS:Is there anything else you would like me to help with today?

USR:So it's going to be delivered and then I need to return it?  Will I receive a refund then?

SYS:Yes you will receive a refund. You will need to call us back once the item is delivered. I do apologize I am unable to update the order at this time.

USR:That's okay.  It's just annoying.

SYS:I know I do apologize, is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:No, that's it.

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello,  what can I help you with today?

USR:Hi there, I was hoping to return an item that I purchased. It's not the same colour as I initially expected.

SYS:Ok, no problem! Can I please have your full name, username, email address, and the order ID number?

USR:Sure thing! My name is Rodriguez Domingo and my user name is rd526508

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:The email address on file would be rd526508@email.com and the order ID number is 1010984155

SYS:Perfect, thanks! One moment please

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Membership level of  has been noted.

USR:No problem.

ACT:Membership level of What is membership level has been noted.

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:I have a silver membership level

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:Also, what was the date of purchase?

USR:The purchase date would have been 2019-09-02

SYS:Thanks! Do you still have the receipt for the purchase,  or is the item still in original packaging?

USR:I'm not sure whether I have a receipt but the item is still in its original packaging.

SYS:Ok perfect, then you are able to return the item. May I please have your full address to prepare a shipping label for you?

USR:Perfect, thanks so much!

USR:My address is 0626 Lincoln Ave  Newark, CA 80542

ACT:Details of 0626 Lincoln Ave Newark, CA 80542 have been entered.

SYS:Would you prefer to return the item by mail, in store, or at a drop off center?

USR:I think it would be more convenient for me to return the item by mail if that's okay

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Yes, no problem at all! It should be all set for you to return now. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that's everything. Thank you so much for your assistance!

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I assist you today?

USR:Can you tell me what time the local store closes?

SYS:Where are you located?

USR:San Mateo

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question2) was selected.

SYS:AcmeBrands stores are encouraged to be open from 8 AM to 11 PM to best serve our customers.

SYS:You can select search stores on the homepage to find your closest store.

USR:OK thanks

SYS:But, just to let you know, you can always visit us online at www.acmebrands.com for service 24/7. Using the website you can make purchases, process refunds and get your most common questions answered.

SYS:I hope that helps.

USR:It does - thank you!

SYS:Great!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:I'm good, thanks!

SYS:Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hey I wanna find out about the different membership levels.

USR:I'm looking to buy some clothes for my father in-law.

SYS:are you current;y a member?

USR:I am not

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:we have levels of bronze, silver & gold. The benefits get better as you move from bronze to gold -

USR:What are the prices?

SYS:well it is based on your puchase amounts

SYS:if you buy over $500 worth of stuff you will become a bronze member automatically

SYS:that will mean you get promo codes, and you will save on shipping fess

SYS:is that what you are asking about?

USR:Oh, so it's not a fee I pay regularly?

SYS:we also have subscriptions, which are paid annually

USR:Tell me about those

SYS:do you have a subscription currently?

USR:No

SYS:it costs $00/year

SYS:oops

SYS:$99/year!

USR:Ha! I was gonna say "that's cheap!"

USR:Okay, gotcha. I think I have all the info I need, thanks

SYS:deal of the year!

SYS:so, you wanted to know the price of a subscription? Is that all?

SYS:or were you more interested in membership?

USR:Yeah, no just the prices

USR:Thanks!

SYS:ok, you wanted to know about subscriptions then? Our boss likes us to keep track of these queries...

USR:Yes

SYS:it's good for the managers to know these things...

SYS:is that all?

USR:Fine then, yes that's all

SYS:ok have a decent day

USR:You as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi, I need to check my refund status.

USR:My name is Rodriguez Domingo, I just need to see if it's being processed or not.

SYS:I can certainly help you with that. Can I please have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:rdomingo780

USR:rdomingo780@email.com

USR:4292886862

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:Thank you. Please give me a moment to review your account.

SYS:I can see that you requested your refund 3 days ago through online chat. Your refund is currently in progress and should be completed in 1~2 business days.

USR:Oh okay, I'll just wait a little bit longer then

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thank you for the quick help.

SYS:You are welcome.

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, my name is Joseph Banter and I am wondering about my subscription status

SYS:What is it you're wondering?

USR:I want to keep my subscription, so if I have any balance due I want to pay it and activate my subscription

SYS:So are you just looking to pay your bill?

USR:Yes, if I have a bill. I'm not really sure if my subscription is even active right now

SYS:So would you like to check it's status instead?

SYS:I can do that for you.

USR:Yes, exactly

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Okay can I have your account and order ID's?

USR:My account ID is 1RSYZLZPXV and my order ID is 6528435658

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Okay, it's still active through today, but today is the due date.

SYS:You owe $55. I'm assuming you'd like to pay that?

USR:Oh okay, yes I'd like to pay that. Can you charge the card on my account?

SYS:Yes

ACT:Details of $55 have been entered.

SYS:Now for future reference I'm going to send you a link to where you can look all this up on your own.

USR:Okay thank you, I'll use that next time

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:And just to be sure, you have access to your username?

USR:I actually forgot my username, I usually use my email to log in.

SYS:Well you'll need that.

SYS:Luckily I have it right here. It's jbanter1

USR:Oh, great! Thank you! I'll make a note of that

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No, that was it. Thank you for the help!

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I saw a product I really like but had a couple of questions

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

SYS:And what  are your questions exactly?

USR:sure it's Chloe Zhang

USR:It's the Calvin Klein shirt that's going for $79.

SYS:thank you .

USR:it's a white shirt so I wanted to see what the care instructions were to make sure I keep it looking reallly clean

ACT:Account has been pulled up for  Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:also my husband is a chef and he experiments with a lot of different sauces. So I wanted to see how to remove a stain like tomato sauce

SYS:Got it, just a moment please.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how1) was selected.

SYS:You can soak the shirt in cold water for roughly half an hour to loosen up the stain. Then scrub out the area with dishwashing liquid with a toothbrush. Then you can wash it again in cold water.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how1) was selected.

USR:ok that's great

USR:and do I need to wash in delicate cycle or regular is fine.

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how2) was selected.

SYS:Regular cycle should be fine.

USR:ok cool

USR:thanks that helps a lot

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:that's it

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you yoo

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how2) was selected.

USR:too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:I have been checking the website for a month for a product i wnt buy but everytime i come it is sold out

SYS:I'm sorry for this, I can look into the  issue for you, could I get your full name?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:Thank you, David. What item were you trying to get?

USR:Product: Shirt  Brand: Tommy_Hilfiger  Amount: $94

ACT:A reason of Tommy Hilfiger Shirt has been recorded.

SYS:I'm sorry, but it does appear that item is out of stock. I'll write a report to our purchasing team to let them know of the issue. In the mean time we can place a backorder on the shirt for you if you like.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

USR:No thats fine, but thank you for your help and understanding my frustration

SYS:Yes, sorry for the inconvenience, is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No that is everything, thank you again and i hope you have a great day

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I was just wondering if the Calvin Klein boots are waterproof.

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:thanks Norman.

SYS:give me a second please.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other1) was selected.

SYS:Most of our boots are waterproof.

USR:Do you know if these in particular are waterproof.

SYS:You can check the guarantee that is attached upon purchase to find out if it is waterproof.

USR:ok, thanks

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No, that's all

SYS:Have a nice day.

USR:thanks

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hello. Can you tell me when your annual sale begins?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question3) was selected.

SYS:Hello, the annual sale ended on January 31st of this year. However, if you subscribe to our newsletter, you can be notified when the next sale will begin, likely around the last week of January

USR:ok thank you!

SYS:Anything else you needed?

USR:no that was it!

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting Acme.  How can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I'm interested in buying a product, but I would like to know if you have different sizes?

SYS:I would be happy to assist with that

SYS:Can i have your name please?

USR:Yes, it's Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Thank you Alessandro and what product are you looking at today

USR:I'm interested in the $49 Tommy Hilfiger jeans

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (other3) was selected.

SYS:Oh yes those jeans do come in different sizes.  The standard inseam is 36 inches but the they have larger and smaller sizes also

USR:Yes, I'm interested in a considerably larger size

USR:there is a Star Trek convention coming up, and I want to look my best

SYS:You will look fabulous in those.  I have them myself and the fit is perfect

SYS:Did you have any other questions today?

USR:Ah, I'm glad to hear that you have what I was looking for.

USR:I think I can handle the rest myself, then

USR:Thanks for your help

SYS:Great! You enjoy the rest of your day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi!

USR:Hello.  I have a shipping question.

SYS:How can I help you?

SYS:sure, what's your question?

SYS:hello?

USR:The shipping on a pair of jeans I just bought was very high.

SYS:ok, sorry about that - are you looking to have those shipping costs refunded to you?

USR:yes

SYS:ok, may I have your name please to start?

USR:Joyce Wu

SYS:Thanks, I'll also need your username, email address and order ID please.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

USR:jw676265

USR: jw676265@email.com

USR:3311811266

SYS:Thanks for that info - can you tell me the shipping status please?

USR:It says out for delivery

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:Ok, the best I can do is refund $8 of the shipping cost for you. Is there anything else I can help you with today Ms. Wu?

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

USR:Great. thank you

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello how may i help you today?

USR:Hello. I signed up for the premium subscription shopping service because there are great benefits but I was wondering if I can get an extension because I'm getting paid in a few days and I'll have more money.

SYS:i see, you are asking for an extention on your subscription, and I can help with that today

SYS:first i need your full name to pull up your account

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:i will then need your account id and order id, to pull up the subscription

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:thank you, now please provide your account id and order id

USR:Account ID: Q9YMTXE90T and Order ID: 0947846928

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:thank you, and what is your membership level?

SYS:gold, silver, bronze, or guest?

SYS:are you there?

SYS:i will need your membership level to proceed

USR:I'm sorry, bad connection, it's silver.

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:as a silver member, i am authorized to give a one day extention

SYS:does that work for you

USR:Can I get a few more days?

SYS:i do not have that ability

SYS:however i can have a manager call you

USR:Yes please

SYS:if you wish to, i will need your phone number

USR:(117) 480-5920

ACT:Details of (117) 480-5920 have been entered.

ACT:The manager has been notified.

SYS:the manager will call you back later today

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:Nope, that's all, thanks so much!

SYS:have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:Good afternoon! I was hoping you could assist me with something. My name on my account is spelled incorrectly, so I was hoping to modify that with you today

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that

SYS:To begin with, may I ask your full name or your account ID.  In this situation, the latter might be easier, if you have it.

SYS:But if you don't know your account ID, the name as it is currently recorded would be find

SYS:"would be fine"

USR:Yes haha. Unfortunately though I don't know my account ID. The current name on the account though is Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Okay, I can see an account in our system by that name

USR:Great

SYS:and now may I ask how you would like the name to be spelled on the account?

USR:So, my name is actually spelled Rodrigues Dominigo

ACT:A reason of Rodriguez Domingo has been recorded.

SYS:I see, and sorry about that mistake.  But before I can make the change, I will need some information so that I can verify your identity

USR:Sure thing.

SYS:I'll need any three pieces of information, whichever you would prefer to give, out of the following:

SYS:zip code, telephone number, PIN number, username, password, email address, or the order ID of any previous purchase

USR:My zip code is:  85337. My username is: rd546703. And my email address is: rd546703@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Excellent, I can now update the name on your account

USR:Perfect, thanks a bundle.

ACT:Account has been updated with Rodrigues Domingo.

SYS:That's all taken care of.  Your account is now in the name of Rodrigues Domingo.

USR:Great!

SYS:Would there be anything else that I can assist you with today?

USR:No that's everything. Have a great day!

SYS:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thanks for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help today?

USR:Hi...I returned a pair of jeans a while ago but the refund has still not been processed. Can you help me with this?

SYS:Sure, can I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu but I forgot my account id...i am so sorry ...what other info can I give you?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:How about your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:my username is jw966962, the email is jw966962@email.com and the order id is 0790203899

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you - how many days have you been waiting for the refund to show up?

USR:60 days

ACT:A reason of 60 days has been recorded.

SYS:OK, let me see about processing that credit immediately.  That is an excessive amount of time.

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

SYS:OK, I have processed the credit, you should see it now on your account.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:nothing else...thank you so much!

SYS:Thank you, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I was thinking about getting this Tommy Hilfiger jacket in black, but I had some questions about it. Can you help me?

SYS:Sure, what were you wanting to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:I needed to know how often do I have to wash it? And it's not dry clean only, is it?

USR:Can't really afford to be going to the dry cleaners a lot nowadays :(

SYS:Let me look up that information for you. May I ask who I am speaking with today?

USR:Sure, I'm Crystal Minh

SYS:I completely understand Crystal. I don't buy much if it needs to be drycleaned!

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how2) was selected.

USR:Yeah, plus it's a pain, and I forget to pick stuff up when I need it, lol

SYS:Luckily this jacket can be washed and dryed at home! We do recommend drying on low to avoid shrinkage though.

USR:Okay, but how often should I wash it? Once a week? I guess what's the average time.

USR:Obviously I'll wash it if I spill food on it or something.

SYS:I guess it depends how often you wear it? Probably every couple of weeks.

USR:Okay, so not as often as I thought then.

USR:Thank you for your help.

SYS:I'm glad I could help, You have a great day.

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:My husband told me that I should check the status of our account. We are supposed to have $40 in credits that aren't showing up.

SYS:Okay, let me look into that for you

USR:ok

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:And where did the credits originate from?

USR:It was a one time deal with a previous purchase.

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

SYS:Let me check the system

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:The credit seems to be on your account. It's just seemingly an issue on the interface's end.

SYS:Can you try logging out and logging back in to see if you see it?

USR:just a sec. let me try.

USR:Yes, I do see it now. Thank you.

SYS: Good to hear!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No, that's all

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Yes i was browsing the website but its running really slow today

USR:trying

SYS:Oh no I am sorry to hear that. Is it the website in general or are you having issue with the search/cart function?

USR:the website in general

SYS:Ok, lets try a few things. First, can I have you please check another website to rule out a possible connection issue?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:other sites running fine

SYS:Can you please close down the tabs in your browser and make sure all background programs are not running as well?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok,one sec

USR:yes! that seemed to fix the problem. Thank you so much for your help

SYS:Great, is there anything else I may help with today?

USR:That will be all today

SYS:Your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you?

USR:I have a complaint. Every time I look at something it's always out of stock. What's the problem?

SYS:I am sorry. I can help you with that.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:I will write up your complaint and let our purchasing department know about this issue.

ACT:The purchasing department.  has been notified.

USR:Great. You need to tell them to hire better people.

SYS:I am sorry for this.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:No, that's all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I would like to refund the guess shirt I just bought because I have changed my mind.

SYS:Ok

SYS:Can you tell me your name, your username, your email address, and the order ID for the shirt?

USR:Name: Joyce Wu

USR:Username: jw206841

USR:Email Address: jw206841@email.com

USR:Order ID: 1492917185

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:How would you like it refunded?  You can get a gift card, value added to your account, a check, or sent to the credit card on file.

USR:credit card on file would be great

SYS:Ok, what is your account ID?

USR:Account ID: GJUFGXQIG6

SYS:And how much is the price of the shirt?

USR:$54

ACT:Details of GJUFGXQIG6 have been entered.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $54.

SYS:Ok, the shirt has been refunded to the credit card on file with your account

USR:Thank you

SYS:Of course

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:that is all for today. thanks for your help

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

USR:ok

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I changed my mind about my recent purchase. Can I return it and get a refund?

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:thanks Crystal. Give me a second.

USR:sure

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Can you please let me have your username, email address and Order ID to validate this purchase?

USR:Username: cminh709

USR:cminh709@email.com

USR:Order ID: 2316602133

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Perfect.

SYS:How would you like your refund?

USR:back to my card please

SYS:Can I have your account ID to proceed?

USR:FHB34ROAFE

ACT:Details of FHB34ROAFE have been entered.

SYS:thanks Crystal.

SYS:Can you let me know the amount to be refunded?

USR:$69

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $69.

SYS:A refund has been made to your account.

SYS: is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Thanks

USR:That's all

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi.  How can I help you?

USR:I want to return an item as it is the wrong color

SYS:Ok, what item is it?

USR:a tommy hilfiger shirt

SYS:Can you tell me your name, your username, your email address, and the order ID for this item?

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:cm275867@email.com cm275867 5160926919

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:Guest

USR:i bought it 2020-02-29

SYS:Do you have a receipt?

USR:I do yes

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:Ok, can you tell me your address so we can print a shipping label?

USR:0213 Woodshore St  La Fayette, MI 91969

ACT:Details of 0213 Woodshore St La Fayette, MI 91969 have been entered.

SYS:Would you like to return it by mail, in a store, or at a drop-off center?

USR:mail is fine

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Ok, your return is processing

SYS:You can print the shipping label and send it by mail

USR:thanks

SYS:Of course

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:thats all

SYS:Ok, I'll end this chat now

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrads, How may I help?

USR:Hi I am wondering wha't wrong with the site? It's really slow.

SYS:Ok. Let me help you.

SYS:I just checked, and it is slow.

SYS:Let me make a note of that.

USR:ok thanks

ACT:The website team has been notified.

SYS:I have just sent a request to our website team to look into it.

USR:Do you have any suggestions on how to fix it now.

SYS:It will be a little while. I apologize.

SYS:The website team is on it. Please refresh your browser in ten minutes.

SYS:Anything else I can help wih?

SYS:with?

USR:So no other suggestions?

SYS:No. It is an internal issue and will take a few moments for our team to resolve. Sorry.

USR:ok

SYS:Anything else I can assist with?

USR:no

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi there

USR:Ive found these calvin klein boots and i want to know if they come in different styles or colors before i buy it

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your  name please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:thanks Alessandro.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:give me a second.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:no prob

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other2) was selected.

SYS: We use very high-end leather for the boots and 90% of them are black.

USR:So not much variety? thats ok i like these

SYS:Yes, our purchasing team has decided to use black because they have deemed to be more stylish for this season.

USR:Sounds good to me im going to go get them now

USR:Thanks for your help

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi ho can I help you

USR:Hi I have a question regarding my account

USR:I saw this shirt I really want but even though I added it to my cart I still don't see it

USR:I must have added it like 10 times

USR:and it still doesnt' show up

SYS:Ok let me see about that

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Ok can you try logging out and back in again

USR:I did that and it didn't work

USR:is there something going on with your system?

SYS:No problems I'm aware of

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Ok look at the bottom left hand side of the product page

SYS:doe it indicate out of stock?

USR:ok let me get back to that page

USR:oh no! it's out of stock :(

SYS:Ok that's the problem right there

SYS:Sorry about the inconvenience

USR:I guess I was too slow

SYS:Anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that was it

USR:unless you can get more in stock lok

USR:lol

SYS:Sorry no. Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi I need the status of my order

SYS:Hello, can you provide more information. Are you wanting to know the shipment status?

USR:I need to change the date

SYS:Are you wanting to upgrade or downgrade the shipping?

USR:The delivery time is wrong I need to downgrade so it gets here later

SYS:Can I get your full name or Account ID please?

USR:SQQLAES03K

ACT:Account has been pulled up for SQQLAES03K.

SYS:Thank you. Can you also provide your full name and Order ID so I can pull up the order?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

USR:3676985375

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:What is the shipping status on the order?

USR:: Order Received

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Thank you! What is your membership level?

USR:Bronze

SYS:Thank you for your loyalty, I can delay shipment with no problem.

ACT:Order has been updated with next week.

SYS:I was able to delay the shipment for you. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:I completed a return but the charge on my billing statement hasn't been removed

SYS:I will be glad to look into that for you

SYS:What is your full name?

USR:chloe zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for chloe zhang.

SYS:Thank you do you have your account id and order id also

USR:yes

USR:my order id is 0473636191

SYS:do you have your account id

USR:yes it's 339928

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you. Your account has been verified.

SYS:Do you remember what you returned

USR:yes

USR:it was a michael kors shirt

SYS:How long ago did you refund it

USR:hm

USR:maybe 2 weeks

ACT:A reason of 14 has been recorded.

ACT:Order has been updated with give credit.

USR:great

SYS:Thank you for all the information.  Since it has been past 7 days, I was able to reprocess the credit to your account

SYS:Is there anything else I can assist you with?

USR:ok

USR:No, that's it

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I think there has been a subscription added to my account

USR:I'm not sure why but i do not want it.

USR:It's too expensive and do not need it.

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang

SYS:One moment please.

USR:ok

SYS:I want to make sure I help you the best way possible. For clarification purposes, are you saying a service was mistakenly added to your account and you would like it removed?

USR:Yes

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Do you mind telling me how you discovered this issue?

USR:I heard some news that it had been on my account

ACT:A reason of news has been recorded.

SYS:Alright, I will check the system to see if an error has occurred.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:The system says that no service has been added.

USR:Ok

SYS:There is nothing to worry about and no additional charges have been made.

SYS:Will that be all for today?

USR:Ah ok i see.

USR:That is all!

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I want to check the status of my order because an extra fee seems to have been added for no reason

SYS:May I have your full name and the account ID?

USR:Norman Bouchard

USR:Account ID: ZQE23M9R0A

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:And may I have the order ID please?

USR:4980794181

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. Let me check the order for you...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:thank you

SYS:Yes, I apologize, you were mistakenly charged with an extra fee.

USR:Can you please remove this fee

SYS:Yes, what was the amount of the fee?

USR:9.99

ACT:Order has been updated with .

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $9.99.

USR:Thank you for you help!

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience and I hope you will still shop with AcmeBrands.

USR:Thank you and I will!

SYS:Is there anything else i can assist you with?

USR:No that is all

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Hello. I need to check my account for more info. I can't seem to remember my password though.

SYS:Oh no I'm sorry to hear that

SYS:I'd be more than happy to help.

SYS:Can I get your full name please?

USR:yes, it's Crystal Minh.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Great. I appreciate it. Can I get your username as well please?

USR:i don't know that either.

SYS:Okay can you provide your zip code and phone number instead?

USR:my zip code is 72283 and my phone number is 394-960-1538

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Awesome

SYS:Your username is CMinh1

USR:ok thank you

ACT:Details of CMinh1 have been entered.

SYS:Although I cannot retreive your old password I can generate you a new one

USR:ok that will work

SYS:Can you please provide me with your pin or the answer to your security question?

USR:the security answer is singh

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Great. Your new password is yo63p8ts4i

USR:great, thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that is it

SYS:have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I have a question about my account. I signed up for the premium subscription but I just checked my account and I've been charged twice for it!

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that. I will do my best to resolve your issue.

SYS:Can I please have your full name, account ID, and order ID?

USR:ok

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:GQ821UUFOO

USR:4336830962

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

SYS:Can you please tell me your membership level?

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:Can you please tell me the amount of the extra charge on your bill?

USR:40

SYS:Please give me one moment to review your account.

USR:ok

SYS:Upon reviewing your account, I've determined that you were charged an additional amount because you had a subscription fee that was past due.

USR:what? that makes no sense

SYS:In this case, the extra charge is valid and I am not authorized to give you a refund. I am sorry.

USR:I paid the subscription last year

USR:no no no that's not right

SYS:Our records show that you upgraded your subscription to a family-share plan last month.

USR:I thought that was included in my subcription?

SYS:As a one time courtesy, I can offer you a refund of $10.

USR:alright. go ahead and I have to look that more closely

SYS:Family-share plans cost an extra fee per month.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $10.

USR:can you switch me back to the regular premiuim subscription?

SYS:I've successfully processed your $10 refund.

SYS:Yes, your plan will automatically revert to the regular plan next month.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that's it

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I want to verify my membership status.

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

USR:Account ID: OOPFXEWYU4

SYS:thanks Alessandro.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:I want to make sure my status is active and current. I have silver

SYS:No problem. Can you please let me know your  Order ID to verify your identity?

USR:Order ID: 2962133456

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. Your identity has been verified.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your status is not active and there is an amount of $49  due today.

USR:Can I pay that on the card you have on file now?

SYS:I can provide a link to you so you can look this up in the future.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:ok.

SYS:Do you still want me to pay it for you now?

USR:please.

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

ACT:Order has been updated with renew subscription.

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:Your amount due has been paid.

SYS: Do you have a username to login to the link in future?

USR:Yes, I am set now, thanks, goodbye.

SYS:have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:My wife told me to check on our account because she thought she saw a subscription added to it but we didn't sign up for a subscription.

SYS:Sure I can help with that. Can I get your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

SYS:Let me check with our system and see if everything is accurate.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Okay it does look like a service was added to the account that was not supposed to be. Let me take care of that for you.

ACT:Account has been updated with remove service.

SYS:Okay that service has been removed. I can also offer you a refund for that.

USR:Thanks so much. yes please

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

SYS:I apologize for that error. Is there anything else that I can assist you with today?

USR:No, that's all I needed. Thanks a lot

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi! I would like to check the status of my order

USR:I am sorry order refund

SYS:I would happy to help. Do you need to check on a refund status?

USR:Yes

SYS:May I have your full name or account id?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you may I please have your username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:crystalminh433

USR:crystalminh433@email.com

USR:2364768543

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank Crystal. Your refund is still in progress should be completed soon and it looks like the payment method was initiated online.

SYS:Did you have anymore questions for me today?

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

SYS:If there is no more questions. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:Hi! I am leaving on a ski trip tomorrow but I realized I have NOTHING to wear! I need to shop ASAP and I need my new stuff before I leave. How much would overnight shipping cost?

SYS:Oh how fun!  I can look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Okay, great.

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question3) was selected.

SYS:So, for items 5 pounds and under it is $39.99.  10 pounds or less is $54.99, and all items over 10 pounds ship for $69.99.

USR:That sounds fair.

SYS:Do you live in Alaska or Hawaii?

USR:No, in Michigan.

SYS:Okay, great.  There's an extra charge for those folks.

USR:I lucked out!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:No, that's everything. Time to shop!

SYS:Have a safe trip and have fun shopping!

USR:Thanks!

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:I had a return that I sent in a few weeks ago, but the fee is still showing up on mjy bill

SYS:Ok

SYS:Let me help you with that.

USR:ok

USR:are you still there?

SYS:yes

SYS:Sorry for the delay

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Could I have your username, email address and order id to validate your purchase?

USR:normanb3

USR:normanb3@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4976512202

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you

SYS:It looks like the refund is still in progress and the refund was initiated online.

USR:ok

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no, that covers it thansk

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>USR:How often jeans need to be washed?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how2) was selected.

SYS:If you wear them normally, you should be washing them about once a week. This is assuming you wear them two or three times a week.

USR:thanks

SYS:You're welcome, is there anything else you want to know today?

USR:no

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:I need to know about the fabric on one of your coats.

SYS:I can look up some information for you. May I ask who I am speaking with today?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:This is Crystal Minh.

SYS:Were you wanting to know what material the coats were made of Crystal?

USR:I need to know how to remove a stain from the fabric safely.

SYS:Sure, I can give you some information on that.

USR:great

SYS:To start, wet a cotton cloth and dab at the stain. Then sprinkle some salt on it and it sit for at least 5 minutes. Then pour some boiling water on the area to flush out the stain.

SYS:After that, launder on the hottest setting. Either line dry or use low heat to dry the jacket.

SYS:This has proven to work great for getting stains out of our coats!

SYS:Did that answer your question Crystal?

SYS:Are you still there?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how are you doing today?

USR:Hi! I was trying to purchase an item and tried enterting the promo code

USR:however the promo code is coming up as invalid

USR:I just got this code 2 days ago

SYS:I apologize for the inconvenience, can I have you name so I can look further into this for you?

USR: Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Thank you. Also, what is your membership level?

USR:silver

ACT:Membership level of silver has been noted.

SYS:Great, let me get a new code for you!

USR:Thank you

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is the new code 5Z0A9. Again, I apologize. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thats all. Appreciate your help

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hello, I have a question about a particular boot

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:For the boots by Tommy_Hilfiger that cost $89, how would I remove gum from the sole

SYS:It's pretty easy, thankfully! First you want to get a glob of peanut butter on a butter knife and rub it over the gum. Let it sit for 10 or 15 minutes, depending how how soft the gum was to start with.

SYS:Once the gum kind of melds with the peanut butter, scrape it off. Then clean your shoe with soap and water to get rid of any remaining peanut butter or gum.

USR:Do you have any alternate methods if I do not have peanut butter?

SYS:Peanut butter is the only method that would not void the warranty, I'm sorry.

USR:Okay, thank you.

USR:Those are all the questions I have.

SYS:Okay. Have a wonderful day!

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how3) was selected.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Joseph Banter.  My Order ID is 1702872652.  I placed my order 9 days ago and still have not received it.  What is the shipping status?

SYS:Give me a minute and I will look into this for you.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Can I have the ud=sername and email address for the account

SYS:username

USR:My Username is jbanter4 and my email address is jbanter4@email.com.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Can you see what the shipping statu says on your account?

USR:No I cannot see the shipping status.

SYS:The delivery is out for delivery and should be delivered by the end of the day

USR:Ok great.  Thank you!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how may I help?

USR:Hello I saw an item that was cheaper yesterday. whats the problem?

ACT:A reason of yesterday has been recorded.

SYS:Let's find out, may I have your full name, account AND order ID to verify?

USR:Account ID: 8LNKFIFJQP

USR:Order ID: 5263070512

SYS:Full name?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, Joseph. I'm sorry, but our site uses an advanced algorithm to change prices. I cannot alter them.

USR:okay thanks

SYS:No problem, sorry. Anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no

SYS:Have a good one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi. I think that I didn't get the discounts afforded to me with a premium account.  Can I get a premium account, and those discounts?

SYS:OK. Let me check.

SYS:May I have your full name and account ID

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:I don't have my account id

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Ok. I have pulled up your account

SYS:You want to know about premium accounts?

USR:yes, can I have one?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question2) was selected.

SYS:You cannot purchase a membership.

SYS:It is earned through repeat purchases

USR:ahhh. ok, how does it work?

SYS:500 dollars or more is bronze

SYS:in last year

SYS:1000 silver

SYS:2000 in last year is gold

SYS:Hope this helps.

USR:ok, so i have some spending to do lol

SYS:LOL

SYS:Anything else?

USR:nope, that is it

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:Yes i was trying to lool up and view my shopping history and can't access my account

USR:because i forgot my password

SYS:Sure I can help you reset your password.

USR:okay great

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please

USR:yes its Alessandro Phoenix and my account id is 1348AS45

SYS:Thank you Alessandro.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Ok I was able to pull up your account. Can I have your user name please

USR:yes its alessandrophoenix072

ACT:Details of alessandrophoenix072 have been entered.

SYS:Ok. I can't retrieve your old password, but I can generate a new one for you.

USR:ok

SYS:Do you have your pin number?

USR:yes its 4321

SYS:Thank you Alessandro.

USR:welcome

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Here is your new password: dvmg7cm2qhr

USR:thank you so much

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that will be all

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. This is Danny from ACME. How may I assist you today?

USR:Hi, I am thinking about buy the Michael Kors boots and I want to know if they have a warranty.

SYS:Sure. No problem.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:All of our boots have a warranty of 12 months with us. However, this is only for defects in the product, not daily wear and tears.

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other4) was selected.

USR:Cool, thanks

SYS:Is there any other questions I can answer for you?

USR:No, that was it

SYS:Then have a wonderful day! Thank you for being an ACME customer!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, i would like to know the price of gift wrapping because i would like to buy some boots

SYS:sure I  can help you with that

SYS:hang on for a sec

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:The gift wrapping costs a fixed price of $4.99 per item

SYS:but be aware that it's dependent on the item size

USR:well, its a pair of boots?

SYS:do you know the size?

SYS:if that's larger than 32 than it's gonna be a bit more expensive

USR:well, i'm a size 10

USR:so that should be fine

SYS:oh ok

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question1) was selected.

SYS:then that's gonna be 4.99

SYS:is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:ok, great, seems reasonable

USR:no, that's it

SYS:have a nice day then!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hello, I would like to know about international shipping.

USR:I would like to see if my membership allows for free shipping

SYS:OK. Let me check, one moment.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thanks, I have pulled up your account. Let me check with the system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:Ok thanks

SYS:Your account does not offer free international shipping. Anything else I can help with today?

USR:Ok thanks

USR:that is all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I assist you?

USR:I keep trying to search for this Michael Kors jacket, but it keeps giving me 0 results.

USR:I know you have to have it somewhere. It doesn't pull anything up, not even to say it's out of stock. Something's not right.

SYS:There are a few things we can try to clear things up. First, can you search for something else? Try searching for Guess jeans and see what happens.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just tried to do that. 0 results again. It's not even cute anymore.

USR:Is it an April Fool's joke that's late?

SYS:I hope not! There are still some other things we can try. Do you know how to clear your cookies?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:No, how do you do that?

SYS:Go to your browser settings and select "More Details". There will be a button to clear your cookies there.

USR:Ugh, I did it and it made me log in again and I had to look up my password because it's not automatically saved.

USR:Still same thing, 0 results.

SYS:I'm sorry about that. I'll write a report for the website team so they can fix it. One moment while I send it.

ACT:The website team has been notified.

USR:Thanks. How long do I need to wait? It better not be sold out by the time it gets fixed!

SYS:It depends on how soon they read the report. If you like, I can make your purchase for you.

USR:Ok, that will work.

SYS:What is the credit card number you would like to use?

USR:5555 1234 6789 4810

SYS:And the expiration date?

USR:12/21

SYS:Thanks! It was the Michael Kors jacket you wanted, correct?

USR:Yes, in black.

ACT:A purchase of Michael Kors jacket was made.

SYS:Okay. It has been ordered and will be shipped shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No, that's it for now. Hope your IT team gets on it. Have a good day.

SYS:I hope so too! Enjoy your new jacket.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:I just wanted to get some more information about my order. I can't access my account because I forgot my password.

SYS:Okay.May I have your full name and account ID?

USR:My name is Joyce Wu and my Account ID is 975076

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Joyce what would you like to know?

USR:How can I get into my account if I forgot my password?

SYS:I can help you reset your password.

SYS:What is your username?

USR:My username is jwu89621

ACT:Details of jwu89621 have been entered.

SYS:I am unable to get your old password, but I can create a new password for you. Is that okay?

USR:That's fine!

SYS:May I have your pin number?

USR:My Pin number is 975076

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:v1jj0yltly

SYS:You can use that password to log into your account.

USR:Great, thank you!!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help today?

USR:Hi!

USR:I can access my account

USR:I mean can't

SYS:I see, do you remember your username and password?

USR:Actually, I don't remember my username.

SYS:Okay, so you can't access the account because you don't have the username, is that right?

USR:That's right

SYS:It's not a problem with resetting two-factor authentication then, right?

USR:I don't tink so. I just forgot my username.

USR:I need to retrieve it

SYS:Okay, just checking. Could I get your name or account ID?

USR:Sure, My name is Chloe Zhang and unfortunately, I don't remember my id either.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:That should be okay.

USR:Thanks

SYS:Could I have your ZIP code and phone number please?

USR:sure, my zip code os 87995 and phone number is 663-799-5342

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you.

USR:You are welcome

SYS:Your new username is: czhang1

USR:Thanks

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:That's all for today. I appreciate your help.

SYS:Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeBrand. How may I help you?

USR:I ordered a shirt but I wanted to upgrade to overnight delivery so I can get it as soon as possible. Can you help me?

SYS:Sure, I'll see what I can do to help with that.

SYS:Could you please give me your full name so I can pull up your account?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you Joseph. Could I also have your Account ID and Order ID so I can pull up the order?

USR:Order ID: 1505577533

USR:Account ID: QRBWGT6K4E

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, I was able to find the order. Could you tell me what the shipping status is please?

USR:You have received the order.

SYS:It looks like the package was labeled as delivered a little prematurely but that means it will likely arrive today so theres no need to do the upgrade.

USR:OK. Thanks.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with?

SYS:Oh wait I'm sorry

USR:No, thanks.

SYS:I missread that.

SYS:Order Received was the status so we can go ahead and get it upgraded.

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Can I have your membership level please?

USR:gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Great I'll be able to upgrade the shipping for you free of charge

ACT:Order has been updated with tommorrow.

SYS:Alright you're all set and should receive your oder tomorrow. Sorry about the confusion.

USR:OK. Thank you

SYS:Take care and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I assist you?

USR:Yes I ordered an item and it is the wrong size.

SYS:Okay. May I have your full name?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Thank you. After I validate your purchase, we can find out whether it can be returned. May I have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:Username: josephbanter431

USR:Email Address: josephbanter431@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4615591473

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks! What is your membership level?

USR:Member Level: Guest

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:When did you buy the item?

USR:Purchase Date: 2019-09-24

SYS:Do you still have the receipt?

USR:Yes

SYS:Great, that means you can return the item even though it has been more than 30 days since purchasing. May I have your full address?

USR:5910 2nd Ave  San Mateo, CA 36575

ACT:Details of 5910 2nd Ave San Mateo, CA 36575 have been entered.

SYS:How would you like your return to be processed?

USR:What do you mean by that?

SYS:Would you like to return it via mail, in a store, or at a drop off center?

USR:mail

ACT:Order has been updated with By Mail.

SYS:Okay. You will receive a shipping label soon to send it back. Is there anything else you need today?

USR:No that's it

SYS:Okay, then, have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Yes.  I have your XYZ promo code and want to know when it expires.    I'm hoping it will still be good during your spring sale!

SYS:Ok. I should be able to help. One moment please

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

SYS:Ok

SYS:The promo code will expire 7 days after it was issued to you...

SYS:the expiration date is printed in small font somewhere towards the bottom of the paper

SYS:Does that help?

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question4) was selected.

USR:Sorry I did not see it.

SYS:No problem

SYS:thats why we are here!

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:No but I am disappointed it will not be good for the sale where i wanted to buy a coat.

SYS:Also you can use the promo code on anything in store, except jewelry.

SYS:If you are a gold member, they will give you another code when that one expires

USR:Unfortunately I am a Bronze member.

SYS:I understand, they may still extend a code for you. The code probably won't work on items that already have a lowered sale price though

USR:OK.

SYS:Can I help with anything else today?

USR:Not today.  thanks!

SYS:You're welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, can I help you with anything today?

USR:just inquiring about my status of my subscription

SYS:What is your name?

USR:Joseph

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:It seems that you are all paid up for this period.  You owe $0 three days from now.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Am i?

USR:When does my subscription expire?

USR:so that i know when i have to pay my annual dues

SYS:One moment please.

ACT:Membership level of Joseph Banter has been noted.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:I'm sorry, I was incorrect before.  You owe $49 today.

USR:Ok thanks.

SYS:Is there anything else?

USR:$49 is for my annual dues?

SYS:Due today according to your subscription status.

SYS:I can send  you to another team if you have further questions.

ACT:The Joseph Banter has been notified.

USR:Thank you. no i will pay it today. i want to keep my subscriptions and all its benefits

SYS:Thanks for being a great customer!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi there, I made a return recently, and I'm still seeing here that on my billing statement, it hasn't been reversed yet.  I wanted to check and see why.

SYS:I would happy to look into this for you. Have you already returned the item?

USR:Yes.  It has already been returned.

SYS:May I have your full name or account id please?

USR:Sure.  My name is Joyce Wu.  I have an order ID and username, but I can't seem to find my account ID, would you prefer one of those?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Thank you Joyce I need both your order id, username, and email address?

USR:Sure.  Coming right up.  My order ID is 0201790095.  My username is jw178664.  My e-mail address is jw178664@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, how many days have you waited for your refund?

USR:It's been about 4 days now but the charge still hasn't been reversed yet.

ACT:A reason of 4 has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your membership level please?

USR:It's Gold.

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Great. I am to give the credit, how much was the refund?

USR:The jacket I purchased was $64.

ACT:Order has been updated with 64.

SYS:I went ahead and credited the refund back to you. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No that's all, but thank you very much!

SYS:You are welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thanks for choosing AcmeBrands! What can I do for you?

USR:Hi! I am interested in buying some boots, but I had a question

SYS:Sure! What can I answer for you?

USR:I am looking at Tommy Hilfiger boots. Are the laces on the boots black or a dark brown?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other2) was selected.

SYS:90% of our boots are black, and the laces are also black.

SYS:Some of our boots are dark brown, but, as far as I know, the laces will still be black.

SYS:Can I answer anything else for you today?

USR:So the laces on the Tommy Hilfiger boots should be black?

SYS:Correct.

USR:OK great, thanks! That is all

SYS:You're welcome, have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! how may I help today?

USR:Hi, can you let me know when my subscription service expires?

SYS:Sure! Can I have your name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Can I have your account id and order id

USR:DXRDC2ZV0A

USR:4927277631

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Thank you! I see that your payment was due yesterday

USR:oh no!

USR:how can i pay it

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:You can use that link I just sent to make a payment

USR:oh perfect

SYS:Does that answer all your questions today?

USR:I will pay it right now

USR:yes

SYS:Thank you for contacting us! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I would like to upgrade my order to overnight delivery please

SYS:Sure I can help with that

USR:I kind of need it asap

SYS:Can I have your name

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Can I have your account id and order id

USR:pzeieuj4fy

USR:7981174836

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Can I have your shipping status

USR:out for delivery

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

USR:does this mean I will receive it today?

SYS:I have great news! Since your order is out for delivery, you will receive it today?

SYS:Is there any other questions I can answer today

USR:Terrific

USR:no that was it

USR:thank you

SYS:You're Welcome! Have a great day

<|endoftext|>USR:I am a premium subscriber, and need to know when to renew.  I'm ready to pay for another year.

SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting us today.  I would be happy to look into this for you

SYS:Can I please start with your full name

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:UQK0ZES78G

SYS:Thank you for that information.  Give me a moment to pull up your account

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:yes

SYS:Can you also provide me with your order ID

USR:02493532283

USR:sorry, 0249353228

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:I have pulled up your account and I see that you have a payment due in three days

USR:I will pay because I want to remain subscribed.  Thank you.  Goodbye.

SYS:I am glad to hear you want to remain a loyal customer.  Have a great day. Good bye

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may i help you.

USR:Hello, I want to purchase something but my credit card keeps getting rejected

SYS:I will be happy to help you with this issue.

SYS:it seems like a troubleshooting issue.

SYS:Please try to re enter your card information sometimes we get a number on it wrong.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Tell me how that works for you.

USR:I did try that and still not working

SYS:Okay now try to log out and then log in again then re enter it.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Thanks! That seemed to work for me

SYS:Great, glad to hear that. Do you need anything else?

USR:That is all

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi i was going over some details about my membership. I couldnt find it but what does my level do for shipping

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:thanks.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Do you want to know the overall benefits or just for shipping?

SYS:and what is your membership level?

USR:Silver and yea what i can do with shipping like is it free for international or national?

SYS:got it.Give me a second.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Our system shows that your account does offer international shipping.

USR:Oh man ok

SYS:But silver members do not qualify for free shipping.

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:You can refer to the above link about your subscription services.

USR:Well thank you for the info

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello, I was wanting to know the status of my refund as I want to add an item and use the refund amount for it

SYS:certainly

SYS:what is your name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thanks. I also need your username, email & Order ID

USR:normanbouchard265, normanbouchard265@email.com, 6003156346

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Yes, I see that you started this refund in a phone call, and the system tells me that it is complete!

SYS:Go ahead & start spending!

USR:Ok great thanks

SYS:Is there anything else for you today?

USR:That is it

SYS:Have a good one! Come back soon!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I have ordered the wrong item

USR:and would like to change the shipping order

SYS:May I have your full name or the account ID?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:What is the shipping status of your order?

USR:Shipping Status: In Transit

ACT:Shipping status of  In Transit has been noted.

SYS:May I have your username, your e-mail address, and the order ID?

USR:Username: joycewu9

USR:Email Address: joycewu9@email.com

USR:Order ID: 8025249246

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Order has been updated with Change Order.

SYS:Ok, the change has been entered into our system. Since the item is in transit, please contact us again to begin the return process.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that will be eberything

USR:everything

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I'm trying to access my account but I seem to have forgotten my user name

SYS:Alright, so you just need your username so you can log on to your account?

USR:Yes, please

SYS:I can help you with that.

SYS:Can I please get your full name or Account ID?

USR:David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for .

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:To verify your identity can I get your zip code and phone number?

USR:35421 is my zip code.  my phone number is (058) 667-2160

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. I was able to verify your identity and your username is dwilliams1

USR:Great, let me try that out if you could hold on a second.

USR:That works!  Thanks for your help.  That's all I needed today.

SYS:Great! Thanks for contacting me today. You have a great day David!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I would like to purchase the Calvin Klein jeans but for some reason my cart isn't updating

SYS:Are you sure the item is in stock. The cart will not update for out-of-stock items.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:It's not saying out of stock

SYS:Can you refresh the webpage and try to add the item after that?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Still doesn't seem to be working

SYS:If that does not work try logging out of the site and logging back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:That seemed to work!  Thank you

SYS:Ok, great! Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:nope that is all

SYS:Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:HI I WOULD LIKE TO CHEKC ON THE STAUTS OF MY REFUND>

SYS:Sure thing, could you give me your name and/or account ID?

USR:aLESSANDRO pHOENIX

USR:3128863143

ACT:Account has been pulled up for 3128863143.

USR:i WOULD LIKE TO ADD  Shirt Brand: Guess Amount: $64

SYS:Sure, I can help with that. Can you give me your email address, username, and order ID?

USR:alessandrop734@email.com

USR:alessandrop734

USR: 3128863143

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, I have your purchase pulled up. I will go ahead and record your refund request.

ACT:A reason of Guess shirt has been recorded.

USR:i WOULD ALSO LIKE TO SEE IF I CNA INCLUDE THIS SHIRT

USR:CAN

SYS:You certainly can. I'll go ahead and add that to your refund right now.

USR:GIESS SHIRT AMOUNHT 64 DOLLARS

USR:GUESS SHIRT

USR:OK GEAT tHANK YOU !!

SYS:Thank you, one second while I enter it into the system.

USR:OK

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $64.

USR:OK THANK YOU

SYS:All done, is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:NO THATS IT

USR:THANK YOU

SYS:Great, thanks and have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:I am trying to buy a jacket, but my credit card keeps getting rejected. Can you help me?

SYS:Of course, to start could try make sure the card is not expired

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:No, it is a new card. I got is last week.

SYS:Okay, could you try logging out and in and trying again

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I tried that. It did not work.

SYS:Okay, let me make the purchase for you. Do you want me to use the card on file or is it a different card

USR:Use the card on file as long as you an get it to work!!!

ACT:Details of Make purchase have been entered.

USR:can get it to work. Sorry about the typos.

SYS:Okay sure,looks like there is an issue on our end since i was able to easily

SYS:is there anything else i can do for you

USR:No. That is all.

SYS:Okay, have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help?

USR:Hello and good day. I was wondering if your company does embroidery of names on clothing and such?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:We do! But the cost depends. Stitching costs 30 cents PER character for the first 15. 20 for the next 15, and 10 per any other ones.

USR:Is that per entire order or a single line of embroidery?

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

SYS:The entire order runs using that method.

USR:so if I have ten different items with the same basic name for each the price will be reduced for the characters after 30 characters regardless of how many garments I order?

SYS:Correct.

SYS:Anything else I may help you with today by chance?

USR:Hmm, no I don't think so, thank you so very much for explaining all of it to me.

SYS:No problem! Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can i help you today?

USR:Hello!

USR:I was interested in possibly purchasing the Michael Kors jeans I see for $49.

USR:Can you give me more information on it?

SYS:sure !

SYS:what would you like to know

USR:How do the jeans fit?

USR:Are they a smaller fit usually or a larger fit?

USR:And how often do they need to be washed?

USR:Hello

USR:Will that be helpful?

USR:To know about how the jeans are washed?

SYS:sorry about that

SYS:sure

SYS:lemt check

USR:Okay

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:???

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:They need to be washed once a week under normal wear.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how2) was selected.

USR:Okay, that is excellent!

SYS:do you need anything else?

USR:Nothing more

USR:Thank you for your help!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good morning, how can I help you?

USR:Good day!

USR:I was checking on my account for information about my order, but I forgot my username

SYS:don't worry, would you give me your full name or account ID

USR:Sure, my name is Sanya Afzal

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:additional to this you would give me your username

USR:I forgot it

SYS:ok no problem let's generate a new one for you.

USR:Alright

SYS:the would you give me your zipcode, phone number and email address

USR:My address is:

SYS:then*

USR:6076 Lexington Ave, Brighton, CA 21796

USR:Phone number is:

USR:(058) 663-6528

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:safzal1

SYS:here you go

SYS:now let's continue with your password

ACT:Details of safzal1 have been entered.

USR:Excellent

USR:Let me know the password to test with

SYS:I am going to generate a new one since the old one cannot be recovered, but before it would give me its pin number or answer to a security question for security measures.

USR:Okay

SYS:the name of your favorite food.

USR:Spaghetti

ACT:A password has been generated.

USR:Awesome

SYS:e22wvke26cf

SYS:all set !

SYS: a pleasure to help you

USR:Great

USR:That's excelelnt

SYS:I'm glad, have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, and how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I have a question about a product

SYS:Great, I'd love to help you with that. Could I get your name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

SYS:Hi Norman, what kind of question did you have

USR:What color are the laces of the Tommy Hilfiger boots

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:Let me look...

USR:Thanks

USR:Hello.

SYS:They are black because we use the best leather

USR:Great. Thanks

USR:That is all.

SYS:Thanks if thats everything, have a good day

<|endoftext|>USR:Howdy

SYS:Hello, thanks for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Can you tell me more about this jacket I'm interested in?

SYS:Sure! What would you like to know?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:So I saw this amazing Tommy Hilfiger jacket on your site

USR:It costs only $84 and it looks soooo cool

USR:I want to buy it

USR:but I have one concern

USR:I live on the road (traveling saleswoman)

USR:And I often lack access to a washing machine

USR:Do you know how often the jacket needs to be washed?

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how3) was selected.

SYS:Yes! If you are going to wear it regularly, plan on washing it at least twice each season it is worn. If it's a jacket you'll only wear every once in a while, once a season is fine.

USR:So, like, if I wear it on all my sales calls this spring

USR:I should wash it twice during the spring?

SYS:Exactly!

USR:Oh great

USR:I can probably manage that while traveling

SYS:Great! Is there anything else you need?

USR:no that's it

USR:thank you!!

SYS:You're welcome! Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:Hello there!!!

USR:Nice to talk to you :)

USR:I forgot my username

USR:I want to get into my account to see my shopping history

USR:but i can't

USR:can you help me

SYS:Yes of course, Could i get your Full Name Zip Code Phone Number and Address Listed on the account please

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:83790

USR:(745) 002-5556

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:7756 Lexington Ave  Brighton, WA 83790

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

USR:I remember all of those!

USR:Just not my username

SYS:Okay your Username is asanders1

USR:oh great

SYS:Is there anything else i can help you with today?

USR:I will try to log in right now

USR:Can you wait while I try?

SYS:Of course

USR:I just logged in

USR:thanks

USR:you're a life saver

SYS:No Problem i'm glad i can help, have a nice day

USR:you also

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I have the premium subscription and I need to pay for it so I don't lose it!

SYS:Oh no! Can I please have your full name or account ID?

USR:Sure don't want to miss out on all those perks!

SYS:Absolutely!

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:Account ID: YP9JPQOIVX

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:and the order ID please.

USR:2469985511

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:How much do you want to pay today?

SYS:The standard subscription is $99

USR:All of it please.

ACT:Details of 99 have been entered.

SYS:Great, now I am going to need your credit card number.

USR:Can you use the one on file?

SYS:Absolutely!

USR:Perfect!

ACT:Account has been updated with renew subscription.

SYS:I have successfully renewed your subscription. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:That was it. Thanks for all your help.

SYS:Great, we appreciate your business with AcmeCorp and have a good day!

USR:You too.

SYS:I appreciate it.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, can I help you?

USR:I want to buy something but my credit card keeps getting rejected

SYS:Ok, I can help with that

USR:Ok, thanks

USR:How are you going to help?

SYS:Can you try entering your credit card number again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:IT keeps saying that it is invalid

SYS:Try logging out of your account and logging back in and see if it works then

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:Ok, I did that. It still doesn't work. Bummer

SYS:What's the expiration date on your card?

USR:1/1/2024

ACT:Details of 1/1/2024 have been entered.

SYS:Ok, If you give me your credit card number I'll make the purchase for you

USR:123445566789

SYS:What is the product you're trying to purchase?

USR:Tommy_Hilfiger Shirt

ACT:A purchase of Tommy_Hilfiger Shirt was made.

SYS:Ok, the purchase is made

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Ok, thanks.

USR:No, that is it.

SYS:Ok, I'll end the conversation now

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:Hey, I bought a promotional package and I'm missing $40 in credits.

SYS:Did you make a return and the credit is missing from your statement?

USR:I didn't make a return

USR:I bought a package

SYS:What is the missing credit for?

USR:I bought boots that came with a $40 promotional credit

USR:Can you check my account? Albert Sanders. I'm silver level

SYS:Okay, I understand, Albert. Give me one moment.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:A reason of promotional package has been recorded.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I've researched your order and it appears that there is a problem with the customer interface online. Please log out and then log back in to see if the credit appears.

USR:Figures! Alright that makes sense. Thanks for looking out.

SYS:No problem. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:That's it. Bye!

SYS:Have a great day! Bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:I was wanting to get more information on my subscription, I think I'm in danger of losing it.

USR:I need to know how much more I owe on it.

SYS:Oh no! Let me help you.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Account ID: DQJTS9CXCZ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for DQJTS9CXCZ.

SYS:THank you!

SYS:You are wondering your due amount?

USR:Yes please

SYS:Okay!

SYS:May i have your full name and order ID please?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:0354918937

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you!

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is due three days from now

SYS:And it is $49.

USR:May i go ahead and pay that now please.

SYS:Of course.

SYS:Would you like to use the credit card we already have on file?

USR:Yes, that's fine

ACT:Details of $49 have been entered.

SYS:It has been paid. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No that is all. Thanks for your help!

SYS:Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:I wanna check the status of my account cause my subscription was removed from my account

USR:I need help

USR:hello?

SYS:Hi, sorry

SYS:I can do that for you.

SYS:Can I please get your full name or account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

USR:I dont have an ID handy

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:That's fine. How did you find out about your subscription removal?

USR:from spouse

ACT:A reason of spouse has been recorded.

SYS:I'll check the system to see how this happened.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:okay

SYS:Good news, our system says your subscription is still active!

USR:cool thanks

SYS:Can you see the subscription on your account now?

USR:yes

USR:thats all I need bye

SYS:Great, thank you!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme.  How may I help you today?

USR:I should have a refund on my account and I want to check on that then I need to return a shirt and get refund on that also

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that.

SYS:I should probably be able to add that shirt to your existing refund

USR:Thank you

SYS:Okay, may I just gather some information from you, so that I can verify your account details?

SYS:I'll need your full name, user name, email address, and the Order ID of the item that you wish to return

USR:Albert Sanders

USR:as470662

USR:as470662@email.com

USR:5158821113

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:There we are, I can see your existing refund now.  Everything seems to be in order, so I can go ahead and add the new item to it

SYS:May I ask which brand of shirt you wished to return, and its price?

USR:The Michael Kors shirt and it's $74

ACT:A reason of Michael Kors Shirt has been recorded.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

SYS:Okay, that refund has been added to your account.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Nope that's all.  Thank you

SYS:Excellent.  Have a great day Mr. Sanders

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, Thank you for reaching out to us today, How may I help you?

USR:I feel kind of stupid. Somehow I managed to forget my username.

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that and no need ot be hard on yourself, it happens sometimes.Let's get your username recovered for you!

USR:OK

SYS:Could I have your Full name first so I can pull up your account?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Great thank you. To verify your identity I'll need a 2 of the following pieces of information.

SYS:Zip code, Phone number or Email Address.

USR:My zip code is 44403

USR:And my phone number is 688-779-2770

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Great, everything looks good, one second while I get your username.

USR:thanks

SYS:Alright, your username is: nbouchard1

SYS:Was there anything else I could help with today?

USR:That was easy! I'll try to log in now

USR:Yup, that works

SYS:great!

SYS:Could I assist you with anything else?

USR:I think that's it for today.

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us Norman. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:welcome! how can I help you?

USR:Hi! I bought a pair of jeans just now. I though I will be needing it tomorrow but looks like we are going to stay at home for the week.

USR:So can I move the shipping to next week delivery

USR:I am not in a hurry to get the item

SYS:i understand. let me check

SYS:what is your name please?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:so are you hoping to save on shipping fees?

USR:yes.

SYS:i get it. I need your account & order ID please?

SYS:and the shipping status

USR:Account ID: ZSVEAKEP8P

USR:Order ID: 5118775340

USR:it is delivered

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:sorry, can't help you there..what is your membership level please?

USR:guest

USR:ohcan you do something?

SYS:since it has already shipped, it is out of our hands

USR:oh.. Ok then

SYS:apologies

USR:It's ok

SYS:next time, if you can ask us a bit sooner, we would be happy to help with that.

USR:Ok. good to know

SYS:is there anything else?

USR:I am good now

USR:Thanks

SYS:ok. hope you stay well!

<|endoftext|>SYS:how may i be of assistance?

USR:I think the payment method on my last order was wrong. Are you able to check the status?

SYS:i see, so you would like to change the payment method on your order, i can help with that

SYS:first i need your full name and account id to pull up the account

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:also i will need the order id to pull up the shipment

USR:W4SJ07SBAT

USR:9690843604

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:thank you

SYS:and what is the shipping status of the order currently?

USR:I think it's out for delivery already

ACT:Shipping status of out for delivery has been noted.

SYS:ok, i can change the payment method, however it will only apply to future orders, since it is already out for delivery

SYS:would you still want to change the payment method considering this

USR:Oh, okay.

USR:What is the current method on file, do you know? I wanted to use my credit card for my orders.

SYS:it looks like a credit card, the default payment one on the account

SYS:if you had a different card, i can change it to that for the future if you like

SYS:as stated earlier

SYS:if not, no big deal

USR:I'll have to change it myself because I don't have the number on me right now.

USR:But I appreciate your help!

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with?

USR:No, that is all.

SYS:have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:hello

USR:i wanted to know why the calvin klein jacket, the one that's $79, is so expensive on your site compared to other sites :/

SYS:Okay, let me check into that for you.

SYS:Can I get your full name please?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your Account ID and your Order ID?

USR:Order ID: 2810130604

USR:Account ID: OM6RMCHPFK

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Ms. Wu, I apologize for the issue.  Sometimes our prices change, and it's usually due to an algorithm in our system.

USR:alrighty.  anything you can do about the price difference?

SYS:I can give you a promo code to use that will hopefully make the price more acceptable.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:ok

SYS:0UK4M

USR:thanks

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:that's it, thanks

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>USR:hi

SYS:Hi! How may I help you?

USR:i want more details about jeans

SYS:Sure, give me one moment.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

SYS:Is there anything specific you'd like to know?

USR:this is cloth color is fated  or not fated

SYS:The jeans come in a variety of fades and colors. You can get jeans that are really faded or not faded at all.

SYS:Does that answer your question?

USR:yes

SYS:Great! Can I help you with anything else?

USR:no

USR:thank you

SYS:I'll go ahead and end the chat, then. Thank you so much for shopping with us!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for shopping with AcmeCorp! How may I help you?

USR:Hello!

USR:My name is Joseph Banter

USR:I want to change my name on my account it is not spelled right!

SYS:Sure, I can do that. Is Joseph Banter the correct spelling or the incorrect spelling?

USR:Yes it is correct

USR:It currently is spelt Joesph Banter

SYS:Thank you. Let me pull up your account.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Josesph Banter.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joesph Banter.

ACT:A reason of Joesph Banter has been recorded.

SYS:Okay, now I will need a few pieces of information from you. May I have your zip code, phone number, and PIN?

USR:1788

USR:(520) 524-9616

USR:441875

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:I was able to verify your identity. To double check, the correct spelling of your name is Joseph Banter, correct?

USR:Yes that is correct

ACT:Account has been updated with Joseph Banter.

SYS:Your account has been updated with the correct spelling. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:Ok thanks! That's all.

SYS:You're welcome! Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:What can I do for you today?

USR:I'm trying to login to my account, but I can't access it because I lost the phone that is set up for 2 factor authentication

SYS:Okay, can I have your name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:And your email address?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

USR:chloez94@email.com

ACT:Details of chloez94@email.com have been entered.

SYS:You will get an email that will allow you to log in

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Ok great.

USR:That's all.  Thanks.

SYS:Have a good day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I be of assistance to you today?

USR:Hi, I recently received my order and my husband doesn't like the jeans, so I want to return those.

SYS:No problem, I can help with that! Do the jeans have any defects?

USR:It's actually out for delivery I saw online, but I showed them to him online. Is there anything that can be done about this situation?

USR:There are no defects, he just doesn't like the look.

SYS:To get started initiating a return, can I get your full name or account ID?

USR:Sure, it is Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you Chloe! Can I get your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:User name ChloeZ, email is czhang@email.com and order ID is 9605836271.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Alright Chloe, I have confirmed your purchase. How would you like to receive your refund? Would you like a direct refund to your credit card?

USR:Yes, that would be great!

ACT:A reason of Don't like the jeans has been recorded.

SYS:Can I have you confirm the purchase amount and credit card number?

USR:Purchase amount was $49 and the card is 8410000000001111.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $49.

SYS:Thank you for that information! Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No that was all I needed, thanks for your help!

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi. Thanks for contacting customer support, how may I help you today?

USR:I want to lay a complaint because the item I want to buy is way overpriced compared to the competition

SYS:I'm very sorry to hear that.

SYS:I'd be happy to look into that for you. May I start by getting your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:And the better price you saw was at a competitor, is that correct?

USR:Yes

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:Okay. now I just need to get your Account ID and the Order ID associated with the order.

USR:Account ID is 7WTRFY5MSE, Order ID is 4913777085

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Unfortunately, I'm unable to make pricing changes. We just can't match their promotional prices on certain items.

USR:So there's nothing one can do about it?

SYS:Just one moment.

SYS:I was able to get permission to offer you a 20% off promo code. Would that be okay for you?

USR:Yes, that would be okay

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Sure, here is your promo code: FBMOD

USR:Ok, noted. Thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else that I can help you with today?

USR:No.

SYS:Thanks for shopping with Acme and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for contacting Acme Brands! How can I help you today?

USR:I am kind of annoyed because I got a charge on my billing statement that not not been reversed even though I have already completed the return already.

SYS:I'm sorry for the delay in receiving your credits for the return. Can I have your name or account ID to pull up your account?

SYS:Are you there?

USR:Hey yes

USR:Sorry my name is Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:To verify your purchase, can you please provide your username, email address and order ID?

USR:Username: josephb9

USR:Email Address: josephb9@email.com

USR:Order ID: 6403284775

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you, Joseph. How long have you been waiting for the refund to show on your bill?

USR:I don't recall the exact day but its been a while.

SYS:Has it been more than 7 days?

USR:Yes

ACT:A reason of more than 7 days has been recorded.

SYS:What is your membership level with us?

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:I'm not able to issue a new refund for the order because it has already been processed. Your bill may have went out before the refund was completed. You should see the refund appear within the next few days and on your next bill.

USR:Okay that would be great. Thank you.

SYS:You're welcome. Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No that is all.

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for reaching out to us today. How can I help you?

USR:I need to cancel my order.  I've recently lost my job.

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. Let me look into cancelling that for you. Can I get your name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Thank you, Crystal. Can you tell me what the order status is please?

USR:It says "order received"

ACT:Shipping status of Order Received has been noted.

SYS:Perfect. Next can I get your username, email address, and the order ID?

USR:Username: cm363754

USR:Email Address: cm363754@email.com

USR:Order ID: 5994372876

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you for all of that. I just want to verify that you want to cancel the order correct?

USR:Yes, cancel the entire order.

ACT:Order has been updated with Cancel order.

SYS:Alright I have cancelled that order for you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Thanks for your help.  I believe that is all for now.

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:I'm interested in these Tommy Hilfiger boots but I need to know some more info on them.

SYS:Okay, just one minute please.

USR:Specifically I'm curius how you would remove paint from them if you got paint on them.

USR:??

SYS:I understand. Can I have your name please?

USR:Sure, it's Chloe Zhang.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how1) was selected.

SYS:To treat paint stain on your boots, please follow the steps below. 1. Brush off the excess paint. 2. Use a coarse brush or toothbrush to flake off the dried excess paint. 3. Apply a soapy mixture to the stain. 4. Scrape off the softened paint. 5. Rub

USR:Ok so it shoudl be easy to remove paint if I need to. I think i'll be ordering them then, thanks!

SYS:That's great. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Nope that's it, thanks!

SYS:Okay, thank you and have a great day!

USR:you to, bye

USR:Can you end the chat please

<|endoftext|>USR:hi there

SYS:how may i help you

USR:can you tell me when my local store closes?  wanted to buy some things today

SYS:are you inquiring about our store times?

USR:yes

SYS:i can help with that, may i have your name please

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

USR:Norman Bouchard

SYS:thank you norman

SYS:Our local store hours may vary, but generally store hours are 8 am to 11pm. you can purchase online 24/7. for more info about your local store, feel free to call them

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question2) was selected.

SYS:is there anything else i can help you with today?

USR:ok thanks

USR:no that was it

SYS:have a good one

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how are you doing today?

USR:HI! I am having an issue with your site

USR:Every time I search for something it says 0 results found

SYS:How frustrating, I'm sorry! I have a couple things you can try to help make it run better.

USR:ok

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:First, try logging out of your account and back in.

USR:ok hold on

USR:didn't work

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Can you please try clearing your cookies to see if that helps?

USR:ok hold on

USR:that worked. thank you

SYS:You're welcome, happy to help!

SYS:IS there anything else I can help with today?

USR:no

SYS:You have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:my credit card is not working

SYS:Are you trying to place an order?

USR:yes

SYS:Ok. Let me take a look at that for you. Can I have your name please

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Ok. Rodriguez. I know you've probably tried this a few times, but I'm going to ask you to try your card one more time.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:okay

SYS:If that doesn't work. Can you please log out of your account, and then log back in, and try again?

USR:didn't work, I'll try logging out and in

SYS:Ok.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:nope, still invalid

SYS:Have you double checked the expiration date on your card?

ACT:Details of expiration date have been entered.

USR:of course

SYS:Just making sure. Sorry, you'd be surprised how common that is.

USR:okay

SYS:Alright, I'm going to try to manually place the order for you.

SYS:Can I have your credit card number, expiration date, and the item you wish to purchase.

USR:not right now

SYS:So you don't want me to make the purchase for you?

USR:not enough time right now

SYS:No worries, is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hi. I need to check on a shipping issue. The shipping i paid seemed way too high.

SYS:OK. let me check for you. One moment.

SYS:What were you looking for me to do regarding the shipping costs?

USR:It just seemed to high for me on order number 8893757749. Is there a way to get some of that shipping refunded?

SYS:I can certainly try. May I have your full name or account ID

USR:yes it's Norman Bouchard and my account ID is PNZLFSW0OU

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Thanks. May I have your username, email address, and order ID

USR:my email address is nbouchard735@email.com and i already gave my order id above

SYS:Thanks. I just need the username

USR:it's nbouchard735

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:I have validated that, thanks

SYS:What is the shipping status?

USR:it says in transit

SYS:OK.

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

ACT:Order has been updated with waive fee.

SYS:Thank you for being a valued customer. I went ahead and waived the shipping fee. Anything else?

USR:ok great, thanks!

USR:nope, i'm good

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, there.  How may I help you?

USR:I am having trouble with the search function on your website. Is it normal?

SYS:Let me do some digging to see what the issue could be.

SYS:Log out of your account, then log back in and see if that helps.

USR:I will do that immediately

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Okay I just did....the search function is running again!

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Wonderful!  I'm glad it worked!  Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:Nothing else for me....thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:HI! I need to change my address

SYS:Is this for an existing order or just for future reference?

USR:Future reference.  Just updating my account.  The street number is off

SYS:No worries at all

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Adn do you have the current address on file?

USR:3630 2nd Ave  Baltimore, NY 14911

ACT:A reason of 3630 2nd Ave has been recorded.

SYS:and can I have your username and password for verification purposes?

USR:joycew61

USR:I do not have my password

SYS:No worries

USR:Can you use my email

SYS:Yes that's fine

USR:joycew61@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay and what's the updated address?

USR:4630 2nd Ave  Baltimore, NY 14911

ACT:Account has been updated with 4630 2nd Ave.

SYS:Okay your account is updated with the correct address

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:No thank you

SYS:Well then have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I would like to know more information about a Calvin Klein jacket

SYS:sure, I'd be happy to help with that.

SYS:what are you trying to find out?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:I was wondering if the store has any medium jackets in stock?

SYS:Does it show any on the website?

SYS:If it shows empty on the website then we are out of that size

USR:No, it says out of stock.

SYS:We stock them at the end of every month so if you check back later this month, you'll see them back in stock in that size

USR:Do you know when it will be available next?

USR:okay, thank you.

SYS:anything else I can help with?

USR:No, thank you.

SYS:sorry we didn't have that in stock, have a good day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:How may I help you?

USR:I'm hoping you have some information about how to care for a garment.

SYS:Sure, which garment?

USR:It's the black Michael Kors jacket.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:It can be washed and dried in a typical dryer and washer. Although we suggest low heat.

SYS:You should wash it twice a season as well if you wear it a lot.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how2) was selected.

USR:Okay, but what if I get a stain on it. Can i use something to spot treat?

SYS:Wet a cotton cloth and gently dab it on the area, then sprinkle some salt and let it sit for five minutes. After that, you can wash it with boiling water on the area by washer and then let it dry out.

USR:ok, salt. who knew! I should use a chemical cleaner on it then?

SYS:It doesn't say anything about that, only what I told you about salt and water.

USR:I can do that. Thanks for the info.

SYS:No problem! Anything else?

USR:That's it. Have a good one!

SYS:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Oh my stars, please can you help me? My wife is going to KILL me!

USR:I got a massive wine stain on her new Michael Kors jacket. Please tell me you have some tips on how to get stains out?

SYS:I am so sorry to hear that. Please give me a moment to look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:Sure take your time

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how1) was selected.

SYS:First, wet the stained area by gently dabbing on it with a wet cotton cloth. Then, sprinkle a bit of salt on the area and let it sit for about five minutes to absorb the excess water.

SYS:After that, pour some hot water on the area to flush out the stain. This should get rid of most of the stain.

SYS:To remove any remaining stain, wash the jacket in the washer with the hottest water setting.

SYS:As for drying, please either line dry or use a low-heat setting.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Wow, that's a ton of useful information!

USR:Thanks, that's it!

SYS:You are welcome.

SYS:Thank you. Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, and how may I help you today?

USR:I was looking at a jacket but I'm worried I won't be able to remove stains from it. I don't want to buy it if it will be hard to clean.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (how1) was selected.

SYS:Well, if it's a wine stay you'll be able to remove it by dabbing it gently with a wet cotton cloth. Then you put some salt on it and let it rest for 5 minutes. Then you put boiling water on the stain. Finally, wash the jack normally but with the hott

SYS:So depending on how much time you have it can be an involved process

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:Wow, that helps a lot.

USR:Thanks. That is all I needed.

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I help you today?

USR:There seems to have been an extra fee added to my order

USR:I am trying to find out why

SYS:Ill take a look for us. May I have your name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:Can you tell what the fee is from?

USR:its showing as a misc fee

USR:thats why I am unsure

SYS:Can I also have your account ID and Order ID?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:3238630437 7AZNLOY2HA

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I see it now. It appears to be an error on our end.

SYS:Im going to go ahead and remove that for you.

SYS:Can you confirm how much?\

USR:I appreciate that, good thing I let you guys know

USR:10$

ACT:Order has been updated with 10.

SYS:Ok Im sorry about that. I have removed that fee and refunded it back to you.

USR:thank you for the help

SYS:No problem. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What can I do for you today?

USR:Hi

USR:I'm looking at this Guess shirt and want to know more about it

SYS:Sure, what would you like to know?

USR:how long is the arm length?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how3) was selected.

SYS:On our small shirts, the sleeves are 32 inches. On medium, 34 inches. And on large shirts, the sleeves are 36 inches.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Oh, interesting

USR:no, that's it for now

SYS:Okay, have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you today

USR:hi

USR:so do you offer stitching?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

SYS:Yes, sitching costs 30 cents per character for the first 15, 20 for the next 15, and 10 cents for every character after that

ACT:FAQ answer related to pricing (question2) was selected.

USR:theres an inside joke that my gf "owns me", so I want "Jen;s" stitched by the butt into these jeans

SYS:Thats funny haha,  so yeah that would run you an extra 1.20 along with the cost of the jeans

USR:oh cool

USR:hopefully she likes it

USR:i hate sleeping in the bathtub

SYS:Don't we all, is there anything else i can help you with today

USR:no

USR:thank you

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:The promo code I have is being called invalid

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:Name: Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:Do you know how many days old the Promo Code is?

USR:not sure

USR:5 maybe

SYS:ok, let me check our system.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ok, our system says I can create a new Promo Code for you

USR:cool

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is your new Promo Code:

SYS:UQ13J

SYS:Use it anytime you make a purchase in the next 7 days

USR:thanks

SYS:Your welcome

SYS:Can I help with anything else?

USR:no

SYS:Have a great day and enjoy shopping with us

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I assist you today?

USR:Hi, I forgot to order something in the order I just submitted, may I add an item?

SYS:Okay, it sounds like you are needing to manage your order. I would be happy to help you with that.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR: Alessandro Phoenix is my name, Account ID: JSANNS8LVC, order ID: 2881988672

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix .

USR:Order ID: 2881988672 is the order I am referring to.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Has your order already shipped?

USR:yes

SYS:What exactly has your shipping status been stated as?

USR:delivered.

SYS:Unfortunately, your order cannot be added to since it is too late. However, if you give me your membership level, I will be able to help place another order.

USR:Ok, how should I proceed?

SYS:Do you have a membership with us? That would be Gold, Silver, Bronze, or Guest.

USR:nevermind,

USR:How can I remove gum from the bottom of my shoe?

SYS:Okay, you are inquiring about gum removal from boots, correct?

USR:yes

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (how3) was selected.

USR:The product is Calvin Klein Boots, exactly, with the gum.

SYS:You can use peanut butter to remove gum. Take a butter knife with the peanut butter and rub it generously over the gum. Wait 10 to 15 minutes, then you should be able to scrape the peanut butter and gum off. Afterwards you can use soap and water to r

USR:that sounds easy, thanks. goodbye.

SYS:Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>USR:hello

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:i am thinking about buying these boots that i really like

USR:Do you know if they come with a warranty?

USR:They are Calvin Klein brown leather

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your  name please?

USR:Sure, Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:thanks Rodriguez.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

ACT:FAQ answer related to boots (other4) was selected.

SYS:Our products are warranted for 12 months from date of purchase. They are guaranteed to be free of defects in material and workmanship.

USR:Great, thank you!

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Nope, thank you

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and thank you for contacting AcmeBrands! How can I assist you today?

SYS:Are you there? If inactivity continues, this chat will need to close.

USR:Hi. I need to know what material the jacket is made of I am looking to buy

SYS:I can help you with that. Can I have your name?

USR:David Williams

USR:It is a calvin klein jacket for $69

SYS:Nice choice, Mr. Williams. Give me a moment to find that information for you.

USR:ok

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

USR:did you find the material?

SYS:The jacket is made from polyester, nylon and tricot. The outside of the jacket is wind proof because of these materials. It is lined with cotton on the inside for insulation.

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (other4) was selected.

USR:is it water proof too?

SYS:No, it is not water proof.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:nope

USR:thx

SYS:You're welcome. Enjoy the rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi i ordered the wrong item

SYS:Ok. did you already receive the item?

USR:Yes its been delivered. Was supposed to be a small but came xxl

SYS:So you want to return it?

USR:Well yea replace for the right one

SYS:I'm sorry, just trying to understand what you need/want.

USR:No problem

SYS:First I'll need to pull up your account. Can I have your full name or account ID please.

USR: Rodriguez Domingo

USR:OSJMTAD16Z

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you Rodriguez!

SYS:Now I'll need your username, email address, and order ID to Validate your purchase.

USR:rodriguezdomingo841

USR:4056860252

USR:rodriguezdomingo841@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you! Can you tell me your membership level please

USR:Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:When did you purchase the item?

USR:2019-11-29

SYS:Great! I can get you started on processing your return.

USR:Awesome thanks

SYS:Can i have your full address please so I can give you a shipping label that you will need to print out.

USR:861 Circle Drive  Baltimore, NY 53721

ACT:Details of 861 Circle Drive Baltimore, NY 53721 have been entered.

SYS:Now how would you like to return the item? Your options are in store, by mail, or at a drop off center.

USR:Mail would be best

SYS:Ok. Just print out that shipping label, and you are all set.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No thank you

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

USR:You too!

ACT:Details of by mail have been entered.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello how can I help you today?

USR:I'm having trouble accessing my account because they want 2 factor authorization, but I don't have that phone # anymore

SYS:Okay, so you'd like to reset it?

USR:Yes, please.

SYS:Can I have your full name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Can I have your email, so I can email you the reset code?

USR:safzal@email.com

ACT:Details of safzal@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Okay, the code will be sent to that email adress.

USR:Ok looks like I received it.

SYS:To be safe in the future, you should make sure to use the best safety practices available

SYS:I'm also going to send you a link about that in the email.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Looks like it worked and I'm in my account now.  Thanks.

SYS:No worries, is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That's all.

SYS:Have a wonderful day then?

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:Can you please check my account as I am unable to locate a credit of $40 from a promotional package I purchased.  Thanks.

SYS:Sure thing. I'll happily look into that for you

SYS:Coiuld you give me your first and last name please?

USR: Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Great I was able to pull up your account. Thank you Sanya.

SYS:Let me note the reason the credit was being issued. one moment.

ACT:A reason of promotional package has been recorded.

SYS:Alright, I'm going to check with out system to see what happened.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I see the credit on my end so there might be an issue with the interface. Could you try refreshing the page or logging in and out to see if it shows up?

USR:Ok, be back in a flash

USR:Well, you have the magic touch or answer, that worked.  Thank you!

SYS:Haha that's great to hear!

SYS:Could I help you with anything else today?

USR:No, thanks, again.

SYS:Thank you for shopping with us. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello, how can I help?

USR:Hello I'd like to check on my order status

USR:The delivery date of my oreder seems to be wrong

SYS:I would behappy to help you with that. What is your name?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afza.

SYS:Sanya, Do you have your Order ID?

USR:yes, it is 7622886514

SYS:thanks

SYS:I also need your username and email, please

USR:username: safzal

USR:email: safzal@yahoo.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:when did you expect your order to arrive?

USR:When I placed the order, it said delivery would be yesterday, but I haven't received it

SYS:I have been able to validate your purchase, it is in our system. I see. Sorry to hear that.

USR:Can you tell me what the estimated delivery day is?

SYS:have you received notice taht the order has shipped?

USR:no

SYS:oh no, that's not good

SYS:let me update the delivery date for you

USR:ok

SYS:have you received any status update at all?

SYS:in transit or out for delivery, for example?

SYS:How many days have you been waiting?

SYS:If it has been more than a week, we will have to initiate a new order. Apologies for the delay.

SYS:Are you still here?

SYS:OK, well we sseem to have been disconnected. Pleas come back & try again later.

SYS:Good Bye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi there, how can I help you today?

USR:I wanted to purchase a product but I wanted to know a little more about it before I buy it.

SYS:I'd love to help you with this. What were you wanting to know today?

USR:It is a Guess shirt and it is $64. I wanted to know if it is breatheable because I have a skin condition and my skin breaks out when I wear tight conforming clothes or clothes made with inferior fabrics.

SYS:Let me look that up and see what I can find. May I ask who I am speaking with today?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

USR:My name is David Williams

SYS:David, our shirts are made of 100% natural fibers such as cotton, linen, wool or a blend of these. The most popular blend is 90% cotton and 10% linen. The label on the collar will tell you what material is used.

USR:Ah that is perfect. I would also like to know how to ash the shirt.

SYS:You could always order one and wee if it bothers you and return it if it doesn't work for you.

USR:Is there any instructions?

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how2) was selected.

USR:That's a good idea, maybe I'll try that.

SYS:You can throw it in the washer with your other clothes and was as you normally would. It is recommended to use color guard with bleach to preserve the color.

SYS:Drying should be on permanent press if possible, but it is not required.

SYS:Is there anything else you needed to know today?

USR:No I think you answered my questions. Thank you!

SYS:Thanks David, enjoy your weekend.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and welcome to AcmeCorp.  With whom do I have the pleasure of speaking with today?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Hello Norman.  How many I be able to assist you today?

USR:I tried to log into my account but i forgot my username

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that.  I will be happy to help you get back into your account.

SYS:I'll need to verify your identity first to proceed.

USR:ok

SYS:Can I have 2 of the following please: zip code, phone number, email address?

USR:zip code is 99871 phone number is 335 050-6907

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Great, your all verified.

SYS:Your username is: nbouchard1

USR:ok thank you very much

SYS:Great.  Is there anything else I may be able to assist you with today?

USR:no i'm good now. thank you

SYS:Wonderful, hope you have a great day!

USR:thanks you to

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Hello

USR:So I got a promo code 2 days ago but I can't use it. The website keeps telling me it is invalid.

USR:I want to buy something with this code

SYS:Okay lets dig into this and see what the problem is

USR:Okay

SYS:Can I get your full name please?

USR:My name is Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:When was the code issued to you?

USR:2 days ago

SYS:Okay. Codes should be working up to seven days after issued. I'm going to look into this further

USR:Sounds good

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:My level is only Guest

SYS:okay one moment

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:Okay it looks like that there is no code issued to your account. I'm sorry but this is not something that I can help you with.

USR:Well that's not any good

USR:So is this code I'm using bad or what?

SYS:Yes it is not a valid code. I'm sorry. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Can I get a discount?

USR:Since the code doesn't work.

SYS:Unfortunately I cannot. Thanks and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! Thank you for contacting us today. How may I help you?

USR:yes i would like to return an item because i got the wrong color

SYS:Sure! I can help with that.  Can I have your name?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:Thank you! Can I also have your username, email and order ID?

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Sorry please ignore that

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:I'll just need your username, email and order id to verify your account

USR:Username: rd290801 Email Address: rd290801@email.com  Order ID: 0360943220

SYS:And what is your membership level

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

USR:Guest

SYS:Thank you can you verify your email for me again.  It does not appear to match what is on your account

USR:rd290801@email.com this is the email i have on file with you guys

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Membership level of guest has been noted.

SYS:When did you make the purchase?

USR:on your site

SYS:When was the purchase?

USR:2020-01-10

SYS:Thank you.  Since the purchase was longer then 30 days ago, it is not eligible for return.  I do apologize for that

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:okay thank you

SYS:You

USR:that will be all

SYS:You're Welcome.  Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I need to change my address

SYS:sure, I'd be happy to help you with that!

USR:Yeah, my street number is 7462

SYS:may I have your name please?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Thank you

USR:My street number should be 7462.

SYS:may I have your ZIP code, phone number and PIN number please?

USR:Zip code is 46447.

USR:I don't know my phone number.

USR:My pin number is 86160

SYS:ok, do you know your user name or password?

SYS:or your email address?

USR:user name is rd536100

SYS:thanks!

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:And your new street address Mr Domingo?

USR:7462 1st Ave  Baltimore, WA 46447

ACT:Account has been updated with 7462 1st Ave.

USR:thanks!

SYS:ok, I've updated your account with that new info, anything else I can help you with?

USR:no

SYS:have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:hi there

SYS:Hi! What can I help you with today?

USR:i wanted to know if you'd be able to tell me the arm length on a shirt i'm thinking of buying?

SYS:Sure thing. What shirt are you looking at, in particular?

USR:it's the michael kors shirt.  the one that's $49

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

SYS:What size were you looking at?

USR:oh, probably an xl

SYS:I see. Well unfortunately it looks like I only have the arm measurements up to a Large. The large is 36 inches, if that helps you out at all.

USR:oh sure, that's fine

USR:i'm sure the difference isn't that much

USR:thanks for the help

SYS:I'm so sorry I can't be more specific for you. Did you have any other questions today?

USR:nope, that was it.  thanks again!

SYS:My pleasure! Enjoy the rest of your day!

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (how3) was selected.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello. I just signed up for the premium subscription but i recently lost my job and i can't pay the fee right now.

SYS:oh, I am so sorry to hear that. I can definitely help give you an extension. Can I start by getting your name please?

USR:sure, it's Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:thank you, and you account ID and order ID please?

USR:yes, my account id is RJB4T5HLLA and my order id is 0249016787

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:thanks, any your membership level?

USR:it's guest

SYS:ok, unfortunately I cannot give you an extension on that due to your membership level

USR:oh ok.

USR:thanks anyway

SYS:do you need any other assistance today?

USR:no that's it, thanks.

SYS:no problem, stay healthy and good luck finding a new job!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How may I help you?

USR:Hi so sorry to have to trouble you guys with this, my cat stepped on my keyboard as I was saving my address into the account and now the number is wrong

SYS:Oh no! I have been there plenty with my cat.  I'll get your address updated for you!

USR:Thanks! He must be a coder or something because now I'm not seeing an edit button on there @_@

USR:I name is Norman Bouchard and my actual address is 6745 Lincoln Ave  La Fayette, WA 70652

SYS:Cats are just THAT smart! I'm a crazy cat lady myself. I know.

SYS:Thank you for your information.

USR:Maybe we

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

USR:*we'll have to start making them pay rent

SYS:We should!

ACT:A reason of 6745 Lincoln Ave has been recorded.

SYS:I will need to verify your identity.

USR:Of course

SYS:Please provide 3 of the follow. Zip, telephone, pin, username, password, email address, or order ID

USR:Alrighty let's start with pin 764954

USR:Email is normanbouchard957@email.com

USR:Andddddd last but not least! Username is normanbouchard957

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Anndddd you're verified!

USR:Awesome!

SYS:You would like for your address to be fixed to 6745 Lincoln Ave?

USR:I always knew I'd be good at something

USR:Yessss

ACT:Account has been updated with 6745 Lincoln Ave.

SYS:Updated!

SYS:No cats here to step on the keyboard!

USR:Wootwoot!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I think you got everything, thanks for being so awesome!

SYS:I hope you have a great day! Stay safe!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:I am trying to access my shopping history but I can't remember my password

SYS:Sure. Give me one second and I'll help you with that.

SYS:Can I have your full name and account id please

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

USR:753015

SYS:And do you know your username?

USR:no I don't

SYS:Ok. let's get that for you first

USR:great

SYS:Can I have your zip code and email address please

USR:73257

USR:toto1981.ss@gmail.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Your username is asanders1

USR:ok

ACT:Details of asanders1 have been entered.

SYS:I can't give you your password, but I can make up a new one for you

USR:sounds good

SYS:can I have your pin number please

USR:753015

ACT:A password has been generated.

USR:ok

SYS:Alright! Your new password is n3uc2fk2tqg

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:not at this time

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hi there, I just wanted to check my account or get in there to see more info on something I ordered, but I can't get into my account because I can't find my phone anywhere to use two-factor authentication.  Can you help me?

SYS:Oh no! I'm so sorry about that. I'll be glad to help you.

SYS:May I get your full name, please?

USR:Thank you.  Sure, it's sanya Afzal.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Would you kindly provide your email address, so I may send you a reset code?

USR:Sure!  It's sanyaa50@email.com

ACT:Details of sanyaa50@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Perfect! A link will emailed to you for the code reset. We also recommend some best practices for your account security; those details will be in the email as well.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Thank you so much I really appreciate that a lot.

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:No no, that was all, thank you so much for helping me out today. :)

SYS:You're very welcome Sanya, glad to assist you.

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can I be of service to you today?

USR:Hi so sorry. My son tried to set me up an account yesterday with you guys and he accidentally spelled my name wrong and we can't find a settings button

USR:Would you be able to help us with that?

SYS:Let me look into this a little bit and see what I can do to help

USR:Awesome! Take all the time you need

SYS:So the name was spelled incorrectly upon account creation and you wish to change the name?

USR:That would be correct, yes!

SYS:All right. Can I get the Full Name (currently) and Account ID?

USR:Sure thing! My actual name is David Williams, he accidentally spelt it Dadvid, probably a habit.

USR:And my username is dwilliams488

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Dadvid Williams.

SYS:Okay so the correct full name is David Williams?

USR:Yep!

ACT:A reason of David Williams has been recorded.

SYS:Great. I will need you to verify some information. Can you provide me with the zip code, telephone number, pin number, username, and email address?

USR:Phew that's a list if I've ever seen one, let me get that info for you

SYS:I appreciate it. Take your time

USR:Zip is  70936

USR:Email is dwilliams488@email.com

USR:And my phone number is (913) 736-2629

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:That's all I need :)

USR:Oh and my pin is.....227568

USR:Oh yay!

USR:I'll just save that info for later then :D

SYS:Final confirmation I will be updating the account name to  David Williams is this correct?

USR:That is completely correct! So says my birth certifcate :D

ACT:Account has been updated with  David Williams.

SYS:Your account has been updated.

USR:That's the last time I let the little buddy make me an account

USR:Awesome thank you!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:I think that's all bud

SYS:Thanks have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I have an Order (ID: 5715577786) and I would like to move the shipping to next week so I could avoid paying and shipping fees.

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that. Could I get your full name and account ID please?

USR:Joyce Wu

USR:Account ID: EJ7AFWVEZX

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Great, what is the current status of your order?

USR:Delivered

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Alright, well if it has already been delivered I can not alter the shipping date. Did you already receive it?

USR:I don't think so.  I will check once I get home.

SYS:Alright, sometimes it will mark it as delivered and then the carrier brings it later that day

SYS:If you do not get it by end of day tomorrow reach back out and we will see what is happening.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:No.  That is everything,

SYS:Great, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help  you today?

USR:Hi, I'm curious about the benefits of premium membership. I'm thinking about buying some stuff soon.

SYS:Okay let me pull that up for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:All members are invited to our holiday party with an open bar and free flights from anywhere in the USA.

SYS:Bronze members save on shipping and promo codes.

SYS:Sliver members get everything previous and can have us make purchases for them and cancel at any time.

SYS:Gold members get unlimited refunds and are always given the benefit of the doubt, along with previous perks.

SYS:Is there anything else you'd like to know?

USR:Ah okay, a gold membership sounds amazing. That's all I wanted to know right now.

USR:Have a nice day!

SYS:Then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I assist you?

USR:Hi! I would like to manage my shipping details. You see I ordered the wrong item on accident.

USR:I would like to change the order

SYS:Okay. May I have your full name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Do you know the shipping status of your order?

USR:It says in transit

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

SYS:May I have your username, email address, and order ID so I can validate your purchase?

USR:cz702854

USR:cz702854@email.com

USR:Order ID: 8239907050

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks! What change did you want me to make to your order?

USR:I would like to change the item to the Tommy Hilfiger jacket please

ACT:Order has been updated with change order.

SYS:You're all set! The change has been made and the jacket will be sent out shortly. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thats all. Thank you so much

SYS:You're welcome! Have a wonderful rest of your day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello How can I help you today?

USR:Hi. I am interested in buying the $59 Guess boots. I just need to know if they are regular width or wide width?

SYS:Sure. I can help you with that.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search boots

SYS:These boots are generally they are typically wider

USR:Okay. Thank you.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No. That is it.

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi what can I do for you?

USR: a charge has not been reversed after my return

SYS:Okay, can I have you name please

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

SYS:Thank you, can I have your username, order ID, and email address

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

USR:aphoenix681,4367951001,aphoenix681@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Your refund is in process and you should be seeing it soon.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do

USR:no, thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi.  My name is Chloe Xhang.  I would just like to know the total cost of my order.  My order ID is 5795332557

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Xhang.

USR:I received an email stating the total cost was different.

SYS:Okay, does the email state the shipping cost was different or the price of the items?

USR:The price of the items.

USR:The email stated it was $5 more.

SYS:Okay, may I have your account ID as well?

USR:HB61PZOJEX

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:It appears there was a mistake when the system calculated your total cost.

SYS:You were charged $5 extra, is that correct?

USR:yES

SYS:May I ask what your membership level is?

USR:bronze

ACT:Membership level of Bronze has been noted.

SYS:Unfortunately I am unable to remove the fee, it turns out that there was a price hike due to the recent COVID-19 pandemic

USR:ok

SYS:I'm sorry, is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That's it for today.

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

USR:YOu too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:Hi! Can you help me with my account?

SYS:Sure, what do you need help with?

USR:I need to change my payment method. The last time I checked it was paypal and I don't use paypal anymore. Can I change it to credit card?

SYS:Sure, I can help you with that. Can I get your full name, account ID, and your order ID?

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:Order ID: 7373331442

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Great! And what is your account ID?

USR:Do you mean username?

USR:jb590878

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Okay, thank you Joseph. What does the shipping status say on your order?

USR:It is not delivered yet.

SYS:Does it say "In transit" or "Out for delivery"?

SYS:Or just "order received"?

USR:in transit

SYS:perfect! I can update the payment method for this order and future orders.

SYS:What is your credit card info?

ACT:Shipping status of in transit has been noted.

USR:3456 6789 7890 8907

USR:Thank you.

ACT:Order has been updated with 3456 6789 7890 8907.

SYS:Great, your payment has been updated. can I help you with anything else?

USR:That will be all

USR:Thanks

SYS:Thanks Joseph! Have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I am having issues with my credit card. It keeps getting rejected

SYS:The website isn't taking your credit card information?

USR:No it isn;t when I try and purchase something

SYS:Okay, let's try to troubleshoot this issue.

SYS:Try logging out and then log back in.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Are you still there?

USR:yes

USR:ok I tried that

USR:did not work

SYS:Alright, let's try something else.

ACT:Details of  have been entered.

SYS:Please check the expiration date on your card.

USR:Ok, I think I was putting that in wrong. It worked.

SYS:Great! Will that be all for today?

USR:That is all , thank you

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, AcmeBrands customer service here. How may I help?

USR:Hi. I was hoping I view the history of my orders but I seem to have lost my username. Can you help me?

SYS:Sure thing, can I have your name please?

USR:It's Norman Bouchard.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:I will also need two of the following: zip code/phone number/email address

USR:My zip is 39633 and the phone number is (042) 975-9546.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Looks like your username is nbouchard1

USR:Oh perfect! I just lose track of them so easily. So many different accounts.

USR:Thank you!

SYS:You're welcome, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi! I received a promo code nine days ago, but when I try to enter it, I get a message saying it is invalid.

SYS:Glad to help. May I have your full name please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

SYS:thanks Sanya.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Since the code was issued nine days ago, it is now out of date.

USR:That is too bad. I was not informed of an expiration date. Can I be issued another?

SYS:Give me a second.

USR:ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:No worries, I will issue a new promo code to you.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

USR:Thanks!

SYS:the new promo code is 64T9M.

USR:Wonderful, thank you!

SYS:You are welcome. Is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:That is all! Thanks!

SYS:Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, How can I help you today?

USR:I can not access my account because i forgot my username

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that.  May I have your full name?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Can you please give me your zip code, email address, and zip code?

USR:40171 i do not have my email

SYS:That's okay, I meant to ask you for your phone number.

USR:(104) 202-3204

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:I have created a new username for you:  nbouchard1

USR:okay thank u

SYS:You are very welcome!  Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No that us everything

USR:is

SYS:Wonderful!  Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, my promo code I have seems to be invalid. It's showing as such when I try to purchase my jacket today.

SYS:Okay I am sorry about that

USR:I got the code 2 days ago.

USR:I'm Joyce Wu, Order ID: 8976886069

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

USR:jw325612 is my user name, in case you need it.

SYS:what is your membership level?

USR:Email Address: jw325612@email.com , Level is Silver.

SYS:Okay, I am just going to issue a new promo code for you.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is your new code RDHE1

USR:Great, That should solve it. Thanks so much. I got it. That's all I need.

SYS:Have a nice day

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello, thank you for shopping with AcmeCorp! How may I assist you?

USR:I need to change my payment method on my account because it's not showing up correctly

SYS:Okay, let's look into that. What is your full name?

USR:Chloe Zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Thank you. What payment method is currently on your account?

USR:a debit card

ACT:A reason of debit card has been recorded.

SYS:I'll need a few more pieces of information to verify your identity to make the changes necessary. May I have your zip code, phone number, and PIN?

USR:5095

USR:(684) 666-0978

USR:692526

USR:in the order you requested

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you! Now, what payment method would you like to use instead?

USR:A credit card

ACT:Account has been updated with credit card.

SYS:Perfect. I have made the necessary changes in the system. Is there anything else you need?

USR:No that's it

USR:Thanks

SYS:Wonderful. Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thanks for contacting Acme customer support. How may I help you today?

USR:Hello, my name is Alessandro Phoenix and I would like to know more about a Guess jacket in your catalog

SYS:I'd love to help you with that, Mr. Phoenix. What was your specific question?

USR:I really like it but Im not sure about the materials and also about  the sizes available

SYS:Okay, just a moment while I look into that jacket for you.

USR:Ok thanks

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jacket

SYS:In regards to the materials, the exterior is a performance synthetic designed to protect against the wind and the inside is a warm and comfortable cotton liner.

SYS:Does that answer your question about the jacket?

ACT:FAQ answer related to jacket (other4) was selected.

USR:Yes it does

USR:Thanks a lot

SYS:Is there anything else that I can do to help today?

USR:I think thats about it \

USR:have a nice day

SYS:Have a great day and we appreciate you choosing Acme.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:hey hi what about the materials used for this product

SYS:Which product are you referring to?

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

USR:I am looking for shoes

ACT:System Action: search boots

USR:I like this boot , i like to purchase it

SYS:The boots are made of leather and can be purchased in either brown or black.

USR:black

SYS:Were you going to purchase them yourself online?, or did you want me to do that for you?

USR:yes

<|endoftext|>USR:I'm having trouble with my online cart. It won't update.

USR:I'm trying to add a new item

SYS:Hi

SYS:Sorry for the wait!

USR:thats ok

SYS:Internet went out

SYS:I can help with your cart issue

SYS:First can you double check that the item is not out of stock?

SYS:it's written in the bottom left corner

USR:sure hold on a second

SYS:ok

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:it looks like it is still in stock

SYS:Great

SYS:Can you try refreshing the page? Sometimes this fixes the issue

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:hmm okay. let me see

SYS:okay

USR:ok that seemed to work

SYS:Great!

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:no that is all

USR:thank you

SYS:Your welcome. Have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:I am frustrated because many of the items on your website that I like are typically out of stock.

SYS:I do apologize and you mentioned many items in general correct?

USR:Yes, but specifically, I am trying to find a Calvin Klein shit today ($49)

USR:*shirt* oops!!

SYS:Ok may I please have your full name or account id?

USR:Joseph Banter

SYS:Just to verify today is the Calvin Klein shirt?

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:Yes, just the shirt for today

SYS:I am going to let our purchasing department know about this right now.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

USR:ok

SYS:Hopefully, they can do a better job so this does not happen again.

USR:Okay!

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:That is all. Thanks!

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:Hello! I cannot login in to my account because I seem to have forgotten my password

SYS:Okay, I can help with thag

SYS:that

SYS:You just need help accessing your account, correct?

USR:Yes please

SYS:Can I have your full name or Account ID please?

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang

ACT:Order has been updated with Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Can I have your Username please?

USR:chloezhang615

ACT:Details of chloezhang615 have been entered.

SYS:for security reasons, I won't be able to access your old password, but I can help you reset it to a new one

USR:Okay, that's fine

SYS:Okay great. You will need a PIN or an answer to your security question to reset your password

USR:I know my PIN

SYS:If you don't have your PIN, I can ask your security

SYS:OK great

SYS:what's the PIN

USR:741099

ACT:A password has been generated.

SYS:Here is your new password:

SYS:e4jbs9ngbtc

USR:Thank you, that worked to login!

SYS:Great, can I help with anything else?

SYS:Ok, have a great day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Good afternoon, how can I help you today?

USR:I have attempted to order many items today and they are all out of stock.  I am very disappointed :(

SYS:I can understand your disappointment! Let me look in to this for you!

USR:Please

SYS:Can I please get your full name or Account ID?

USR:It would seem if you are always out of stock that you would remove that from the website

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

SYS:I can see how upsetting this must be to you and I want to try and help you so this doesn't keep happening Rodriguez.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:I would appreciate that.  I don't want to take my business elsewhere but may have to

SYS:Rodriguez, I am going to let the purchasing Department know. That many items should not be out of stock. I will tell them that they have to keep better tabs on supply and demand!

ACT:The Purchasing Department has been notified.

SYS:I don't want you to take your business else where either. Could I offer you a promo code for your next purchase with us?

USR:That would be appreciated

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:I have just sent you a code for 25% off your next purchase. I also sent a memo out for our purchasing department to look in to this issue.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Hopefully they can get something done.  That is all.  Thank you

SYS:Thanks Rodriguez. Again, I apologize for this. Have a good weekend.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello I am trying to find some information on my order

SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I was reviewing my order and it appears that the payment method is not correct

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. So you are needing to change the payment method, is that correct?

USR:I'm sorry I actually need to find out the status of a refund and see how I would be receiving that refund?

SYS:That is quite alright. I'd be glad to help you with that. May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Absolutely my name is Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:Were you able to locate the refund status?

SYS:Thank you so much. One moment please.

SYS:May I have your username, email, and order ID?

USR:I have the order ID.  It is 1012809669

USR:I also have user ID of cm442144 and email of cm442144@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you so much.

USR:Sure let me know if I can provide any additional information

SYS:Your refund is in progress right now and you should be receiving it within the next 3 to 5 business days.

USR:That sounds perfect should I see a credit through paypal?

SYS:Yes ma'am. You will receive credit through paypal.

USR:Great that is all the information I needed.  Thank you for your help.

SYS:Is that all that I can do for you today?

SYS:Okay, have a great day.

USR:You too!

<|endoftext|>SYS:how may i help you?

USR:HI there

USR:I lost my phone and cant do the 2 way authentication. Im trying to look at my shopping history and cant

SYS:if i undertand properly, you wish to reset your 2 factor/way authentication today?

SYS:that way you can reacess your account

USR:Yea i guess that will work too

USR:As long as i can see my history after

SYS:ok

USR:Can we do that?

SYS:of course, let's start now

SYS:first i need your full name to pull up your account

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:thank you albert

SYS:i will need your email adress so i can send you the reset code

USR:I cant access taht

SYS:do you have your email adress?

SYS:ok then

USR:only thing i can give you is my landline or home address

SYS:do you know your account pin

SYS:or the answer to your secret question? which is what is your mothers maiden name

USR:yes

USR:Martinez

SYS:thank you

ACT:Details of Martinez have been entered.

SYS:i will send the reset code to the email on file

USR:Thank you and then i can reaccess my account?

SYS:also, to be safe, i am sending you a link of best security practices, just in case you wish to peruse it.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Wow youve been awesome

SYS:yes, once you access the email i sent with the reset code, you will be able to log back into your account

SYS:if you do not know the email on file i have sent the code to , i can give it to you now

SYS:no problem, thats why we are here

USR:Great well im going to set this up now, just got the email.

USR:Thank you for all your help

SYS:perfect

SYS:is there anything else i can assist with

USR:No thanks

SYS:have a good one

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi

SYS:Hello

USR:I'm trying to buy something but my cart won't update

SYS:I am sorry about that, I would happy to help.

SYS:Lets try a few options.

USR:ok

SYS:First can you make sure the item is still in stock.

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:I can see that it is

SYS:Can you try to refresh the page please?

SYS:And add the item again/

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok

USR:Ah, I see it now

USR:that worked

SYS:Great, is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:No, that's all

USR:thanks

SYS:Your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi, how can I help you?

USR:do you price match?

USR:because these jeans are way cheaper

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search membership

SYS:May I have your name or you account ID?

USR:chloe zhang

ACT:Account has been pulled up for chloe zhang.

ACT:A reason of competitor has been recorded.

SYS:We use pricing algorithms. Our prices change dynamically.

SYS:It is outside of my control as an agent.

USR:Ugh, fine, walmart gets my business

USR:good day sir

SYS:I can offer you a promotional discount.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:GW73M

USR:if its 15% or better im sold

SYS:I hope you will consider shopping with us.

SYS:Is there anything else I can answer for you today?

USR:chloe zhang likes how you operate

USR:thats it

SYS:Thank you. Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello, I beleive I have some missing credits due to an email I received

SYS:I see, could you elaborate a little more?

USR:The credits came from a one time deal from a pervious purchase

SYS:I understand, let's see what we can figure out here.

SYS:May I have your full name or account ID?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

SYS:Pulling up your account... and this credit was from a previous purchase correct?

USR:yes that is correct

ACT:A reason of previous purchase has been recorded.

SYS:Ok give me one moment to check with our internal system.

USR:ok

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Ah, do you happen to know the amount of credit missing?

USR:$40

SYS:Perfect.  Give me one moment to generate you a Promo Code for that amount.

ACT:A promo code has been created.

SYS:Here is your promo code for the $40 in error.  My apologies.  KMDFD

USR:Thank you very much

SYS:Of course, thank you for your business.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:that is all

SYS:Have a wonderful rest of your day!

USR:you as well

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Yes my credit card keeps getting rejected when i try to buy something of  your site

SYS:There are a few things we can try to fix this. Can you log out and log right back in and see if that works?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok let me try

SYS:Did it work?

USR:no still not working

SYS:Okay. Let's check your expiration date. Is that still valid?

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:yes it is

SYS:Would you please reenter your credit card information? If that doesn't work, I can make your purchase for you.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:i dont know why but it working now. Thank you for your help

SYS:You're welcome! Do you need anything else?

USR:no that will be all

SYS:Okay. Have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:hello! how cna i help you today/?

USR:Hello! I need to change my address on my account because it is showing incorrectly

SYS:sure ! i can helo you

SYS:what is your name please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:What is your current address?

USR:1909 Lexington Ave  Brighton, WA 39949

USR:I believe that is what is showing on my account

USR:But it should be 1908

ACT:A reason of 1909 Lexington Ave Brighton, WA 39949 has been recorded.

SYS:what is your zip code, telephone number, user name, order id, or email

SYS:i just need 3 of them please

USR:Zip is 39949, username is sanyaa54, and email is sanyaa54@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Account has been updated with 1908 Lexington Ave Brighton, WA 39949.

SYS:I updated your address, od you need naything else?

USR:No thank you

SYS:have a great dat

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:I have a question about my premium subscription. Is it active?

SYS:Sure give me one second and I can help you with that.

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please

USR:Chloe Zhang, LWLCCYBUBU

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Chloe Zhang.

SYS:Can I now have your full name and order ID please

SYS:sorry, I already have your full name, just your order ID

USR:0918229416

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Alright your account is validated.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your account is not active. You owed $49 yesterday

USR:I'd like to pay it now

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:You can do so by clicking on that link.

USR:Okay. Thank you

SYS:Do you know your username?

USR:I do not

SYS:it's czhang1 you will need that when accessing the link.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:No, that is all

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:Hi, I'm thinking about buying some stuff. What are the benefits of premium membership to your site?

SYS:oh not problem, let me check all the info

SYS:one moment please

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:FAQ answer related to membership (question3) was selected.

SYS:First all our members are invited to the annual holiday extravaganza with open bar and free flights from anywhere in the US ;)

SYS:And about specific benefits, what level of membership would you like to acquire?

SYS:bronze, silver or gold?

USR:I'd like to know more about the bronze membership.

SYS:Bronze members save on shipping fees and promo codes. ^^

USR:Well that sounds pretty useful, I'm pretty interested in a bronze membership then.

USR:I think I'll sign up for that. Thank you for the help.

SYS:I'm glad

SYS:a pleasure to help you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, can you please check on order 9361519809.  I have been waiting five days for it.  Thanks.

SYS:Sure, let me check that for you.

SYS:Did you get an email indicating that something might be wrong?

USR:no, nothing.

SYS:Could I get your name or account ID?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:I'll just need your account ID and order ID.

USR:Account ID: LDVMNCUB1A

USR:Order ID: 9361519809

SYS:Thank you.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Can I have your username and email address please?

USR:Username: sanyaafzal939

USR:sanyaafzal939@email.com

SYS:Thanks.

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Did you have a specific question about this order?

USR:when will I receive it

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I've checked the system and it looks like you'll receive the order on the expected date.

USR:Ok thanks, that's all I needed

SYS:Okay, have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands! How can I help you?

USR:Hello, I would like to change my shipping deatails as they have changed recently due to a move

SYS:I would be happy to help you with that

SYS:Is there an outstanding order?

SYS:Or is this just an update to your account?

USR:Yes my order id is 4870952797

SYS:What is your name please?

USR:Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:What is the shipping status of the order?

USR:In Transit

ACT:Shipping status of In Transit has been noted.

SYS:Next I need to validate your purchase. I will need your username and email.

USR:cminh948, cminh948@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:thank you

SYS:and the new address please?

USR:9756 Primrose Street Newark, MI 85971

ACT:Order has been updated with Change address.

SYS:All taken care of!

SYS:Is there anything else today?

USR:Thank you that is all

SYS:Have a great one!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I'm trying to buy something, but my cart won't update.  Any idea on how I can get this to work?

SYS:Let me look into that for you

SYS:Just a quick question, is the item in question out of stock?

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:No, I don't think so

SYS:Can you check for me?

USR:no, it's in stock

SYS:Well then can you try refreshing the page and trying again?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:sure

USR:ok, it looks like that worked!

SYS:That's great. Is there anything else I can do for you today?

USR:nope, that covers it.  thank you very much

SYS:Well then have a nice day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:I would like to extend my premium subscription

SYS:May I have your full name and your account ID?

USR:Crystal Minh

USR:Account ID: 9GRGJQCCDQ

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:And do you have an order ID?

USR:Order ID: 4630092900

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Thank you. The subscription is $99 dollars for a year.

SYS:Would you like to pay in full or put down a partial payment?

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

USR:I should already have a subscription, I would just like to extend it because I need more time to raise funds

SYS:Ok, it will be $49 to extend the subscription.

ACT:Details of 49 have been entered.

USR:Will you consider extending the subscription free of charge

SYS:Would you like to enter a new credit card or use the card on the account?

SYS:No, we cannot offer that at this time. A minimum of 49 dollars is needed to extend the service.

USR:Can a manager help me with this?

SYS:Can you hold? I will send you to a manager shortly.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:I can hold

USR:I don't need help with anything else

SYS:Have a good day...a manager will assist you shortly.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp. How may I help you?

USR:Hi

USR:I was trying to search for some items online. However the search results are completely unrelated.

USR:It is very frustrating

SYS:I'm so sorry to hear that. Let's try a few troubleshooting options to see if we can get it to work.

USR:sure

SYS:First could you try logging in and out of your account to see if that clears anything up?

USR:sure. gimme a sec

USR:nope. no luck

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:Alright, the results coming up as completely different sounds like it might be an error with your cookies. So let's try resetting those next.

USR:okay.

SYS:On your browser there should be a button for "More Details" you can find the option there.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I see. let me check

USR:Well it worked. Thank you so much for your help

SYS:Great, I'm glad to hear we were able to fix it.

SYS:Was there anything else I could help you with today?

USR:Appreciate your help. Thank you

SYS:No problem, Thank you for shopping with us. Have a wonderful day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello and welcome to AcmeCorp.  How can I assist you today?

USR:I was going to check up on my order but I have lost my phone that I was using for my two factor authentication

USR:How can I get back into my account?

SYS:I'm so sorry to hear that, it looks like you're wanting to reset the two factor authentication, correct?

USR:yes

SYS:Okay, in order to reset, I'm going to send you a special code to your email.

SYS:Can I get your full name please?

USR:Norman Bouchard

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Norman Bouchard.

SYS:Next, can I get your email address?

USR:nbouchard82@yahoo.com

ACT:Details of nbouchard82@yahoo.com have been entered.

SYS:Okay, it's done.  I'm also sending you a link to show you the best security precautions.

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:alright thanks

SYS:You are so welcome.  Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no that was all

SYS:Great, have a wonderful day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:How can I help you?

USR:Hi, I'm just curious why products are always out of stock. It is very frustrating.

SYS:I'm sorry to hear that. What items are you trying to find?

USR:I've been trying to buy a dress for weeks now and it is always out of stock.

SYS:Okay, so it's just one particular item that is causing you trouble?

USR:There has been others but this is the most recent that has caused me to reach out.

SYS:Sorry about that, can I please have your name?

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Okay, and Ms. Wu, which dress is it?

USR:its the black short sleeve dress

SYS:What brand is it?

USR:tommy hilfiger

ACT:Details of tommy hilfiger black short sleeve dress have been entered.

ACT:The purchasing department has been notified.

SYS:I filed a report with our purchasing department.

USR:Thank you so much. I hope to be alerted soon that it is back in stock.

SYS:I can back order the item for you so it will ship once it's back in stock.

USR:That sounds like a great option for me.

SYS:Can I use the credit card on file?

USR:yes

ACT:A purchase of Tommy Hilfiger Dress was made.

SYS:Done, is there anything else I can assist you with?

USR:that is all for today.

USR:thanks for your help

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hi are the buttons on this shirt brown or black? Id like to purchase

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search shirt

ACT:FAQ answer related to shirt (other3) was selected.

SYS:We use dark brown buttons because they are currently more stylish than black.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Great. Thats all thanks

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello

SYS:Hello and thank you for contacting AcmeBrands. How can I help you today?

USR:My name is Chloe Zhang and I would like to now more about a pair of Guess jeans

USR:could you please help me out ?

SYS:Yes, I can help you with that Chloe. What information would you like to know?

USR:I would like to know more about the materials and more about the fit of the jeans

SYS:Alright, give me one moment to find that information for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search jeans

ACT:FAQ answer related to jeans (how3) was selected.

SYS:The jeans are 100% denim and have an inseam of 36 inches and and outseam of 42 inches. These jeans are meant to be tailored and may not be an exact fit for everyone. The precise fit information is on the inside tag of the jean.

USR:Ok the information looks solid I guess I will make the purchase now

USR:thanks a lot for taking the time

SYS:Great! You're welcome. Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:no that would be all

SYS:I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Good-bye.

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

USR:I have a question for you

SYS:Hello! Thank you for contacting us today. How can I help you?

USR:I might need to cancel my subscription

USR:I still need to want to use your site

USR:And buy things

USR:but i have a lot of bills

USR:and you know, with the virus, money is tight

USR:how can I cancel my subscription?

SYS:Were you hoping to get an extension possibly on your subscription payment?

USR:no, i don't need that

USR:I just want to know how to cancel

USR:can you tell me how?

SYS:Can I get your name to pull the account up?

USR:Chloe Zhang

SYS:Thank you, Chloe. Let me look into that for you.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search pricing

ACT:System Action: search membership

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:System Action: search policy

SYS:Okay. So you are able to cancel the subscription at any time. You will not be charged for future months. For this month, though, you do have to pay the full monthly billing amount. You will have the subscription for the remainder of the month.

ACT:FAQ answer related to policy (question3) was selected.

USR:Okay

USR:So how do I cancel?

USR:If I want to?

USR:do I log in and cancel somewhere on the site?

SYS:You would just need to access your account and there should be a big red button that says cancel subscription.

USR:oh okay

USR:that seems clear enough

SYS:Can I help you with anything else today?

USR:thank you for answering my question

USR:no, that's it

SYS:Thank you and have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hello! I need to buy an item but somehow I cant get it in my cart

SYS:Oh no I would happy to help you with this.

SYS:First, can you please make sure the item is still in stock?

ACT:Details of troubleshoot have been entered.

USR:Thank you.. yes It is in stock

SYS:Can you try to refresh the page and re-add the item to your cart?

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:ok.. let me try..

USR:hey It is updating now

USR:yeah.. now it works

SYS:Great, is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:thank you

USR:thats all

SYS:Your welcome. Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

USR:have a great day

SYS:You too, thank you.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello. How can i help you today?

USR:Hello, I certainly hope you can I am trying to buy this item I think may be selling out and my cc keeps being rejected it have the money there for sure

SYS:Okay. I'd be more than happy to look into that for you

USR:I am a silver member

USR:Why is that happening with my card on your site

SYS:So if I am understanding correctly

SYS:your credit card is being declined and saying invalid?

USR:I use this card all the time

USR:invalid

USR:it's a valid card trust me

SYS:Okay

USR:I even called the bank

SYS:were going to go through some basic troubleshooting

SYS:Can you try clearing your card details from the site and entering them again?

USR:I have done that already just now that's why I am chatting in

USR:Once i see that didnt work I figure I need you to help

USR:okay I have cleared the card number what now

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

SYS:okay if you enterred again and it didnt work we will try something else

USR:I put them back still no

SYS:please try logging out of your account

SYS:and then back into it

SYS:and try again and let me know

USR:ok will try that just a sec

SYS:no rush

USR:I've tried everything or so I thought.  Logging out and back in worked though

USR:thank you very much

USR:I gotta catch this item now

SYS:Great to hear

SYS:is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:Enjoy the rest of your shift.

SYS:have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Website is too slow to use.

USR:I can't click on anything.

SYS:Hi, there!  I can help you with that.

SYS:Try logging out and then log back into your account.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:I just tried it, it didn't work.

SYS:Okay, try visiting another webpage.  If that is loading slowly, then it's probably a problem with the Internet.

ACT:Agent is looking for solutions ...

USR:The other website seems a slow to me too.

USR:I will contact my ISP then.

SYS:That sounds like a good idea.  Is there anything else you need today?

USR:no

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hi

USR:What is the status of my subscription

SYS:Hello, yes I can help you with that.

USR:Is my subscription active

USR:I would like to keep it active

USR:when is the annual fee due

SYS:I understand.  Let me get into your account.

ACT:Querying the system for subscription status ...

SYS:Your subscription is active.  The dude day is March 10 and it is $55.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Thank you for shopping with AcmeBrands! How may I help you?

USR:Hello, I would like to get a refund on an shirt I just purchased. I just changed my mind.

SYS:Okay, I can help you with that. May I have your full name?

USR:My name is David Williams

ACT:Account has been pulled up for David Williams.

SYS:To validate your purchase, may I also have your username, email address, and order ID?

USR:My user name is dw712724. My email address is dw712724@email.com and my order ID is 3348626793

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thanks! How would you like your refund processed?

USR:Whatever is easier, I would prefer the refund be sent back to my PayPal account.

SYS:I'm sorry, we can't offer Paypal refunds at this time. You can do a gift card, add it back to your account, receive a paper check, or have it put directly back onto your credit card.

USR:If you could put it directly back on my credit card that would be great.

ACT:A reason of credit card has been recorded.

SYS:May I have your account ID to process the refund?

USR:BTHXID4XYD

ACT:Details of BTHXID4XYD have been entered.

SYS:How much should the refund be?

USR:$74

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $74.

SYS:Your refund has been put onto your credit card. Is there anything else you need?

USR:No, that is all. Thanks

SYS:You're welcome! Have a wonderful day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! Thank you for choosing AcmeBrands. How may I assist you?

USR:Hi

USR:I have an issue with my order and I am really upset

USR:I wanted to wear this calvin klein jacket that I ordered to a BBQ

USR:But it never arrived

USR:What's going on?????

SYS:I'm so sorry about that!

USR:I am so upset that I couldn't wear it

SYS:May I get your full name, please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:To validate your purchase, may I please get your Username, Email Address, and Order ID?

USR:sanyaa57

USR:sanyaa57@email.com

USR:7724950652

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you so much, Sanya. May I ask how long you've been waiting for your order to arrive?

USR:5 WHOLE DAYS

USR:It feels like forever

ACT:A reason of 5 has been recorded.

SYS:I completely understand your desire to be bar-be-cute at your get together!

USR:lol

USR:right

USR:the jacket would have been so perfect for the BBQ

SYS:Because your order has been out for delivery for less than 7 days, it's very likely that it's still in transit and is just delayed.

USR::( ughh

USR:really???

USR:is that allowed?

SYS:I know, I sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.

SYS:Your patience is greatly appreciated! Please feel free to contact us again if 7 days has passed and your order has not arrived.

USR:so, you don't need to resend the order?

USR:because 5 days is a lot time

USR:I feel like there's an issue with the shipment

USR:long time, i mean

SYS:We'll gladly resend the order if/when 7 or more days pass without delivery.

USR:I guess I'll have to deal with that :)

SYS:I do apologize again, I know that 5 days can feel like a long while.

USR:it's okay

USR:it's not your fault

USR:but it is really annoying

SYS:Thank you so much Sanya, we appreciate your business and your patience.

USR:okay

SYS:Is there anything more I may help you with today?

USR:i will see if it comes soon

USR:no that was it

SYS:I'll cross my fingers for you! :)

USR:thanks :)

SYS:Thank you so much for contacting AcmeBrands customer service. Goodbye!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:when does the spring collection drop off?

SYS:When does the spring collection begin?

SYS:I can help

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question1) was selected.

SYS:It is always the third day of the month for each season

SYS:Spring comes out April 3rd

USR:thanks

SYS:You're welcome. Anything else?

USR:no that is all

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:I was going to log in to check on my order, but my username seems to be wrong

USR:can you help me retrieve it

SYS:Sure

SYS:Can you tell me your full name or account ID?

USR:Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Okay, I'm going to need to verify your identity

SYS:Can you please tell me your zip code and either your phone number or your email?

USR:87178 alessandrop597@email.com

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:Okay, I was able to successfully verify your identity

SYS:Your username is: aphoenix1

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Thanks for the help, that was all

SYS:Have a great day!

<|endoftext|>USR:Hello!

SYS:Hi! How can I help you today?

USR:I need to return some boots

SYS:Okay, I can help you return your boots.

SYS:Is there a problem with them?

USR:They are the wrong size

USR:I guessed on the size and I was way off

SYS:No problem, May I get your full name.

USR:Albert Sanders

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Do you have your username, Albert?

USR:albertsanders230

SYS:and an email address and order ID, please?

USR:The order ID is: 7294050987

USR:albertsanders230@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Albert, what is your membership level?

USR:Guest

SYS:What was the purchase date on the order?

USR:2020-01-01

ACT:Membership level of Guest has been noted.

SYS:I'm sorry, the return period for that item is only 30 days.

USR:Oh, can I exchange them for a different size?

SYS:I'm afraid that is only allowed within the initial 30 days. Is there something else that I can help you with?

USR:No, that was it

SYS:Sorry I was unable to issue you a refund, have a great day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>USR:hi

SYS:Hello! How can I help you today?

USR:I want to return an item

USR:it has a stain

USR:Product: Boots

SYS:Sure. i can help you with that.

SYS:Can I have your full name or account ID please so I can pull up your account.

USR:Name: Joyce Wu

SYS:Thank you Joyce.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:Now I need your username, email address, and order ID to validate the purchase

USR:Username: jw838310

USR:Email Address: jw838310@email.com

USR:Order ID: 4168249619

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you! And what is your membership level?

USR:Member Level: Silver

ACT:Membership level of Silver has been noted.

SYS:When did you purchase the item you wish to return?

USR:Purchase Date: 2019-11-20

SYS:I can process the return for you. Can I have your full address so you can print out a shipping label.

USR:Address: 3935 Kennedy St  La Fayette, CA 67942

ACT:Details of 3935 Kennedy St La Fayette, CA 67942 have been entered.

SYS:Thank you!

SYS:How would you like to return the item? In store, by mail, or at a drop off center?

USR:mail

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Ok. you are all set. Is there anything else I can help you with today?

USR:no thank you

SYS:I hope you have a great day!

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how may I help you?

USR:Hello I need more info on my order status I got an email and I dont get it

SYS:Okay, can I have your full name?

USR:The shipping status says delivered now I need to know the address it was delivered to my email says something different

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

USR:Does it say delivered?

SYS:Let me check that for you, I'll need your account ID and order ID.

USR:8437717205

USR:ZIIIZRH5JE

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:I'll need to validate your purchase with your username and email address

USR:jbanter6@email.com

USR: jbanter6

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I see, so the address on the email was wrong? What is the correct address for the delivery?

USR:please confirm for me was it sent to 4746 Woodshore St  Baltimore, CA 60580

SYS:Unfortunately it was sent elsewhere, I will update the order to have it shipped to your correct address.

ACT:Order has been updated with change address.

SYS:I'm very sorry for the inconvenience, your order should arrive very shortly.

USR:Wait, So it was not sent to 4746 Woodshore St Baltimore, CA 60580

USR:???

SYS:No, it was not.

USR:oh boy

SYS:The package will be collected and re-shipped to your correct address.

USR:Wow okay

SYS:I'm very sorry! Is there anything else you need today?

USR:As long as it is fixed now, I suppose not thanks though

SYS:Okay, thank you for your patience. Have a nice day.

<|endoftext|>USR:hello?

SYS:Hello, can I help you?

USR:I think I may have been charged for my subscription twice.

SYS:Sure, let's take a look. What is your full name?

USR: Alessandro Phoenix

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Alessandro Phoenix.

SYS:Next, I need your account ID and the order number please.

USR:Order ID: 4127565052

USR:Account ID: HXFSOAYENL

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:and what membership level are you?

USR:Guest

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:Alright. I looked over your account and there does appear to have been an error. What was the price you paid for the subscription?

USR:$40 is what I was expecting but it charged me that twice.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $40.

SYS:Alright, I have refunded the double charge to the credit card you have on file. Sorry for the double charge.

SYS:Is there anything else I can do for you?

USR:Thank you I appreciate it. That's all I needed.

SYS:No problem. You have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How can I help?

USR:Hi

USR:I wanted to see if I could move the delivery of my order to next week

USR:I would like to avoid paying any shipping fee

SYS:Alright let's check, may I have your full name, account ID and order ID to verify?

USR:Rodriguez Domingo

USR:Account ID: GLVA9XP00K

USR:Order ID: 6039117197

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:What is your shipping status?

USR:Out for Delivery

SYS:What is your membership level?

USR:GUEST

SYS:Sorry, since it is already out for delivery and you are a guest, I can do nothing.

SYS:Was there anything else you needed help with today/

USR:I see

USR:Thats all. Thank you

SYS:Have a good day, sorry I couldn't help.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can i help you

USR:I 'm trying to get into my account and can't remember my username

SYS:Okay could i get your full name or account id please

USR:Crystal Minh

SYS:I am also gonna need 2 of your zip code email adress or phone number

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

USR:phone # 037-812-4724

USR:zip code 26363

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

SYS:okay, your username is cminh1 Is there anything else i can help you with today

USR:Nope that is all.  Thank you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi I think there was an error on an order I made

USR:the cost of shipping appears to be too high

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:Albert Sanders

SYS:thanks Albert.

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:To validate your purchase, can I have your username, email address and order id please?

USR:username is alberts5

USR:alberts5@email.com

USR:the order id is 5481803193

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Perfect. Do you want a refund or downgrade your shipping?

USR:If possible I would like a refund of the shipping cost

USR:I still want the jacket

SYS:got it.

SYS:give me a second.

USR:ok

SYS:What is the shipping status of the order?

USR:I already got the package. Thats when I noticed the bill and saw the shipping

USR:Maybe their was an error?

ACT:Shipping status of order received has been noted.

SYS:Let me check for you.

USR:ok thanks

SYS:the best I can do is giving back the standard shipping of $8. Does that sound good?

USR:Yes, thank you

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $8.

USR:I appriciate it

SYS:the refund has been made.

USR:thanks again

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Nope, I'm good

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:AcmeBrands, how may I help you?

USR:Hi I cannot access your account because you lost the phone you use for two-factor authentication

SYS:Let me help you with that.

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

SYS:Hello

SYS:Are you still there?

SYS:Could I have your full name or account id?

USR:Name: Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Could I have your email address?

USR:Email Address: josephbanter168@email.com

ACT:Details of josephbanter168@email.com have been entered.

SYS:Thank you

SYS:The reset code will be sent to your email address.

SYS:A link for security best practices will also be sent.

USR:Ok great thank you

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Can I help you with anything else?

USR:No but thank you

SYS:Have a good day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you today?

USR:Hi, I want to check on the shipping status of my order.

SYS:Happy to help, may I have your full name please?

USR:I never got my package and I've been waiting for 9 days

USR:Joseph Banter

USR:and the order ID was 3704377605

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:To verify your identity, I also need your account id please.

USR:Sure, my account ID is UEWVHFGHQG

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:thanks Joseph.

SYS:Your identity is verified.

USR:No problem

SYS:to validate your purchase, can you give me your username and email address please?

USR:Okay

USR:Username: josephbanter935

USR:Email Address: josephbanter935@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

ACT:A reason of 9 has been recorded.

SYS:Since you have been waiting or more than a week, I will ship a new order to you.

SYS:Can you give me your address for the delivery?

USR:Okay, my address is 9524 Primrose Ave  La Fayette, CA 12081

USR:How much longer will I have to wait?

ACT:Order has been updated with 9524 Primrose Ave La Fayette, CA 12081.

SYS:Usually it will arrive in less than one week.

USR:Okay, hopefully it comes soon. Thanks for the help

SYS:What is the brand and type of product you ordered?

USR:I ordered Calvin Klein Jeans

ACT:A purchase of Calvin Klein Jeans was made.

SYS:Your new order has been made.

USR:Great, thanks

SYS:Great, is there anything else that I can help you with?

USR:Nope, that's all!

SYS:Have a nice day!

USR:You too

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello! What can I help you with today?

USR:Hi there. I would like to remove an item from my order. I accidently ordered the wrong size. I was only thinking of buying it but didnt mean to acually purchase.

SYS:No problem, can I have your name please?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

SYS:Can I also have your account ID and order ID number?

USR:Account ID: 1PWGLQ3DHA

USR:Order ID: 4672594082

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

SYS:Thank you, do you know if the item has shipped yet?

USR:It says delivered

SYS:Ok, then we will need to begin a return. Can I please have your username and email address?

USR:jbanter7

USR:jbanter7@email.com

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Great, thanks! What is your membership level and date of purchase?

USR:Guest

USR:Date of purchase: March 5, 2020

SYS:Do you still have the receipt?

USR:Yes

SYS:Perfect. Can I please have your address to print off a shipping label?

USR:3659 Brushwick Dr  Monterey, CA 37793

ACT:Details of 3659 Brushwick Dr Monterey, CA 37793 have been entered.

SYS:Also, would you like to return by mail or in store or a drop off location?

USR:by mail please

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Ok, that should be all set to be returned!

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Perfect, thank you. That is everything.

SYS:You're welcome!

<|endoftext|>SYS:good afternoon, how can I help you?

USR:I already have a refund coming to me, but I need to return the calvin klein shirt I ordered as well.

SYS:Do you just want to add a new product to your current return?

SYS:refund*

USR:Yes, please.

SYS:sure, could you give me your full name or account ID

USR:My name is Crystal Minh

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Crystal Minh.

SYS:in addition to this could you give me your order ID, email and username

SYS:please

USR:My Order ID is 9098629734, my email is crystalm495@email.com, and my username is crystalm495

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:everything in order, it would tell me the brand and type of product you want to add.

USR:It is a calvin Klein shirt

ACT:A reason of calvin Klein shirt has been recorded.

SYS:To finish, you would tell me the original price of your refund and the price of the product you want to add.

USR:My current refund was $100, and this shirt was $69.

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $169.

SYS:all set Miss

USR:Thank you.

SYS: a pleasure to help you

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, how may I help you today?

USR:Hi I want to return my order because its the wrong color

SYS:Oh no, I would happy to help you with this.

SYS:May I have your full name or account id please?

USR:Sanya Afzal

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Sanya Afzal.

SYS:Thank you may I please have your username, email address, and Order ID?

USR:Email Address: sa476511@email.com  Username: sa476511

USR:Order ID: 9793642012

ACT:Purchase validation in progress ...

SYS:Thank you Sanya and may I please have your membership level?

USR:Gold

ACT:Membership level of Gold has been noted.

SYS:Great, may I please have your address since you will need to print out a shipping label for this return?

USR:7343 Circle Drive  San Lima, TX 14396

ACT:Details of 7343 Circle Drive San Lima, TX 14396 have been entered.

SYS:Thank you and how will you be returning this item?

SYS:Options include by mail, in store, or drop off center.

USR:Mail

ACT:Order has been updated with by mail.

SYS:Great, is there anything else I may help you with today?

USR:thats all thanks

SYS:Thank you for contacting AcmeCorp, please be safe and stay well.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hello, how can I help you?

USR:Yes, I'm trying to check my account, but I totally forgot my password.  I'm afraid the system is going to lock me out or something.

SYS:Okay, I can help you retrieve your password

SYS:Can I please get your full name?

SYS:And also your email address so I can send you a link to reset your password?

USR:Oh, thank goodness!!  Rodriguez Domingo

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Rodriguez Domingo.

USR:Unfortunately, I can't remember which email I used.

SYS:There is an alternate method

SYS:Do you remember your PIN number?

USR:I think I have it written down.  Let me check...

USR:I found it.  It's 646804

ACT:Details of 646804 have been entered.

SYS:Okay, now I've verified your account, I can send a password reset link to the email we have on file

SYS:I'll also send a link on security best practices

ACT:A link will be sent.

USR:Oh that would be awesome.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help you with?

USR:Can you give me a temporary password so that I can try to log in?

SYS:I'm sorry, there's no technical way to do that on my end

SYS:We just send the password reset link

USR:Oh, okay.  That's weird because the last time this happened, they gave me one.  Oh, well.

SYS:Sorry for the inconvenience. Is there anything else you need?

USR:No, that's it.

SYS:Okay, have a great day.

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi how can I help you

USR:i am very upset I got charged twice for the Michael Kors boots I just bought!

USR:I don't pay for a premium subscription for this type of treatment.

SYS:Let me help you with that

USR:Ok help me get my money back please.

USR:are you still there?

SYS:Yes, just one moment please and we will get this resolved

USR:ok this is the slowest service ever

SYS:Can you tell me, have you recieved the item yet or did you just get an email confirmation of the order showing two items?

USR:I received one pair of boots and a bill for two pairs.

SYS:OK, let me get your full name

SYS:As well as your account id and order id

USR:Albert Sanders Account ID: JG2H0N1PFE

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Albert Sanders.

SYS:Ad the order id and we'll be all set

USR:Order ID: 5088627192

ACT:Identity verification in progess ...

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:OK I see the error is on our end and I will fix it for you

SYS:What was the price on the duplicate item?

USR:79 dollars

ACT:A refund has been made for the amount of $79.

SYS:All right a full refund has been made to your account

USR:thanks. I still think I'll cancel my premium subscription this company is awful

SYS:I'm sorry for the snafu

SYS:Anything else I can do for you today?

USR:thanks for helping. have a good day.

SYS:you too

<|endoftext|>SYS:hi how can i help you?

SYS:I hope you haven't had to wait for long today

USR:I forgot to add something to my order

SYS:Oh let me see what I can do - what is your name?

USR:I did last time I called but I decided to retry

USR:Joyce Wu

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joyce Wu.

SYS:sorry to hear that Joyce

SYS:thanks for giving us another chance!

USR:Youre welcome

USR:Can you see if micheal know is in stock

SYS:O need your account & order ID please

USR:GHKQINJCY5

SYS:is that what we are adding to your order?

USR:3774968881

ACT:Identity verification in progress ...

USR:Yes I need size xl

SYS:can I have your shipping status please

USR:Order received

SYS:ok, then I can certainly help you with that

SYS:what would you like to order?

SYS:Michael Kors?

USR:Yes

SYS:what item please?

SYS:was it a shirt?

USR:Yes

ACT:A purchase of Michael Kors shirt was made.

SYS:okay, you are all set.

SYS:is there anything else?

SYS:hope you like the shirt

USR:No ty put on my card file

<|endoftext|>SYS:Hi! How may i help you today?

USR:Hi! I want to know if my account includes international shipping

SYS:Sure I can help with that. Can I have your full name?

USR:Joseph Banter

ACT:Account has been pulled up for Joseph Banter.

ACT:Querying the system for an answer ...

SYS:I do see that your account does offer free international shipping.  I'll also send you a link where you can find this information anytime

ACT:A link will be sent.

SYS:Is there anything else I can help with today?

USR:That is great! Let me place my order now.

USR:Thank you! That is all

SYS:You're Welcome! Enjoy the rest of your day

<|endoftext|>SYS:Welcome to AcmeBrands. How may I help?

USR:Hello, I wanted to know when the promo code could be used?

USR:I really want to make a purchase at AcmeBrands

SYS:OK. let me check.

ACT:Searching the FAQ pages ...

ACT:System Action: search timing

ACT:FAQ answer related to timing (question4) was selected.

SYS:Promo codes expire 7 days after they are issued.

SYS:Please check the date on the bottom of the coupon

SYS:They can be used on all items except jewelry

SYS:Please note, it does not apply to for sale items or shipping and fees

SYS:Enjoy!

SYS:Anything else I can help with?

SYS:Anything else?

<|endoftext|>