 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 
 = = = Characters = = = 
 
 A number of characters from past Crash Bandicoot games return in Crash Boom Bang ! , though only eight are playable . The playable characters include Crash Bandicoot , Coco Bandicoot , Crunch Bandicoot , Pura , Doctor Neo Cortex , Tawna , Pinstripe Potoroo , and Fake Crash . All of the characters physically appear as they do in official Japanese Crash Bandicoot artwork and promotions ( which was the only Sierra Entertainment video game to be introduced the official Japanese Crash Bandicoot artwork and promotions ) , though Crash 's model was altered for the non @-@ Japanese releases to closer resemble his Crash Twinsanity model . The host of the party , the Viscount , is an original character designed specifically for the game . His name in the original Japanese version is " Viscount Devil " , a reference to the Tasmanian devil native to Australia . Other past characters make cameos in the game at one point or another , such as the Lab Assistants , Doctor N. Gin , Tiny Tiger , Doctor Nefarious Tropy and Polar . Aku Aku serves as the player 's tutor , while Uka Uka makes a cameo appearance as a purchaseable item in the shop . 
 
 = = = Story = = = 
 
 While developing a resort in Tasmania , the Viscount finds a map of an ancient city containing the fabled Super Big Power Crystal . He attempts to find it himself , but due to the large amount of puzzles , he fails miserably . In the resort , the Viscount decides to gather up the world 's cleverest and strongest bunch of characters and con them into finding the Crystal for him . He sends an invitation to Coco Bandicoot , inviting her and Crash to the World Cannonball Race , where the winner earns $ 100 @,@ 000 @,@ 000 . 
 The race starts in Port Town , with the winners traveling in a boat to a large desert . Legend has it that four stone tablets are buried somewhere in the desert , and the contestants are sent out to dig for them and bring them to the Viscount . According to the stone tablets , the actual location of the Crystal is hidden somewhere on the ancient map . Before he can investigate the matter further , Doctor Neo Cortex swoops in and snatches the map . As the two struggle for the map , the map is torn to shreds . 
 Cortex sends his loyal Lab Assistants to find the pieces of the map scattered throughout the big City and bring them to him . Now that the contestants know about the map , the Viscount decides to reveal his true intentions : the Super Big Power Crystal can grant a single wish who whoever obtains it , and the Viscount is willing to give a large sum of money to those who help him find it . Finding the Power Crystal is impossible without the Final Key , so the Viscount boards his plane to travel to the North Atlantic Ocean in search for the Final Key . But the plane is full , and only a select number of the contestants are able to board . Propelled to the skies by an explosive volcano , the contestants are able to board the Viscount 's plane . 
 On the Viscount 's ship , the Viscount tells the group the story of an explorer who found the Final Key , but was unable to find the Power Crystal . That explorer was the Viscount 's grandfather . As the explorer sailed back to his homeland to recollect his thoughts , his ship crashed into an iceberg and sank , taking the Viscount 's grandfather to a watery grave . " Sounds like a movie " , remarks one of the attendees . The Viscount tells them to dive to the sunken ship and retrieve the Final Key , much to their shock , considering the near @-@ freezing temperatures . Despite this , the group is able to find the Final Key before freezing to death . With all the pieces of the puzzle at hand , the Viscount victoriously enters the Tower , where the Super Big Power Crystal awaits its owner . Just as the Viscount is about to make his wish , Crash steps forward and makes his wish of a large pile of Wumpa Fruit , much to the Viscount 's grief . " May peace prevail on Earth " , says Coco . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 On developing the mobile phone version of Crash Boom Bang ! , producer Elodie Larre described adapting a party game for the mobile phone as a " big challenge " . Not wanting to make " another multiplayer game where the players just pass the phone to each other " and hoping to attract both old and new fans of the series , the development team decided to integrate the mobile phone itself into the minigames , creating such minigame gimmicks as playing with one hand behind the back , with one eye closed , playing with the chin , etc . The biggest challenge for the team was keeping the minigames inside the phone 's memory , which was cited as slightly inferior to the first PlayStation console . The WarioWare series was described as an influence in making the game . 
 Crash Boom Bang ! is the first game in the series to exclusively feature the Japanese voice cast in all regional versions of the game . The voice cast includes Makoto Ishii in the dual role of Crash and Fake Crash , Risa Tsubaki as Coco , Yōsuke Akimoto as Doctor Cortex , Shinya Fukumatsu as Crunch , Akiko Toda as Tawna , Asuka Tanii as Pura , and Takahiro Yoshino as Pinstripe . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Crash Boom Bang ! received mostly negative reviews , with the game receiving an average ranking of 42 @.@ 45 % at Game Rankings , and a score of 37 out of 100 based on fourteen reviews at Metacritic . Frank Provo of GameSpot criticized the game for its dull minigames and purely cosmetic Crash license , citing that " apart from the way the characters look and the way the Nitro boxes explode , [ ... ] there isn 't a whole lot that 's Crash @-@ like about Crash Boom Bang ! " . Nintendo Power recommended the game only to die @-@ hard Crash fans and advised others to wait for Crash 's next outing . Lesley Smith of Eurogamer criticized the game for a number or reasons , including bad stylus recognition , boring gameplay , terrible graphics and rigged , repetitive mini @-@ games . IGN 's review was one of the most scathing , dubbing Crash Boom Bang ! " a terrible , terrible game with poor organization " and " easily one of the worst games on the system " . More middling reviews have come in from Official Nintendo Magazine , who felt the game was hampered by dodgy controls and a testing user interface , and Pocket Gamer 's Jon Jordan , who dismissed the game 's collection of minigames as " distinctly average and oddly passionless " . Despite the negative reception , Crash Boom Bang ! was the seventh best @-@ selling game in Australia on the week of June 4 to June 10 , 2007 . 
 
 
 = Grade I listed buildings in Somerset = 
 
 The Grade I listed buildings in Somerset , England , demonstrate the history and diversity of its architecture . The ceremonial county of Somerset consists of a non @-@ metropolitan county , administered by Somerset County Council , which is divided into five districts , and two unitary authorities . The districts of Somerset are West Somerset , South Somerset , Taunton Deane , Mendip and Sedgemoor . The two administratively independent unitary authorities , which were established on 1 April 1996 following the breakup of the county of Avon , are North Somerset and Bath and North East Somerset . These unitary authorities include areas that were once part of Somerset before the creation of Avon in 1974 . 
 In the United Kingdom , the term listed building refers to a building or other structure officially designated as being of special architectural , historical , or cultural significance ; Grade I structures are those considered to be " buildings of exceptional interest " . Listing was begun by a provision in the Town and Country Planning Act 1947 . Once listed , strict limitations are imposed on the modifications allowed to a building 's structure or fittings . In England , the authority for listing under the Planning ( Listed Buildings and Conservation Areas ) Act 1990 rests with English Heritage , a non @-@ departmental public body sponsored by the Department for Culture , Media and Sport ; local authorities have a responsibility to regulate and enforce the planning regulations . 
 Each of the districts include Norman- or medieval @-@ era churches , many of which are included in the Somerset towers , a collection of distinctive , mostly spireless Gothic architecture church towers . The prolific construction of the towers — some started before 1360 — was typically accomplished by a master mason and a small team of itinerant masons , supplemented by local parish labourers , according to Poyntz Wright . But other authors reject this model , suggesting instead that leading architects designed the parish church towers based on early examples of Perpendicular design and ornamentation developed for cathedrals — their most important commissions . Contract builders carried out the plans , adding a distinctive mix of innovative details and decorations as new designs emerged over the years . These are included in the List of towers in Somerset . 
 Apart from the churches , each area has its own characteristics . Most of Bath 's Grade I listed buildings are made from the local golden @-@ coloured Bath Stone , and date from the 18th and 19th centuries . Their dominant architectural style is Georgian . In the Mendip district , the greatest concentrations of these cluster around the cathedral and abbey in Wells and in Glastonbury . North Somerset features bridges and piers along with a selection of Manor houses . The Sedgemoor district has many buildings related to trade and commerce centered on Bridgwater ; while in South Somerset abbeys , priories and farmhouses predominate . Taunton Deane includes the defensive Taunton Castle , similarly Dunster Castle and related buildings in Dunster feature in West Somerset . 
 
 = = Bath and North East Somerset = = 
 
 Bath and North East Somerset ( commonly referred to as BANES or B & NES ) is a unitary authority created on 1 April 1996 , following the abolition of the County of Avon . Bath and North East Somerset occupies an area of 220 square miles ( 570 km2 ) , two @-@ thirds of which is green belt . BANES stretches from the outskirts of Bristol , south into the Mendip Hills and east to the southern Cotswold Hills and Wiltshire border . The city of Bath is the principal settlement in the district , but BANES also covers Keynsham , Midsomer Norton , Radstock and the Chew Valley . BANES has a population of 170 @,@ 000 , about half of whom live in Bath , making it 12 times more densely populated than the rest of the district . 
 Bath and North East Somerset has 663 Grade I listed buildings , one of the highest concentrations in the country , covered by about 100 English Heritage listings . The oldest sites within Bath are the Roman Baths , for which the foundation piles and an irregular stone chamber lined with lead were built during the Roman occupation of Britain , although the current building is from the 18th century . Bath Abbey was a Norman church built on earlier foundations , although the present building dates from the early 16th century and shows a late Perpendicular style with flying buttresses and crocketed pinnacles decorating a crenellated and pierced parapet . The medieval era is represented by the remains of the city walls in Upper Borough Walls . 
 Most of Bath 's Grade I listed buildings are made from the local golden @-@ coloured Bath Stone , and date from the 18th and 19th centuries . Their dominant architectural style is Georgian , which evolved from the Palladian revival style that became popular during the early 18th century . This led to the entire city 's designation as a World Heritage Site . 
 Much of the development , and many of the buildings , were the vision of John Wood , the Elder . The Circus is seen as the pinnacle of Wood 's work . It consists of three long , curved terraces that form a circular space or theatre intended for civic functions and games . The games give a clue to the design , the inspiration for which was the Colosseum in Rome . The best known of Bath 's terraces is the Royal Crescent , built between 1767 and 1774 and designed by Wood 's son , John Wood , the Younger . Around 1770 the neoclassical architect Robert Adam designed Pulteney Bridge , a three @-@ arched bridge spanning the Avon . He used as his prototype an original , but unused , design by Palladio for the Rialto Bridge in Venice . The heart of the Georgian city was the Pump Room , which together with its associated Lower Assembly Rooms was designed by Thomas Baldwin , a local builder responsible for many other buildings in the city , including the terraces in Argyle Street . Great Pulteney Street , where Baldwin eventually lived , is another of his works : this wide boulevard , constructed c . 1789 and over 1 @,@ 000 feet ( 305 m ) long and 100 feet ( 30 m ) wide , is lined on both sides by Georgian terraces . 
 Outside the city of Bath most of the Grade I listed buildings are Norman- or medieval @-@ era churches . Manor houses such as Claverton Manor , which now houses the American Museum in Britain , and the 18th @-@ century Newton Park , which has a landscape garden designed by Capability Brown , also appear in the list ; Newton Park now forms part of the Bath Spa University . The most recent building is the agricultural Eastwood Manor Farm Steading , completed in 1860 . 
 
 = = Mendip = = 
 
 Mendip is a local government district which covers a largely rural area of 285 square miles ( 738 km2 ) ranging from the Mendip Hills through on to the Somerset Levels . It has a population of approximately 11 @,@ 000 . The administrative centre of the district is Shepton Mallet . 
 There are 90 Grade I listed buildings in the Mendip district . There are churches in the various towns and villages , however the greatest concentrations of Grade I listed buildings are in Wells and Glastonbury . In Wells these are clustered around the 10th @-@ century Cathedral Church of St Andrew , better known as Wells Cathedral , and the 13th @-@ century Bishop 's Palace . Glastonbury is the site of the Abbey , where construction started in the 7th century , and its associated buildings . The ruined St Michael 's church , damaged in an earthquake of 1275 , stands on Glastonbury Tor , where the site shows evidence of occupation from Neolithic times and the Dark Ages . The Chalice Well has been in use since Pre @-@ Christian times . Glastonbury Abbey had a wider influence outside the town : tithe barns were built at Pilton and West Bradley to hold tithes , and a Fish House was built at Meare along with a summer residence for the Abbot ( now Manor Farmhouse ) . 
 Medieval structures include Farleigh Hungerford Castle , fortified around 1370 , and The George Inn at Norton St Philip , used as an army headquarters during the Monmouth Rebellion in 1685 , and then as a courtroom to try the rebels in the Bloody Assizes . Manor houses such as the 15th @-@ century Seymours Court Farmhouse at Beckington and The Old Manor at Croscombe . Mells Manor followed in the 16th century and in the 17th century Southill House in Cranmore was built . Ston Easton Park and Ammerdown House in Kilmersdon were both completed in the 18th century . The most recent buildings included in the list are churches : the Church of St Peter at Hornblotton , built in 1872 – 74 by Sir Thomas Graham Jackson to replace a medieval church on the same site , and Downside Abbey at Stratton @-@ on @-@ the @-@ Fosse , more formally known as " The Basilica of St Gregory the Great at Downside " , a Roman Catholic Benedictine monastery and the Senior House of the English Benedictine Congregation . The current buildings were started in the 19th century and are still unfinished . 
 
 = = North Somerset = = 
 
 North Somerset is a unitary authority which is administered independently of the non @-@ metropolitan county of Somerset . Its administrative headquarters are located in the town hall of Weston @-@ super @-@ Mare , and has a resident population of 193 @,@ 000 living in 85 @,@ 000 households . 
 There are 37 Grade I listed buildings in North Somerset , including the Clifton Suspension Bridge , which joins North Somerset to Bristol and Clevedon Pier which was built between the 1860s and 1890s . It was removed following damage in 1970 and restored , before being rebuilt and reopened to the public in 1998 . Of the listed buildings , manor houses are well represented . They include Clevedon Court , built in the 14th century , and from the 15th century , Ashton Court and Nailsea Court . North Somerset has many religious structures ; the largest number are from the Norman or medieval eras . The oldest is the Church of St. Quiricus and St. Julietta in Tickenham which dates from the 11th century , and there are 8 others from the 12th century . 
 The most recent Grade I building in North Somerset is Tyntesfield , a Victorian Gothic Revival estate near Wraxall . It was acquired by the National Trust in June 2002 after a fund raising campaign to prevent it being sold to private interests and ensure it be opened to the public . The appeal by the National Trust collected £ 8 @.@ 2 million from the public in just 100 days and the Trust also received the largest single grant ever by the National Heritage Memorial Fund ( at £ 17 @.@ 4 million ) , which caused some controversy . The house is built of Bath stone , and is highly picturesque , bristling with turrets and possessing an elaborate roof . 
 
 = = Sedgemoor = = 
 
 Sedgemoor district is a low @-@ lying area of land close to sea level between the Quantock and Mendip hills , historically largely marsh ( or moor ) . It contains the bulk of the area also known as the Somerset Levels , including Europe 's oldest known engineered roadway , the Sweet Track . 
 There are 53 Grade I listed buildings in Sedgemoor , 14 of which are in Castle Street , Bridgwater . In 1834 , Castle Street was built on the site of the demolished Bridgwater Castle , as homes for the merchants trading in the town 's port . Outside the town of Bridgwater , the largest concentration of Grade I listed buildings are in the village of Cannington , where the 12th @-@ century Cannington Court and 14th @-@ century Church of St Mary were both associated with a Benedictine nunnery . Cannington is also the site of the 13th @-@ century Gurney Manor and Blackmoor Farmhouse , which was built around 1480 with its own chapel . Although 11th @-@ century churches such as the Church of St Michael at Brent Knoll and the Church of St Mary at Charlynch near Spaxton are still standing only blue lias rubble walling standing on a conical earthwork with a ditch approximately 820 feet ( 250 m ) in circumference are the only remains of Stowey Castle which was destroyed in the 15th century , which may have been as a penalty for the local Lord Audley 's involvement in the Second Cornish Uprising of 1497 led by Perkin Warbeck . 
 Many of the more recent structures in the list are manor houses such as Halswell House , where the south range was built in the 16th @-@ century for Sir Nicholas Halswell and the main north range in 1689 for Sir Halswell Tynte . The most recently constructed building in the list is the Corn Exchange in Bridgwater , built in 1834 . 
 
 = = South Somerset = = 
 
 The South Somerset district occupies an area of 370 square miles ( 958 km2 ) , stretching from its borders with Devon and Dorset to the edge of the Somerset Levels . The district has a population of about 158 @,@ 000 , and has Yeovil as its administrative centre . 
 There are 94 Grade I listed buildings in South Somerset . Most are Norman- or medieval @-@ era churches , but there are other religious buildings as well . Muchelney Abbey consists of the remains and foundations of a medieval Benedictine Abbey and an early Tudor house dating from the 16th century , formerly the lodgings of the resident abbot . Stavordale Priory was built as a priory church in the 13th century and was converted into a private residence in 1533 . The Hamstone Stoke sub Hamdon Priory is a 14th @-@ century former priest 's house of the chantry chapel of St Nicholas , which after 1518 become a farm known as Parsonage Farmhouse . It remained a farm until about 1960 , and has been owned by the National Trust since 1946 . 
 Since the Reformation the 13th @-@ century Hanging Chapel in Langport has been a town hall , courthouse , grammar school , museum , and armoury before becoming a masonic hall in 1891 . The house known as The Abbey in Charlton Mackrell takes its name from the site on which it was built , the Chantry Chapel of the Holy Spirit , founded in 1237 . Naish Priory , built around 1400 in East Coker , was never a priory , and similarly the Abbey Farm House and Abbey Barn in Yeovil which date from around 1420 , have always been in lay @-@ ownership ; " abbey " was added to their names in the 19th century . The 140 @-@ foot ( 43 m ) Burton Pynsent Monument was designed in 1757 , by Capability Brown for William Pitt , as a monument to Sir William Pynsent . King Alfred 's Tower , a 161 feet ( 49 m ) high , triangular edifice , stands near Egbert 's stone , where it is believed that Alfred the Great , King of Wessex , rallied the Saxons in May 878 before the Battle of Ethandun . The towers funder , Henry Hoare , planned for it to commemorate the end of the Seven Years ' War against France and the accession of King George III . The other Grade I listed buildings in South Somerset are manor houses , built over long periods by local Lords of the Manor . The Tudor Barrington Court was the first country house acquired by the National Trust , in 1907 , on the recommendation of the antiquarian Canon Hardwicke Rawnsley . Newton Surmaville was built between 1608 and 1612 for Robert Harbin , a Yeovil merchant , on the site of an earlier building , but was extensively altered and enhanced in the 1870s . Lytes Cary and its associated chapel and gardens have parts dating to as early as the 14th century . The architectural historian Nikolaus Pevsner praised it , saying " Yet all parts blend to perfection with one another and with the gentle sunny landscape that surrounds them . " The 17th @-@ century house at Tintinhull is surrounded by a small 20th @-@ century Arts and Crafts garden . Ven House , which stands on an artificially raised terrace , has a rectangular plan of seven bays by five bays , and is built of red brick in Flemish bond , with local Hamstone dressings ; its north and south fronts are divided by two giant Corinthian pilasters . The small William and Mary style house was completed sometime between 1698 and 1700 . It was enlarged between 1725 and 1730 by Decimus Burton , who provided a new drawing @-@ room for Sir W. Medleycott and also an orangery attached to the house . Brympton d 'Evercy , built in stages between about 1220 and the 18th century , has been described , by Auberon Waugh , as " the most beautiful house in England " . 
 
 = = Taunton Deane = = 
 
 Taunton Deane has borough status . The district of Taunton Deane covers a population of approximately 100 @,@ 000 in an area of 462 square kilometres ( 178 sq mi ) . It is centered on the town of Taunton , where around 60 @,@ 000 of the population live and the council are based , and includes surrounding suburbs and villages . 
 There are 38 Grade I listed buildings in Taunton Deane . The oldest buildings are churches built before the end of the 12th century , and the Castle Bow , which has been incorporated into the Castle Hotel in Taunton but was originally a gateway into Taunton Castle . The castle was created between 1107 and 1129 , when William Giffard , the Chancellor of King Henry I , fortified the bishop 's hall . It was his successor , Henry of Blois , who transformed the manor @-@ house into a castle in 1138 , during the Civil War that raged during the reign of his brother , King Stephen . Taunton is also the site of Gray 's Alsmhouses , which dates from 1635 , and two buildings in Fore Street from the 16th century . Many of the more recent structures in the list are manor houses such as Cothay Manor and Greenham Barton which were built in Stawley in the 15th century . Poundisford Park and Cothelstone Manor were both built in the 16th century and Hatch Court in 1755 . 
 The most recent building included in the list is in the Quantock Hills . The original 16th century Hestercombe House , was rebuilt in 1909 . In addition to being a listed building the estate is designated Grade I on the English Heritage Register of Parks and Gardens of Special Historic Interest in England . The house was used as the headquarters of the British 8th Corps in the Second World War , and has been owned by Somerset County Council since 1951 . It is used as an administrative centre and is the current base for the Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service . 
 
 = = West Somerset = = 
 
 The West Somerset local government district covers a largely rural area , including parts of Exmoor , with a population , according to the 2001 census , of 35 @,@ 075 in an area of 740 square kilometres ( 290 sq mi ) . The largest centres of population are the coastal towns of Minehead and Watchet . The council 's administrative headquarters are in the village of Williton . 
 There are 33 Grade I listed buildings in West Somerset . The oldest is either Culbone Church , one of the smallest churches in England , and pre @-@ Norman in origin , or Tarr Steps , which may originate in the Bronze Age , although other sources date them from around 1400 . Dunster has the greatest concentration of Grade I listed buildings , including Dunster Castle , which was built in 1617 on a site which had supported a castle for the previous 600 years ; the Yarn Market , which was built in 1609 ; Gallox Bridge , which dates from the 15th century and the Priory Church of St George which is predominately from the 15th century but includes part of the earlier church on the same site . Other sites include manor houses such as the medieval buildings at Nettlecombe Court and Orchard Wyndham . 
 
 
 = Gertrude Barrows Bennett = 
 
 Gertrude Barrows Bennett ( 1883 – 1948 ) was the first major female writer of fantasy and science fiction in the United States , publishing her stories under the pseudonym Francis Stevens . Bennett wrote a number of highly acclaimed fantasies between 1917 and 1923 and has been called " the woman who invented dark fantasy " . 
 Her most famous books include Claimed ( which Augustus T. Swift , in a letter to The Argosy called " One of the strangest and most compelling science fantasy novels you will ever read " ) and the lost world novel The Citadel of Fear . 
 Bennett also wrote an early dystopian novel , The Heads of Cerberus ( 1919 ) . 
 
 = = Life = = 
 
 Gertrude Mabel Barrows was born in Minneapolis in 1883 . She completed school through the eighth grade , then attended night school in hopes of becoming an illustrator ( a goal she never achieved ) . Instead , she began working as a stenographer , a job she held on and off for the rest of her life . 
 In 1909 Barrows married Stewart Bennett , a British journalist and explorer , and moved to Philadelphia . A year later her husband died while on an expedition . With a new @-@ born daughter to raise , Bennett continued working as a stenographer . When her father died toward the end of World War I , Bennett assumed care for her invalid mother . 
 During this time period Bennett began to write a number of short stories and novels , only stopping when her mother died in 1920 . In the mid @-@ 1920s , she moved to California . Because Bennett was estranged from her daughter , for a number of years researchers believed Bennett died in 1939 ( the date of her final letter to her daughter ) . However , new research , including her death certificate , shows that she died in 1948 . 
 
 = = Writing career = = 
 
 Bennett wrote her first short story at age 17 , a science fiction story titled " The Curious Experience of Thomas Dunbar " . She mailed the story to Argosy , then one of the top pulp magazines . The story was accepted and published in the March 1904 issue . 
 Once Bennett began to take care of her mother , she decided to return to fiction writing as a means of supporting her family . The first story she completed after her return to writing was the novella " The Nightmare , " which appeared in All @-@ Story Weekly in 1917 . The story is set on an island separated from the rest of the world , on which evolution has taken a different course . " The Nightmare " resembles Edgar Rice Burroughs ' The Land That Time Forgot , itself published a year later . While Bennett had submitted " The Nightmare " under her own name , she had asked to use a pseudonym if it was published . The magazine 's editor chose not to use the pseudonym Bennett suggested ( Jean Vail ) and instead credited the story to Francis Stevens . When readers responded positively to the story , Bennett chose to continue writing under the name . 
 Over the next few years , Bennett wrote a number of short stories and novellas . Her short story " Friend Island " ( All @-@ Story Weekly , 1918 ) , for example , is set in a 22nd @-@ century ruled by women . Another story is the novella " Serapion " ( Argosy , 1920 ) , about a man possessed by a supernatural creature . This story has been released in an electronic book entitled Possessed : A Tale of the Demon Serapion , with three other stories by her . Many of her short stories have been collected in The Nightmare and Other Tales of Dark Fantasy ( University of Nebraska Press , 2004 ) . 
 In 1918 she published her first , and perhaps best , novel The Citadel of Fear ( Argosy , 1918 ) . This lost world story focuses on a forgotten Aztec city , which is " rediscovered " during World War I. It was in the introduction to a 1952 reprint edition of the novel which revealed for the first time that " Francis Stevens " was Bennett 's pen @-@ name . 
 A year later she published her only science fiction novel , The Heads of Cerberus ( The Thrill Book , 1919 ) . One of the first dystopian novels , the book features a " grey dust from a silver phial " which transports anyone who inhales it to a totalitarian Philadelphia of 2118 AD 
 One of Bennett 's most famous novels was Claimed ( Argosy , 1920 ; reprinted 1966 and 2004 ) , in which a supernatural artifact summons an ancient and powerful god to 20th century New Jersey . Augustus T. Swift called the novel , " One of the strangest and most compelling science fantasy novels you will ever read " ) . 
 
 = = Influence = = 
 
 Bennett has been credited as having " the best claim at creating the new genre of dark fantasy " . It has been said that Bennett 's writings influenced both H. P. Lovecraft and A. Merritt , both of whom " emulated Bennett 's earlier style and themes " . Lovecraft was even said to have praised Bennett 's work . However , there is controversy about whether or not this actually happened and the praise appears to have resulted from letters wrongly attributed to Lovecraft . 
 As for Merritt , for several decades critics and readers believed " Francis Stevens " was a pseudonym of his . This rumor only ended with the 1952 reprinting of Citadel of Fear , which featured a biographical introduction of Bennett by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach . 
 Critic Sam Moskowitz said she was the " greatest woman writer of science fiction in the period between Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley and C.L. Moore " . 
 Because Bennett was the first American woman to have her fantasy and science fiction widely published , she has been recognized in recent years as a pioneering female fantasy author . 
 
 = = = Novels = = = 
 
 The Citadel of Fear ( 1918 ; reprinted in Famous Fantastic Mysteries , February 1942 , and in paperback form in 1970 , [ NY : Paperback Library ] and 1984 [ NY : Carroll & Graf ] ) 
 The Labyrinth ( serialized in All @-@ Story Weekly , July 27 , August 3 , and August 10 , 1918 ; later reprinted as a paperback novel ) 
 The Heads of Cerberus 1st book edition . 1952 , Cloth , also leather backed , Reading , PA . Polaris Press ( Subsidiary of Fantasy Fress , Inc . ) ill . Ric Binkley . Intro by Lloyd Arthur Eshbach ( Thrill Book , 15 August 1919 ; reprinted as a paperback novel in 1952 and 1984 ) 
 Avalon ( serialized in Argosy , August 16 to September 6 , 1919 ; not reprinted ) 
 Claimed ( 1920 ; reprinted in 1985 , 1996 , and 2004 ) 192pp , cloth and paper , Sense of Wonder Press , James A. Rock & Co . , Publishers in trade paperback and hard cover . 
 
 = = = Short stories and novellas = = = 
 
 " The Curious Experience of Thomas Dunbar " ( Argosy , March , 1904 ; as by G. M. Barrows ) 
 " The Nightmare , " ( All @-@ Story Weekly , April 14 , 1917 ) 
 " Friend Island " ( All @-@ Story Weekly , September 7 , 1918 ; reprinted in Under the Moons of Mars , edited by Sam Moskowitz , 1970 ) 
 " Behind the Curtain " ( All @-@ Story Weekly , September 21 , 1918 , reprinted in Famous Fantastic Mysteries , January 1940 ) 
 " Unseen @-@ Unfeared " ( People 's Favorite Magazine Feb. 10 , 1919 ; reprinted in Horrors Unknown , edited by Sam Moskowitz , 1971 ) 
 " The Elf @-@ Trap " ( Argosy , July 5 , 1919 ) 
 " Serapion " ( serialized in Argosy Weekly , June 19 , June 26 , and July 3 , 1920 ; reprinted in Famous Fantastic Mysteries , July 1942 ) 
 " Sunfire " ( 1923 ; original printed in two parts in Weird Tales , July – August 1923 , and Weird Tales , September 1923 ; also reprinted as trade paperback in 1996 by Apex International ) 
 
 = = = Collections = = = 
 
 Possessed : A Tale of the Demon Serapion ( 2002 ; contains the novella " Serapion " , retitled , and the short stories " Behind the Curtain " , " Elf @-@ Trap " and " Unseen @-@ Unfeared " ) 
 Nightmare : And Other Tales of Dark Fantasy ( University of Nebraska Press , 2004 ; contains all Stevens ' known short fiction except " The Curious Experience of Thomas Dunbar " , i.e. " The Nightmare " , " The Labyrinth " , " Friend Island " , " Behind the Curtain " , " " Unseen @-@ Unfeared " , " The Elf @-@ Trap " , " Serapion " and " Sunfire " ) 
 
 
 = Man Down ( song ) = 
 
 " Man Down " is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna from her fifth studio album , Loud ( 2010 ) . Singer Shontelle and production duo Rock City wrote the song with its main producer , Sham . They wrote it during a writing camp , in Los Angeles of March 2010 , held by Rihanna 's record label to gather compositions for possible inclusion on the then @-@ untitled album . Rock City were inspired by Bob Marley 's 1973 song " I Shot the Sheriff " and set out to create a song which embodied the same feel but female perspective . It is a reggae ballad which incorporates elements of ragga and electronic music . Lyrically , Rihanna is a fugitive after she shoots a man , an action she later regrets . Several critics singled out " Man Down " as Loud 's highlight , while others commented on her prominent West Indian accent and vocal agility . 
 Def Jam released " Man Down " on May 3 , 2011 , as the fifth single from the album . In the United States , the single reached number 59 on the Billboard Hot 100 and number 9 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart . It has been certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . The song topped the chart in France for five consecutive weeks and reached the top three in Belgium and the Netherlands . Anthony Mandler directed its music video , in which Rihanna 's character shoots a man after he rapes her . The video was criticized by the Parents Television Council , Industry Ears and Mothers Against Violence , who faulted Rihanna for suggesting that murder is an acceptable form of justice for rape victims . However , actress Gabrielle Union , a rape victim , praised the video for being relatable . " Man Down " was on the set list for three of Rihanna 's tours – the Loud Tour ( 2011 ) , the Diamonds World Tour ( 2013 ) and The Anti World Tour ( 2016 ) . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 In March 2010 , record label Def Jam held a writing camp in Los Angeles for songwriters and producers to compose material for possible inclusion on Rihanna 's then @-@ untitled fifth studio album , Loud . Def Jam rented out nearly every recording studio in Los Angeles in order to create as many songs as possible . Ray Daniels , the manager of musical duo Rock City ( brothers Theron and Timothy Thomas ) , was present during the sessions , and stated that a writing camp typically involves the label hiring ten recording studios for two weeks at the cost of $ 25 @,@ 000 per day . Daniels revealed that it is where songwriters have lyrics but no music , and where producers have music but no lyrics . 
 Shama Joseph , professionally known as Sham , was hired as one of the producers to work on crafting songs at the camp . Sham 's manager had arranged his attendance at the camp through an acquaintance who was an employee of the record label . Sham explained that he found a flight to Los Angeles and began working on music as soon as he arrived , stating that he had " nothing to lose and everything to gain " . He was inspired by a vision of Rihanna performing songs at a concert that were Caribbean themed . Sham felt that Rihanna had not explored Caribbean @-@ themed music since her debut album , Music of the Sun ( 2005 ) . 
 
 = = Production and recording = = 
 
 According to Daniels , Rock City knew Sham but they had not heard the West Indian / Caribbean @-@ themed music that he had composed during the camp . Sham played the music to them , to which the brothers responded " Let 's give Rihanna a one @-@ drop ! Like , a response to ' I shot the sheriff ' ! " Together , Sham and Rock City wrote the lyrics to " Man Down " in twelve minutes . In an MTV News interview , Rock City said they intended to write a song that would embody Bob Marley 's " I Shot the Sheriff " ( 1973 ) from a female perspective and to " tap [ Rihanna 's ] island origins in a way that sounded authentic " . Singer Shontelle said that Rihanna called her during the Last Girl on Earth tour and asked her to be involved with the song . She confirmed that Rihanna was present when she was writing her part in the recording studio . Shontelle elucidated that following one of Rihanna 's concerts , the singer exited the stage and immediately returned to the tour bus to work in the studio . Daniels said that once the writing camp had concluded , Rihanna listened to all of the songs which had been composed for her and chose her favorites . In September 2010 , several months after Sham attended the writing camp , Rihanna called him and said that she wanted to record " Man Down " for inclusion on Loud . 
 Rihanna later described the sentiment she wanted to express as " gangsta " , and elaborated on how reggae culture has influenced her musical style : " I 'm super inspired by reggae music [ and it ] has been a part of me since I was born , and I grew up listening to it . I was exciting for me to take this on as my own and do a song like this , especially with the lyrics being like that . " The track was composed during Rihanna 's Last Girl on Earth tour . The song 's instrumental was recorded by Cary Clark at The Village in Los Angeles . Kuk Harrell produced Rihanna 's vocals with Josh Gudwin and Marcos Tovar at Westlake Recording Studios , also in Los Angeles . Bobby Campbell assisted with vocal production and recording . The song was mixed by Manny Marroquin at Larrabee Sound Studios in Los Angeles , assisted by Erik Madrid and Christian Plata . 
 Daniels estimated the total cost of the writing camp to be approximately $ 200 @,@ 000 , averaging $ 18 @,@ 000 for each of the eleven songs which were included on Loud ; the camp consisted of forty writers and producers . Daniels confirmed that Rock City received $ 15 @,@ 000 and Sham $ 20 @,@ 000 for their part in the production of " Man Down " . He said that " to get that twelve minutes of inspiration from a top songwriting team is expensive — even before you take into account the fee for the songwriters " . A cost of $ 53 @,@ 000 for " Man Down " was already incurred prior to Rihanna entering the studio with a vocal producer . Although Makeba Riddick did not serve as the song 's vocal producer , Daniels cited her as an example of how the process works and how much she would charge . It is the responsibility of the vocal producer to tell a singer how to sing the song correctly to achieve the desired sound . Daniels said that Riddick 's fee varies from $ 10 @,@ 000 to $ 15 @,@ 000 , and that the final part of the process is for the song to be mixed and mastered , which incurs a similar fee . He estimated the final cost of writing , producing , vocal producing , mixing and mastering " Man Down " to be $ 78 @,@ 000 . When combined with the marketing and promotional costs , the total expense was $ 1 @,@ 078 @,@ 000 . 
 
 = = Composition and lyrical interpretation = = 
 
 " Man Down " is a " murder fantasy " reggae song with " Caribbean @-@ rhythms " and elements of ragga and electronic music . The song , in the key of C minor , has a tempo of 77 beats per minute . Rihanna 's voice spans more than one and a half octaves , from F3 to E ♭ 5 . Slant Magazine critic Sal Cinquemani described " Man Down " as one of Rihanna 's " most confident vocal performances " with her strong Barbadian patois . Jon Pareles of The New York Times said that the singer " plays up her West Indian accent " , and August Brown of the Los Angeles Times described the vocals as reasserting " her Caribbean lilt " . Entertainment Weekly writer Leah Greenblatt described " Man Down " as a song with " island rhythms " . Lyrically , Rihanna is a fugitive after she shoots a man , but later regrets it . Rihanna slowly relays the chain of events which led up to the murder . She cries to her mother about the act that she has committed – " Mama , I just shot a man down " – expressing guilt and remorse for not meaning to kill her attacker , and that he is somebody 's son . As the track develops , Rihanna 's Bajan accent becomes stronger and exaggerated , which climaxes during the bridge as she declares " Why deed I pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , pull dee treeguh , BOOM ! " MuuMuse writer Bradley Stern thought that the track took on a confessional tone . 
 On February 8 , 2009 , Rihanna was reported to have been involved in an altercation with her boyfriend , Chris Brown . He allegedly punched Rihanna and threatened to kill her . Brown turned himself in to the police and pleaded guilty to misdemeanor assault during the trial . August Brown called the murder ballad theme an apparent " warning " to Chris Brown and a response to his song " Deuces " ( 2010 ) , which denounces an ex @-@ lover . Kitty Empire of The Guardian wrote that Brown 's assault on Rihanna gives the song lyrical context , and sings it with a " bittersweet menace " tone . When asked by HipHopDX about how he reacted to listeners of the song saying that it condones violence , Sham dismissed the accusations : 
 I didn ’ t think it made any sense . I think it was because of who it was saying ' I just shot a man down . ' I think it was very hypocritical for some of the parents against violence in media , those same parents have probably allowed their kids to watch all types of movies and programs that have depictions , or things that insinuate violence . So for them to be mad about , number one , an issue that actually exists ? ... A woman feeling like she wants to shoot somebody who ’ s still alive because of something that they took from her , that ’ s real and that ’ s honest . So the emotion is a very true emotion ... and they relive it on a daily basis . I think it was crazy and blown out of proportion .... But people benefit from controversy , and those same people who probably were trying to bring awareness , now they have a voice and now they ’ re ' specialists , ' and they can speak for a group of people all of a sudden . 
 
 = = Release and reception = = 
 
 On March 1 , 2011 , Rihanna asked fans to help her choose the next single from Loud using Twitter , saying that she would film a music video in the forthcoming weeks . After an influx of suggestions , the singer said she had narrowed the options down to four songs : " Man Down " , " California King Bed " , " Cheers ( Drink to That ) " and " Fading " . On March 12 , she confirmed that " California King Bed " had been selected as the next international single . However , " Man Down " was sent to rhythmic and urban radio stations in the United States on May 3 , before the May 13 release of " California King Bed " , making " Man Down " and " California King Bed " the fifth and sixth singles from Loud . The song was released in France and Switzerland on July 11 and the Netherlands on July 15 . 
 Kitty Empire called the track " excellent " , and praised it for being an original composition which is reminiscent of a " righteous old reggae murder ballad " . Consequence of Sound writer Ryan Burleson said that " Man Down " and another album track called " Fading " both " stand on their own sonically " , and that the former is an homage to her Caribbean heritage with its dancehall melody . Describing the track as " breezy " , Bradley Stern thought that no other song on Loud embodied Rihanna 's personality more so than on " Man Down " . Cinquemani chose " Man Down " as the best song on Loud , calling Rihanna 's vocal agility " surprising " and noting that the " fully @-@ fledged reggae " song is co @-@ written by a fellow Barbadian @-@ born singer , Shontelle . 
 In her review of Loud , Emily Mackay of NME called its experimentation more " organic " than that on Rihanna 's previous album Rated R ( 2009 ) , citing " Man Down " ' s theme of " doomed youth " . Similarly , Nima Baniamer of Contactmusic.com pointed out that " Man Down " , which she described as " a dark track " that is " haunting " yet " delightfully intriguing " , was reminiscent of the material on Rated R. In their review of Rihanna 's top 20 songs , Time Out ranked " Man Down " as their tenth best track , writing that it is Rihanna at " her badass best " . Complex staff compiled a list of their top 26 Rihanna songs , and ranked " Man Down " in thirteenth place ; Claire Lobenfeld thought that it was the singers most " cinematic " song of her career , and that she elevated the theme of " accidental manslaughter " from " downtrodden " to " adorable " . 
 
 = = Commercial performance = = 
 
 In the United States , " Man Down " debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 at number 94 on June 1 , 2011 , peaking at number 59 and spending a total of 14 weeks on the chart . On the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs chart , it peaked at number 9 on August 6 , 2011 , remaining there for 2 weeks and spending a total of 19 weeks charting . It was number 47 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs 2011 year @-@ end list . The track peaked at number 56 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Airplay chart , number 20 on the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Digital Songs chart and number 40 on the Radio Songs chart . " Man Down " was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) , denoting shipments of more than 2 million units . The song reached number 92 on the Canadian Hot 100 . 
 " Man Down " debuted at number 65 on the French Singles Chart on June 6 , 2011 , a month before its release as a single . It rose to number 1 on July 30 , remaining there for 5 consecutive weeks , and was number 2 the week before and for 3 weeks after its chart @-@ topping run . It stayed on the chart until May 12 , 2012 , but re @-@ entered three weeks later . The song , on and off the French chart for the rest the year , continued to appear on it sporadically in 2013 . After a total of 73 weeks on the chart , the track 's last French chart appearance was at number 172 on August 8 , 2013 . 
 In the United Kingdom , " Man Down " entered the Singles Chart at number 117 on June 11 , 2015 , reaching number 75 the following week . The song peaked at number 54 in its fourth week , remaining there for 2 weeks and spending a total of 11 weeks on the chart . On the UK R & B Chart , " Man Down " reached number 15 on June 26 , spending 18 weeks in the top 40 . In Belgium , the song peaked at number 3 in Dutch @-@ speaking Flanders and number 2 in French @-@ speaking Wallonia . It was certified gold by the Belgian Entertainment Association ( BEA ) for selling more than 15 @,@ 000 copies . Although the song spent only 1 week on the Italian Singles Chart ( at number 8 ) , it was certified platinum by the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana ( FIMI ) in 2014 for selling more than 30 @,@ 000 copies . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 
 = = = Background and synopsis = = = 
 
 Anthony Mandler directed the music video for " Man Down " in April 2011 on a beach in Portland Parish , on the northeastern Jamaican coast . Rihanna told Rap @-@ Up that the video has a " strong underlying message [ for ] girls like me ! " On May 1 , 2011 , three camera phone teaser photos , of Rihanna on a beach in a white Dolce & Gabbana dress and riding a bicycle in Portland Parish , were released . The music video premiered on BET 's 106 & Park on May 31 , 2011 . In an interview for MTV News , Mandler said that " Man Down " required " a strong narrative and visual " and that fans could expect something " dramatic and shocking and intense and emotions and uplifting and enlightening " . 
 The video opens as the protagonist ( Rihanna ) shoots and kills a man while he walks through a busy train station . She flees before a flashback to the previous day , when she rides her bike , meets friends and is alone in a bedroom at dusk . At a nightclub the protagonist dances and flirts with another club @-@ goer , who then attacks her when she leaves the club . Disheveled , the woman cries in the street after an implied sexual assault , and the video ends as she runs home to grab a gun hidden in a dresser drawer . 
 
 = = = Analysis and reception = = = 
 
 Janell Hobson analysed the imagery presented in the video for " Man Down " in her book Body as Evidence : Mediating Race , Globalizing Gender , which " challenges postmodernist dismissals of identity politics and the delusional belief that the Millennial era reflects a ' postracial ' and ' postfeminist ' world . " In the chapter titled " Disclosures : Black Women 's Resistance to Sexual Violence " , Hobson explores how black women have " found the courage " to speak out about sexual violence , protest against it and not remain a silent victim . She recalled Rihanna 's interview for 20 / 20 with Diane Sawyer , which aired on November 6 , 2009 . Having remained silent about her altercation with Brown on the evening of the Grammy Party in February that year , whereby Brown assaulted her , Rihanna decided to speak about it for the first time . The author noted how Sawyer decided to approach the interview by presenting the couples relationship and assault case as an " anomaly " and accused Rihanna of " projecting a ' fake ' imagery of strong black woman " , rather than presenting her another domestic violence victim not only in the United States , but in the world . " I am strong , " Rihanna responded . Hobson wrote that from then on , the singer decided to project an image of " hardcore masculinity and dominatrix @-@ type femininity in her music trajectory " . 
 Subsequently , several of Rihanna 's songs and music videos have courted controversy for their violent themes , which Hobson attributes to the leaking of a photo showing the singers " battered face " on the evening of the assault by TMZ which circulated the internet without the permission of Rihanna . Hobson writes : " Because of this , Rihanna has had to wrest back control of the ' victim ' image foisted on her , and she in turn has challenged us rhetorically and visually to question and examine the power , danger , and violences that shape our relationships . " She continued to highlight the music videos for " Russian Roulette " , " Hard " , " We Found Love " , " Love the Way You Lie " with Eminem which documents domestic violence , and " S & M " , which contains references to bondage and fetishism and is , in part , Rihanna 's response to disparaging critics , as examples . At one point in the video for " S & M " , Rihanna is literally tied up as a victim . 
 However , Hobson noted that Rihanna " rejects the victim stance " in the video for " Man Down " , and elucidated that she played the role of a rape survivor who shot her attacker . She attributed the location of shooting the video in Jamaica as significant , due to how the image of a gun proliferated during 1990s Jamaican dance hall 's to " express female rage " . The prologue depicts Rihanna as a " dark @-@ hooded " femme fatale whereby the narrative explains her motives for murder and provokes the spectator to sympathize with her because she danced in a provocative manner with a man in a club , which Hobson suggests is " somehow deserving of rape " . She continued to explain that Rihanna is inviting the audience to consider what justice means by " pointing both a literal and lyrical gun at the issue " . Hobson concluded that Rihanna is protecting her vulnerability and countering the image of the abused black woman who is looked at unsympathetically in society . 
 Beck Bain of Idolator described the video as " visually stunning " , while Metro writer Lee Ann labelled it as " shocking " . Co @-@ writer of " Man Down " Theron Thomas felt that the video was very theatrical and that Rihanna played her role " perfectly " . He continued to say that had the video been a lyric @-@ by @-@ lyric representation , the narrative would have been more " graphic " . 
 
 = = = Controversy = = = 
 
 The Parents Television Council ( PTC ) criticized Rihanna for her portrayal of " cold , calculated execution of murder " in the music video , and argued that murdering a rapist as socially @-@ acceptable justice is impermissible . The group disagreed with Rihanna 's rationale for the storyline : that the video has " a very strong underlying message [ for ] girls " like Rihanna . According to the PTC and Industry Ears , if Chris Brown murdered a woman in a video that premiered on BET " the world would stop " and Rihanna should not have been allowed to release her clip . The week before the council 's statement about the video it had objected to Rihanna and Britney Spears ' performance of the " S & M " remix at the Billboard Music Awards , having called it a " profanity @-@ laced , S & M sex show on prime @-@ time broadcast television " . 
 After the PTC 's statement , Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of AlterNet wrote that the group seemed to employ a double standard ; it had not condemned Kanye West 's music video for " Monster " , in which dead women hang from ceilings and West holds a decapitated head . Shepard added that Eminem and Rihanna 's video for " Love the Way You Lie " had not been criticized , despite " glorified and romanticized " domestic violence . A Mothers Against Violence spokesperson criticised Rihanna for failing to present a solution , rather than encouraging the vulnerable youth , for which rape is a reality for many people . Director Anthony Mandler addressed the controversy in an interview for The Hollywood Reporter , saying that the visual evoked the reaction he intended and that it highlighted an issue still taboo in modern society . He recalled growing up in an era in which artists such as Madonna released controversial music videos , and noted that contemporary videos no longer tackle taboo subjects as frequently . 
 Rihanna responded to the PTC 's criticism on Twitter , and said that parents should not expect her to parent their children and that " touchy subject matters " should not be hidden from children otherwise they will not learn how to adapt in society , and that it empowers abusers even more because children are embarrassed to talk about rape . The singer continued to state that " the industry isn 't ' Parent 's ' R Us ' " and that singers " have the freedom to create art " . In an interview for BET , Rihanna further explain why rape was used as the vehicle to push the story forward in the video despite the lyrics not mentioning rape , saying " Making that into a mini @-@ movie or video , we needed to go back to why it happened . Obviously she 's not a cold @-@ blooded killer . It had to be something so offensive . And we decided to hone in on a very serious matter that people are afraid to address , especially if you 've been victimized in this scenario . " Rihanna added that the character is remorseful for her actions . 
 Actress and women 's @-@ health advocate Gabrielle Union , a rape victim , voiced support for the video on Twitter . Union called it " brave " and , although she did not agree with the eye @-@ for @-@ an @-@ eye sentiment , she could relate to the situation . Union said that every rape victim or survivor is a unique situation , and that they all have an idea of how justice should be served . She admitted that she tried to shoot her rapist , but missed , and that she has since realised that committing murder as a form of justice for herself would not have made the situation better . She continued to say that while it is " understandable " to desire to kill a rapist , unless it is in self @-@ defense then it is not advisable . 
 
 = = Live performances and covers = = 
 
 Rihanna has included " Man Down " on the set lists of several concerts and tours , including the 2011 Loud Tour , BBC Radio 1 's Hackney Weekend on May 24 , 2012 and the 2013 Diamonds World Tour . For the Loud Tour , Rihanna performed the song on " a levitating , rotating platform , a conveyer belt and graffiti @-@ laden car shell . " Although Kitty Empire described " Man Down " as " terrific " , the critic felt let down by the " baffling lack of creativity " from Rihanna 's production team for the stage set up during Rihanna 's performance . She wrote that she did not understand why a truck bonnet was in the middle of the stage . Maza praised the tracks placement on the set @-@ list . " Man Down " was performed as the fourth song on the Loud Tour , following its opener " Only Girl ( In the World ) " , " Disturbia " and " Shut Up and Drive " . Maza noted that the tempo of " Man Down " should have " slowed down the momentum she 'd accumulated until then but that was instead an ideal marriage of production and performance . " Instead , the red lights on the stage played up the " ominous " tone of the song as it gradually increased its tempo to the point whereby the end of the song was on the verge of sounding like an incantation . 
 For the Diamonds World Tour , Rihanna performed " Man Down " in a Caribbean @-@ theme section of the show , which also included " You da One " , " No Love Allowed " , " What 's My Name ? " and " Rude Boy " . James Lachno of The Telegraph highlight the Caribbean @-@ themed section as the show 's highlight . Manchester Evening News writer Katie Fitzpatrick commented that Rihanna transported the audience to the Caribbean with a " grinding groove " . However , Gary Graff of The Oakland Press was disappointed with the lack of variety in the section , writing that it was " addled by a sonic sameness , even with Nuno Bettencourt of Extreme , whose guitar was buried in the bass @-@ heavy mix , playing some intriguing licks and accents " . 
 British singer and songwriter Leona Lewis performed a mashup of " Man Down " with her 2008 single " Better in Time " at BBC Radio 1 's Live Lounge in June 2011 . She also included the mashup on the set list of her 2013 Glassheart Tour . Her rendition received a mixed response from critics . Katherine Hollisey @-@ McLean of the Worthing Herald complimented the fusion of " Better in Time " with reggae beats . But The Guardian 's Malcolm Jack thought the performance was cringeworthy and called Lewis a " reasonably priced Rihanna " . 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 = = Release history = = 
 
 
 
 = Marauders ( Star Trek : Enterprise ) = 
 
 " Marauders " is the sixth episode of the second season of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Enterprise , the 32nd episode overall . It first aired on October 30 , 2002 , on the UPN network within the United States . The story was created by executive producers Rick Berman and Brannon Braga with a teleplay by David Wilcox . A similar premise had been included in the original pitch for Star Trek by Gene Roddenberry . 
 Set in the 22nd century , the series follows the adventures of the first Starfleet starship Enterprise , registration NX @-@ 01 . In this episode , while in search of deuterium , Enterprise discovers a mining colony that is being controlled by Klingons who are bullying the inhabitants and hoarding their supplies . The crew conduct repairs on the colony and train the colonists to fight off the Klingons . 
 This episode was mostly filmed on location in a quarry in Ventura County , California , and the majority of the guest stars were stunt performers . Both Larry Cedar and Bari Hochwald had previously appeared in different episodes of Deep Space Nine and Voyager . " Marauders " was watched by 5 @.@ 6 million viewers , the second highest audience for an episode of the second season . Reviews were mixed , with some critics responding negatively to the lack of consequences from the fighting sequences while another praised the characters interactions and felt it was a good example of the western genre . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Captain Jonathan Archer ( Scott Bakula ) , Sub @-@ Commander T 'Pol ( Jolene Blalock ) , and Commander Charles " Trip " Tucker III ( Connor Trinneer ) fly down to a small colony of 76 miners in order to trade for deuterium . They initially try to barter with Tessic ( Larry Cedar ) , the colony 's leader , but he appears reluctant to part with any of the 80 @,@ 000 liters in inventory , which is being held for ' someone else ' . After negotiations however , a deal is struck − 200 liters of deuterium for four power cells and whatever medical supplies Enterprise can spare , on the proviso that the Enterprise crew can fix two offline pumps in two days . 
 Despite deuterium being a valuable commodity , Archer is startled by the lack of basic medical supplies and the run @-@ down nature of the colony . The reason becomes apparent when seven Klingons show up to collect deuterium according to their ' regular arrangement ' . When Tessic informs Korok ( Robertson Dean ) , the leader of the Klingons , that they do not have all the deuterium because two pumps were not working , Korok hits him and gives them four days to meet the order . Later , when Tucker and Archer attempt to talk them into fighting against the Klingons , Tessic tell them to take their 200 liters and leave . However , leaving does not sit well with Archer and he convinces the leader to resist with their support . 
 On Enterprise , T 'Pol teaches some of the colonists how to evade edged @-@ weapon attacks ( from Vulcan martial @-@ art ' Suus @-@ mahna ' ) , while Ensign Hoshi Sato ( Linda Park ) and Lieutenant Malcolm Reed ( Dominic Keating ) teach other colonists how to fire their weapons more accurately . Archer and Tucker then suggest the colonists shift the entire colony to the south 50 meters . When the Klingon marauders arrive , the colony appears deserted and silent . Finally the defenders show themselves , and in the ensuing fight the Klingons are lured into an area surrounded by the capped @-@ off deuterium well heads . On cue , the wells are ignited , surrounding the Klingons with flames . Tessic then tells the Klingons to leave and never come back . After they depart , Archer is rewarded with 2 @,@ 000 liters of deuterium by the grateful miners . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 The initial pitch for Star Trek : The Original Series by Gene Roddenberry included a similar episode premise called " Kentucky , Kentucky " . This story would have had Captain Robert M. April and the crew of the S.S. Yorktown visit a human colony which had been previously attacked by Viking @-@ like aliens . This resulted in the colonists reverting in appearance to that seen during the American frontier @-@ era . April and his crew band together to help the colonists fight off the aliens . 
 Executive producers Rick Berman and Brannon Braga developed the story , which was turned into a teleplay by David Wilcox . It was directed by Mike Vejar , his fourth episode of the series , although he had also developed several more episodes of the other series in the franchise . Filming on " Marauders " began on August 21 , 2002 , utilising the standing ship sets . The shoot on the following day mostly took place on a sound stage , while the third day 's on set filming used the shuttlepod set as well as a newly created ship 's gym set . The remainder of the eight days filming took place on location at a quarry in Ventura County , California , located about an hour 's journey north west of Los Angeles . Temperatures were mild for that time of year , but the actors were still told to wear sunscreen and drink plenty of water . The actors portraying the Klingons joined on the second of the five days on location , with the majority of them played by stunt men . According to Bakula , the set used for the colony was the largest build so far for Enterprise . 
 Robertson Dean played the sole speaking Klingon , he had previously appeared in the Star Trek : The Next Generation episode " Face of the Enemy " . Other members of the guest cast included Cedar , portraying the colonist Tessic , who had previously appeared in individual episodes of both Star Trek : Deep Space Nine and Voyager . Likewise , Bari Hochwald also appeared in those two series . While appearing in " Marauders " , she was also performing in the play Fedunn at the Odyssey Theatre in Los Angeles . 
 
 = = Reception and home media = = 
 
 " Marauders " was first broadcast on the UPN network within the United States on October 30 , 2002 . It was watched by 5 @.@ 6 million viewers , equating to Nielsen ratings of 3 @.@ 9 / 6 percent . This meant that the episode was watched by 3 @.@ 9 percent of possible viewers , and six percent of those watching television at the time . This was the second most watched episode of the season , behind " A Night in Sickbay " , which was broadcast a week prior . 
 J.C. Maçek III , while writing for the website PopMatters , described " Marauders " as forming the first part of a loose trilogy of episodes within the second season focusing on re @-@ introducing the Klingons to the series . The following episodes in the group were said to be " Judgment " and " Bounty " . Jamahl Epsicokhan at his website " Jammer 's Reviews " gave the episode two out of four , said that there was nothing exciting in " Marauders " and that the action sequences towards the end were unrealistic because despite all the apparent violence , not a single person even gets injured during the scene . He called the general premise " classic trek " , but that it lacked depth and didn 't pose any interesting questions . He summed it up by saying it was " a bloodless , light @-@ as @-@ a @-@ feather action show with handsome production values but absolutely and positively no edge . " 
 Michelle Erica Green , reviewing the episode for TrekNation , said that the episode seemed to follow the same story as the 1998 animated film A Bug 's Life , but was very much set in the western genre which inspired Roddenberry 's original Star Trek pitch with other comparisons to the 1960 film The Magnificent Seven . She felt that there was several scenes which enabled some character building moments for Hoshi , Travis Mayweather and Tucker , and described it overall as " a decent genre piece with good character work " . 
 The first home media release of " Marauders " was part of the season two DVD box set , released in the United States on August 7 , 2005 . A release on Blu @-@ ray Disc for season two occurred on August 20 , 2013 . 
 
 
 = Johnny McNichol = 
 
 John " Johnny " McNichol ( 20 August 1925 – 17 March 2007 ) was a Scottish footballer who played more than 500 games in the Football League in England . An inside forward , he played more than 150 games for Brighton & Hove Albion and more than 200 for each of Chelsea and Crystal Palace . 
 McNichol graduated from junior footballer and apprentice motor mechanic in his native Scotland to a professional contract with English First Division club Newcastle United . After two years , he had found success with the reserve team but was never selected in the first eleven . Brighton & Hove Albion , struggling in the Third Division , broke their transfer record to sign him . McNichol spent four years with the club , acquiring " the reputation as the finest inside @-@ forward in the Third Division " , before moving to the First Division as Chelsea manager Ted Drake 's first signing . He was part of the Chelsea team that won the League championship in the 1954 – 55 season . In 1958 he joined Crystal Palace , whom he captained to promotion from the Fourth Division , and finished his on @-@ field career in the Southern League as player @-@ manager of Tunbridge Wells Rangers . He then spent 25 years working on the commercial side of football with two of his previous clubs . 
 
 = = Early life and career = = 
 
 McNichol was born in Kilmarnock , Ayrshire . His father , Danny , died when he was five , so McNichol and seven siblings were raised by their mother , Catherine . He attended St Joseph 's School in Kilmarnock , and started work as a messenger boy for a local draper 's shop when he left school . His shop work stopped him playing football on Saturdays , but he was able to play some midweek football for Junior club Hurlford United . When he was taken on at the local bus garage as an apprentice motor mechanic , he became available on Saturdays as well . Hurlford paid him ten shillings a game , nearly as much as his apprentice 's wages . During the Second World War , McNichol was called up to the Fleet Air Arm as a mechanic , but was able to play friendly matches for Inverness @-@ based club Clachnacuddin . Because of the number of professional players stationed around the country , such matches were played at a fairly high standard . 
 
 = = Newcastle United = = 
 
 After the war , McNichol returned to Hurlford , but , amid interest from other clubs , he accepted a trial with Newcastle United . After two trial matches , he signed professional forms with the club on his 21st birthday . McNichol spent two years at Newcastle , but never made a first @-@ team appearance . Behind the likes of England international forwards Roy Bentley and Len Shackleton in the pecking order , he doubled his income working as a motor mechanic for a local funeral director whose " two or three Rolls @-@ Royces [ made ] a nice change from working on bus engines " . In his second season , he was part of the reserve team that won the Central League title , but a disagreement over personal terms on his contract renewal – the Newcastle management felt a lower wage was justified because of the player 's earnings outside the game – prompted McNichol to seek first @-@ team football elsewhere . 
 
 = = Brighton & Hove Albion = = 
 
 Brighton & Hove Albion had finished bottom of the Third Division South the season before and were struggling financially , yet manager Don Welsh persuaded the directors to break the club transfer record by paying £ 5 @,@ 000 for a player yet to make his debut in the Football League , and persuaded McNichol to sign . He made his first appearance in the League on 21 August 1948 , at the age of 23 , as Brighton drew with Swindon Town at home . The club finished sixth in the division in McNichol 's first season and eighth , despite having no regular goalscorer – McNichol 's nine goals made him top scorer – in 1949 – 50 . The next year , McNichol played in all of Brighton 's games , the only man so to do , and again finished as top scorer for the season , this time with 14 goals . According to Carder and Harris , he " had a superb season with a brand of play which won him the reputation as the finest inside @-@ forward in the Third Division " . Appointed club captain when Billy Lane took over from Welsh as manager , McNichol flourished under Lane 's attacking policy . He scored 14 goals in the 1951 – 52 season as Brighton narrowly failed to mount a successful challenge to Plymouth Argyle for the title , " was again the star of the side " , and " was thought by many to be the most stylish inside @-@ forward to play for the Albion " . 
 That season , McNichol scored a hat @-@ trick against eventual runners @-@ up Reading , which caught the eye of manager Ted Drake . Shortly before the next season started , he became Drake 's first signing for his new club , Chelsea , at a fee of £ 12 @,@ 000 plus the player Jimmy Leadbetter , a club record fee received for Albion . He had scored 39 goals in all competitions from 165 appearances . Although scouts from bigger clubs had been watching the player since soon after his arrival at the club – he had apparently already turned down moves to Manchester City , Everton and Huddersfield Town – Brighton 's supporters were disappointed , seeing his sale as a backward step . 
 
 = = Chelsea = = 
 
 On his Chelsea debut away at Manchester United , McNichol found himself playing at right back after ten minutes when Sid Tickridge sustained an injury . Once restored to the forward line , his goals helped Chelsea avoid relegation to the Second Division at the end of his first season . A " dramatic last @-@ minute goal ... enabled Chelsea to snatch a lucky victory at West Bromwich " with three games left , and he scored the third goal of Chelsea 's 3 – 1 defeat of Manchester City in their last fixture of the season which confirmed their escape from the relegation positions . 
 Two seasons later , Chelsea won the First Division title for the first time . As they beat Charlton Athletic in March 1955 to " maintain their challenging position in the Championship " , The Times ' reporter described how " McNichol filled the role of general , and was instigator of many dangerous movements " . Two weeks later , McNichol , " the most effective of their forwards " , scored twice as a Chelsea team displaying " a propensity to play the man in preference to the ball " beat Tottenham Hotspur 4 – 2 , and the title was confirmed with one game still to play . McNichol had missed only two games in the 42 @-@ game season , and scored 14 goals , a good return for a player in his position ; an inside forward was normally more a creator than a scorer of goals , but his profile on Chelsea 's website describes him as " clever , astute and most of all a clinical finisher " . 
 He stayed at the club for three more seasons , but later lost his place in the side to the young Jimmy Greaves : " There was no disgrace in losing my place to him . I couldn 't grumble about that . We used to get on very well , and he would listen to the instructions I gave him . Then he became world famous ! " The respect was mutual : though Greaves described the Chelsea title @-@ winning side as " almost certainly one of the least talented teams ever to win the title " , he made an exception for McNichol , " the ball player of the team " . In all competitions , he made 202 appearances for Chelsea and scored 66 goals . 
 While at Brighton , McNichol had worked in a local garage , wanting to keep up his skills in case injury put an early end to his football career . When he joined Chelsea , his decision to remain living in the area had upset Drake . In addition , he bought a newsagent 's shop in Hove , so not only did he have to travel by train from the south coast – as did teammates Stan Willemse and Eric Parsons – he further annoyed the Chelsea management by getting up even earlier each morning to open the shop before coming in to training . His wife Connie , whom he had known since childhood , ran the business in his absence . He claimed to have " earned more working in that shop than playing for Chelsea . Even in that championship season . " 
 
 = = Crystal Palace = = 
 
 Just ahead of the transfer deadline in March 1958 , McNichol signed for Third Division South club Crystal Palace . He was expected to fill a role " similar to the one he has performed so well at Stamford Bridge – helping in the development of promising young forwards " , and was appointed captain . He scored on his debut for the club , and produced seven goals from the twelve games he played in what remained of the 1957 – 58 season . By October 1958 , manager George Smith felt the player was feeling the strain of his dual role , so relieved him of the captaincy . As McNichol grew older , his playing position became more defensive , as he became first a wing half , then a full back . Palace had been placed in the Fourth Division when the Football League structure was reorganised on national lines prior to the 1958 – 59 season , and McNichol , long since restored to the captaincy , led them to promotion to the Third Division in 1961 , their first promotion for 40 years . Soon afterwards , he applied for the managerial post at former club Brighton & Hove Albion , then in the Second Division , but was unsuccessful . A broken arm suffered in August 1961 forced McNichol to miss a Palace match for the first time in a three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half @-@ year club career . He played on for two seasons , but his professional career was brought to a close by facial injuries , a fractured cheekbone and broken jaw , sustained during the 1962 – 63 season . In all competitions , he scored 15 goals from 205 appearances . 
 
 = = Later life and career = = 
 
 McNichol remained in the South of England , spending four years as player @-@ manager of Tunbridge Wells Rangers in the Southern League . Having sold the newsagents , he returned to Crystal Palace to work in the commercial side of the game , where he was responsible for the establishment of weekly pools and bingo competitions as a means of raising funds for the club . He moved back to Brighton & Hove Albion to occupy a similar role from 1979 to 1992 , and after retirement continued to live in the Saltdean area of Brighton . 
 Despite the successes of his career , McNichol had regrets . He described Chelsea 's decision not to accept their invitation to participate in the inaugural season of the European Cup as his " one big disappointment " , and " thought it was strange at the time " , despite the national team selectors ' preference for players plying their trade for Scottish clubs , that he was never chosen to represent his country . 
 McNichol retained contact with his previous clubs . One of 24 former players and managers nominated as " Albion Legends " as part of Brighton 's centenary events in 2001 , he took an active role in the celebrations . The surviving members of Chelsea 's 1955 title @-@ winning team used to meet for an annual dinner , and were guests of the club at the last match of the 2004 – 05 season as they celebrated their second League title , 50 years after the first . 
 He died of a stroke on 17 March 2007 at the age of 81 . 
 
 = = Honours = = 
 
 Newcastle United Reserves 
 The Central League winners : 1947 – 48 
 Chelsea 
 Football League First Division winners : 1954 – 55 
 Crystal Palace 
 Football League Fourth Division runners @-@ up : 1960 – 61 
 
 
 = Otra Nota = 
 
 Otra Nota ( English : Another Note ) is the debut album by American singer Marc Anthony that was released on January 26 , 1993 , by RMM Records . Produced by Sergio George , it was the first album by Anthony to record in salsa after starting his career as a freestyle musician . Recording of the album began after Anthony asked RMM president Ralph Mercado to record Juan Gabriel 's " Hasta Que Te Conocí " in salsa after hearing it on the radio during a taxi ride . Recorded on a low budget , the album peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart and reached No. 30 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums chart . 
 The album was well received by critics who complimented George 's production and Anthony 's youthful voice . Anthony received two awards for " Best New Artists " at the Billboard Latin Music Awards and the Lo Nuestro Awards . The album produced three singles : " Hasta Que Te Conocí " , " Palabras del Alma " , and " Si Tú No Te Fueras " , all of which charted on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart . As of 2002 , Otra Nota has sold over 300 @,@ 000 copies . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Marc Anthony began his recording career in 1980s as a freestyle musician during which he was a backup vocalist for boy bands such as Menudo and the Latin Rascals . Anthony also wrote songs for his school friend Sa @-@ Fire , including " Boy I 've Been Told " which became a hit on the Billboard Hot 100 chart . Anthony got his start as a lead vocalist when he collaborated with Little Louie Vega on the album When the Night Is Over . The lead single " Ride on the Rhythm " became a number @-@ one hit on the Billboard Hot Dance Club Songs chart . 
 RMM manager Ralph Mercado invited Anthony to record a salsa album , but Anthony declined the offer due to a lack of interest to record in Spanish . The following day , while in a taxi , Anthony was listening to Juan Gabriel 's song " Hasta Que Te Conocí " ( " Until I Met You " ) on the radio and was motivated to record in the song in salsa and told Mercado about his change of decision . Mercado introduced Anthony to Sergio George who would produce the album . According to George , the album was an " total experiment " , citing that it was on low budget , recorded with one musician at a time without a band , and the full production was done on computers while George handled the keyboards . 
 
 = = Music and lyrics = = 
 
 The album includes five compositions and three cover songs . The lead track " Palabras del Alma " ( " Words from the Soul " ) is a cover originally performed and written by Ilan Chester . " Si Tú No Te Fueras " ( " If You Would Not Leave " ) was composed by Nelson Frank and Jaime Gutierrez . " Hasta Que Te Conocí " was first performed and written by Juan Gabriel . " El Último Beso " was composed by Anthony 's father Felipe Muñíz . " Make It With You " is a cover of American band Bread 's song . " Necesito Amarte " was written by Luis Castillo who composed songs for RMM recording artists including José Alberto and Tito Nieves . Sergio George co @-@ wrote " ¿ Juego O Amor " ( " Game or Love ? " ) along with Adam Sez . The final track , " Si He de Morir " ( " If I Were to Die " ) was composed by Luis Díaz . 
 
 = = Commercial reception = = 
 
 Otra Nota debuted and peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard Tropical Albums chart during the week of April 17 , 1993 , behind Jerry Rivera 's Cuenta Conmigo and remained at this position for eight weeks . During the week of June 11 , 1994 , the album debuted and peaked at No. 30 on the Billboard Top Latin Albums , where it spent nineteen weeks on the chart . Otra Nota has sold over 300 @,@ 000 copies as of 2002 . 
 
 = = = Singles = = = 
 
 " Hasta Que Te Conocí " was the first single to be released from the album and peaked at No. 13 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart . The second single " Palabras del Alma " peaked at No. 15 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart . " Si Tú No Te Fueras " was the last single released from the album which peaked at No. 31 on the Billboard Hot Latin Songs chart . 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 Evan Gutierrez of Allmusic gave the album 3 @.@ 5 out of 5 stars and complemented Anthony 's voice as " developed , unique , and individual " and felt that Anthony 's debut " brought quality and passion to his listeners from the beginning . " Gutierrez also found the songs in salsa enjoyable while calling the ballads . Gutierrez praised Sergio George 's arrangements as " outstanding " though he felt the production was outdated in places . Enrique Lopetegui gave the album 3 out of 4 stars , noting that while Anthony was viewed with skepticism on the salsa market , he felt that Anthony " may be the best of the many newborn salseros . " Lopetegui also praised Anthony 's vocals as " excellent " and described the overall album as " noble effort " though he criticized Anthony 's cover of " Make It With You " as unnecessary . In 1994 , Anthony received a Billboard Latin Music Award for " Tropical / Salsa New Artist of the Year " and a Lo Nuestro award for " Tropical - New Artist of the Year " . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 
 = = Credits and personnel = = 
 
 The following credits are from Allmusic . 
 
 = = = Performance credits = = = 
 
 
 = = = Technical credits = = = 
 
 
 = = Chart performance = = 
 
 
 
 = St Peulan 's Church , Llanbeulan = 
 
 St Peulan 's Church , Llanbeulan is a disused medieval church in Llanbeulan , in Anglesey , north Wales . The nave , which is the oldest part of the building , dates from the 12th century , with a chancel and side chapel added in the 14th century . The church has a font of early date , possibly from the first half of the 11th century : one historian has said that it would initially have been used as an altar and that " as an altar of the pre @-@ Norman period it is a unique survivor in Wales and , indeed , in Britain " . 
 The church is now redundant and has been in the care of the charity , the Friends of Friendless Churches since 2005 . It is a Grade II * listed building , a designation given to " particularly important buildings of more than special interest " , because it is a medieval church of " typical Anglesey type " that has retained its simple character despite 19th @-@ century alterations . 
 
 = = History and location = = 
 
 The date of foundation of the church in Llanbeulan is not known for certain , although it is said that a church was founded on this site in 630 by St Peulan . He was a disciple of the Anglesey saint Cybi . The earliest parts of the building date from the 12th century . It was the parish church of the area , and had a chapel of ease at St Mary 's Church , Tal @-@ y @-@ llyn ( now also closed ) . In November 1349 , records of an inquisition in Beaumaris show that the priest serving St Peulan 's was one of a number of Anglesey clergymen to have died about that time , which was when the Black Death was affecting Anglesey . During the 19th century , a significant amount of church rebuilding and restoration work took place throughout Anglesey , and St Peulan 's was given a new roof and new internal fittings at this time . It is now a redundant church and has been in the hands of the Friends of Friendless Churches since 2004 ; it is one of four churches on Anglesey for which the charity has responsibility . The charity holds a 999 @-@ year lease with effect from 10 June 2005 . 
 The church gave its name to the parish of Llanbeulan : the Welsh word llan originally meant " enclosure " and then " church " , and " ‑ beulan " is a modified form of the saint 's name . It is in a thinly populated part of rural Anglesey , about 1 @.@ 75 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 09 mi ) to the south @-@ west of the village of Gwalchmai , and about 3 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 9 mi ) to the south @-@ east of Bryngwran . A grassed track runs from the road to the church . To the east of the church , the churchyard contains a war grave of a Royal Welsh Fusiliers soldier of the First World War . 
 
 = = Architecture and fittings = = 
 
 The church is built from rubble masonry , dressed with gritstone . The nave measures 27 feet 6 inches by 15 feet 6 inches ( 8 @.@ 4 by 4 @.@ 7 m ) , the chancel is 15 feet 6 inches by 11 feet 9 inches ( 4 @.@ 7 by 3 @.@ 6 m ) , and the south chapel is 11 feet 3 inches by 16 feet ( 3 @.@ 4 by 4 @.@ 9 m ) . The building has a slate roof with copings of stone . At the west end , there is a gabled bellcote with one bell ; crosses made of iron are fixed to the roofs of the chancel and south chapel . The nave of the church , which has two bays , was probably built in the 12th century . An entrance at the west end of the nave has been blocked up and plastered over on the outside . The chancel , which is smaller than the nave , and a chapel ( on the south side of the building attached to the nave ) were added in the 14th century , and the arches dividing the nave from the chapel and the chancel are of this date . The entrance door , from the 19th century , is positioned on the east side of the chapel and has a pointed archway . Alongside the doorway is a stone inscribed with the year 1637 , and next to that is a round @-@ headed small window dating from the 12th century , reset in the chapel wall of later date . It has been suggested that this window may been reused from the blocked nave entrance . 
 The east window of the chancel , from the 15th century , has two lights topped with trefoils and decorated with carved heads . There is also a blocked 14th @-@ century window in the chancel 's north wall and an early 16th @-@ century window in the south wall . Other windows in the church date from the 17th century ( chapel south window ) and 19th century ( nave ) . The pews date from the 17th century : one stall in the chancel bears an inscribed panel of wood , dated 1664 , recording that it is the seat of William Bold of Treyrddol . There are a number of memorials inside the church from the 17th , 18th and early 19th centuries . The church 's 19th @-@ century fittings , such as the pulpit and altar rail , are plain . 
 The most notable feature of the church is its font , which dates from the late 12th century , or possibly even the first part of the 11th century . It measures 2 feet 1 inch ( 63 @.@ 5 cm ) by 2 feet 11 inches ( 88 @.@ 9 cm ) ( external measurements ) and is 11 inches ( 27 @.@ 9 cm ) deep . It is rectangular and decorated on three sides . One of the shorter sides has a cross with four arms of equal length imposed on a ring ; at the base are two small hemispheres , and the design is framed with bands ( some plain , some decorated with chevrons or a twisted rope pattern ) . It has been suggested that the hemispheres are bee skeps . One of the longer sides has a row of arches forming an arcade above a pattern of lozenges . The other shorter side has a chequerwork pattern . The archeologist David Petts has noted that it is one of a number of fonts on Anglesey that has an area with little or no carving , perhaps because it was never anticipated that the plain side of the font would be seen or because the font was carved after being put in its position in the church . Although similar in style to other Anglesey fonts , its rectangular shape is " unique " , according to Petts , and the cross on one side " finds no parallels among fonts of this period . " 
 One writer , the historian Peter Lord , has suggested that it was initially used as an altar . Accepting the 11th @-@ century dating , Lord stated that " as an altar of the pre @-@ Norman period it is a unique survivor in Wales and , indeed , in Britain " . Petts considers this " unlikely " , suggesting that it may originally have been a reliquary . The Friends of Friendless Churches describes the font as the building 's " chief glory " . It has also been called " the best of Anglesey 's remarkable Romanesque series . " It has similarities of design and style with the fonts of two other churches on Anglesey ( St Llwydian 's Church , Heneglwys and St Iestyn 's Church , Llaniestyn ) and with one of the stone crosses at St Seiriol 's Church , Penmon . 
 
 = = Assessment = = 
 
 The church is a Grade II * listed building – the second @-@ highest ( of three ) grade of listing , designating " particularly important buildings of more than special interest " . It was given this status on 5 April 1971 , and has been listed because it is " a rural Medieval church retaining its simple character . " It is described by Cadw ( the Welsh Assembly Government body responsible for the built heritage of Wales ) as a church " of typical Anglesey type " , where the 19th @-@ century restoration work has " retained the simplicity of design and construction " , and also the church 's medieval character . 
 In the 19th century , the writer Samuel Lewis said that it was " small and of rude workmanship " , but had " several curious features " such as the font that made it " valuable " . The antiquarian Angharad Llwyd , writing in 1833 , described it as " a small cruciform structure , situated in a little barren valley " , with the south transept " bearing evidence of very great antiquity . " She stated that there were some windows " in the later English style , of good design , especially the east window of the chancel , which is a very superior composition . " 
 
 
 = The Tramp Dentists = 
 
 The Tramp Dentists is a 1913 American silent short comedy film released by the newly formed Joker productions by the Universal Film Manufacturing Company . Directed by Allen Curtis , the film 's cast includes Max Asher , Lee Morris , Eddie Boland Joseph Singleton and Bobby Vernon . The film is centered on two tramps , Dusty and Weary , who take over a dentist shop and get rich through their untrained dentistry , extracting teeth with pincers and ice tongs . After earning a large amount of money , the tramps return to their old way of life . Released on October 29 , 1913 , this film was the second Joker comedy . The film received some criticism for its vulgar humor . The film had a wide national release in the United States , but the film is presumed lost . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Two tramps , named Dusty and Weary , awake from their slumber in a hay stock and are overcome with thirst . The two drink from a horse trough and Dusty complains of toothache . The two go to the dentist office only to be kicked out . When the dentist departs on a cruise the two tramps then pose as dentists and occupy the office and pull teeth with pincers and tongs . When the rightful owners return they drive off again . The tramps continue in their venture and quickly make a large sum of money before they desire their old way of life . The two tramps then surrender the office to its rightful owners . 
 
 = = Cast = = 
 
 Max Asher 
 Lee Morris 
 Eddie Boland 
 Joseph Singleton 
 Bobby Vernon credited as Sylvion De Jardins 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 The term " tramp dentist " refers to an unskilled individual who practices dentistry . The appearance of the word and its usage was popularized in the 1890s and often applied as a literal definition of a tramp , a traveling long @-@ term homeless person , who engages in dentistry . The term was not exclusive to the United States as noted in Tracey Adams 's A Dentist and a Gentleman : Gender and the Rise of Dentistry in Ontario which refers to local blacksmiths and gunsmiths who would pull teeth and even create dentures of questionable effectiveness and quality . The single reel film was directed by Allen Curtis and released on October 29 , 1913 . The film was the second release of the newly formed Joker line of comedies , following The Cheese Special . The film was not heralded with as much fanfare , but records show that the film was still advertised in theaters in July 1914 . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 The Moving Picture World reviewed the film as being a low comedy that featured " somewhat disgusting " dental humor with the extraction of teeth with pincers and ice tongs . A more direct review in response to the film 's comedic antics came from a letter to the editor of The Motion Picture Story Magazine which appealed the vulgar antics in the film as going to alienate members the audience and risk their continued patronage . The film had a wide national release that was shown in theaters throughout the United States . Locations included Chicago , Illinois , Atlanta , Georgia , Oklahoma , Ohio , North Carolina , Pennsylvania , Oregon , Wisconsin , and Kansas . 
 The Tramp Dentists is presumed lost , but the date of disappearance is unknown . If the film were to have survived in Universal 's vaults it would have been deliberately destroyed along with the remaining copies of Universal 's silent era films in 1948 . 
 
 
 = Qedarite = 
 
 The Qedarites ( also Kedarites / Cedarenes , Cedar / Kedar / Qedar , and Kingdom of Qedar ) were a largely nomadic , ancient Arab tribal confederation . Described as " the most organized of the Northern Arabian tribes " , at the peak of its power in the 6th century BCE it controlled a large region between the Persian Gulf and the Sinai Peninsula . 
 Biblical tradition holds that the Qedarites are named for Qedar , the second son of Ishmael , mentioned in the Bible 's books of Genesis ( 25 : 13 ) and 1 Chronicles ( 1 : 29 ) , where there are also frequent references to Qedar as a tribe . The earliest extrabiblical inscriptions discovered by archaeologists that mention the Qedarites are from the Neo @-@ Assyrian Empire . Spanning the 8th and 7th centuries BCE , they list the names of Qedarite kings who revolted and were defeated in battle , as well as those who paid Assyrian monarchs tribute , including Zabibe , queen of the Arabs ( šar @-@ rat KUR.a @-@ ri @-@ bi ) . There are also Aramaic and Old South Arabian inscriptions recalling the Qedarites , who further appear briefly in the writings of Classical Greek , such as Herodotus , and Roman historians , such as Pliny the Elder , and Diodorus . 
 It is unclear when the Qedarites ceased to exist as a separately defined confederation or people . Allies with the Nabataeans , it is likely that they were absorbed into the Nabataean state around the 2nd century CE . In Islam , Isma 'il is considered to be the ancestral forefather of the Arab people , and in traditional Islamic historiography , Muslim historians have assigned great importance in their accounts to his first two sons ( Nebaioth and Qedar ) , with the genealogy of Muhammad , a Messenger of God in Islam , alternately assigned to one or the other son , depending on the scholar . 
 
 = = Etymology = = 
 
 It has been suggested that the name of the Qedarites is derived from the name for Ishamel 's second son Qedar . Though the tribal name is Arabic , it was first transcribed in Assyrian ( 8th century BCE ) and Aramaic ( 6th century BCE ) , as the Arabic alphabet had not yet been developed . In the Mareshah onomasticon , the Qedarites are listed as an ethnic group whose name in Aramaic transliteration is QDRYN . 
 The Arabic triliteral root q @-@ d @-@ r means " to measure , compute , estimate " ; " to decree , appoint , ordain " ; and " to have power , or ability . " Qidr , a noun derived from the same root , means " cauldron , kettle " , and also gives the verbal derivation , " to cook " . Ernst Axel Knauf , a biblical scholar who undertook a historical study of the Ishmaelites and determined that they were known in Assyrian inscriptions as the Šumu 'il , surmises that the name of the Qedarites was derived from the verb qadara , with its meaning of " to ordain , to have power " . As this etymology is a deduction based solely on the prominence of the Qedar among the Šumu 'il tribes , it is viewed as inconclusive by other scholars . 
 
 = = Geographical scope = = 
 
 The Qedarites were an " Arab tribal confederation , " or " alliance of nomadic Arab tribes . " According to Philip J. King , theologian and historian , they lived in the northwest Arabian desert and were " an influential force from the 8th to 4th centuries BCE . " Geoffrey Bromiley , historical theologist and translator , transcribes their name as Kedar and states they lived in an area southeast of Damascus and east of the Transjordan . 
 8th century BCE Assyrian inscriptions place the Qedarites as living in the area to the east of the western border of Babylon . Moving further east into areas of the Transjordan and southern Syria in the 7th century BCE , by the 5th century BCE they had spread into the Sinai and as far as the Nile Delta . Qedarite domination of northwest Arabia involved alliances between the kings of Qedar and the kings of Dedan ( Al-`Ula ) . Historian Israel Eph 'al writes that the " breadth of Qedarite distribution suggests a federation of tribes with various sub @-@ divisions . " 
 Oases in the largely desert region lived in by the Qedarites - such as Dedan , Tayma , and Dumah - played an important role as sites of settlement , trade , and watering @-@ places . Dumah , a remote desert city to the west , known later as Dumat Al @-@ Jandal and today as al @-@ Jawf , was the most important of these , sitting as it did between the empires of Babylonia and Assyria . Serving as the base for Qedarite religious ceremonies , Dumah 's strategic position on the north @-@ south trade route in the area meant that relations with its inhabitants were sought after by both empires , though Dumah and the Qedarites were closer in both geographical and political terms to Babylonia . Those coming from the south and wishing to access Mesopotamia were obliged to pass through Dumah , which also lay on an alternate route to the northwest , leading to the city of Damascus , and from there , on to Assyria and Anatolia . 
 During the period of Persian imperial rule in the region ( c . 550 – 330 BCE ) , the Qedarites exercised control over the desert areas bordering Egypt and Israel and the traffic related to Arabian incense trade upon which Gaza depended . Herodotus ( c . 484 – 425 BCE ) writes of their presence in the northern Sinai near the Egyptian border where they may have been engaged by the Achaemenids , the Persian imperial authorities , to keep that border secure as well as their control of the city of Gaza . 
 
 = = Historical references = = 
 
 
 = = = Extrabiblical = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Assyrian inscriptions = = = = 
 
 The first documented mention of Qedar is from a stele ( c . 737 BCE ) of Tiglath @-@ Pileser III , a king of the Neo @-@ Assyrian Empire , that lists leaders from the western part of Mesopotamia that pay him tribute . To the Assyrians , the Qedarites were known as Qidri or qi @-@ id @-@ ri with other cuneiform inscriptions also using Qadri , Qidarri , Qidari and Qudari ( Neo Babylonian ) . Zabibe ( c . 738 BCE ) is listed among those paying tribute under the title " queen of the Qidri and the Aribi " ( Aribi meaning " Arabs " ) . 
 Also mentioned in Assyrian royal inscriptions is Zabibe 's successor Yatie ( c . 730 BCE ) , who sent forces headed by her brother Baasqanu to aid Merodach @-@ Baladan in his bid to hold onto power in Babylon . Together with an army from Elam , this alliance faced the forces of Sennacherib , on the Assyrian king 's first campaign in 703 BCE . The events of the battle are recorded in the annals of Sennacherib which describe Yatie as " queen of the Arabs , " and tell of the capture of her brother Baasqanu in battle . Israel Eph 'al writes that this is the first mention in Assyrian documents of Arabs as an ethnic element in Babylonia . 
 Statements about the Qedarites in the annals of the Assyrian kings of Ashurbanipal and his son Esarhaddon indicate that the term Kedar was almost synonymous with Arabia . Hazael , who ruled c . 690 – 676 BCE , is described as a Qedarite king by Ashurbanipal and " king of the Arabs " by Esarhaddon . After Sennacherib 's invasion of Babylonia in 691 – 689 BCE , Hazael fled to Dumah . Dumah is referred to as Adummatu by the Assyrians , and the city is described by them as the seat of the Qedar confederation and the base of their cult . 
 Te 'elkhunu and Tabua , both referred to as both " queens of Qidri " and " queens of Aribi , " have Adummatu explicitly denoted as their seat and capital city in the inscriptions . While the capital city for the three other queens referred to as " queens of Aribi " ( Samsi , Zabibe and Yatie ) is not explicitly mentioned , it is thought to have been Adummatu as well . Numerous inscriptions discovered in Dumah itself are further indications for a strong Qedarite presence , one of which asks of three deities known to the Assyrians as gods of Qedar ( Ruda , Nuha and Atarsamain ) for " help in the matter of my love . " 
 The conquest of Adummatu by Sennacherib in 690 BCE and the capture of a Qedarite queen , Te 'elkhunu , who was brought back to Assyria with other loot , including divine images , is also mentioned in the annals of the Assyrian monarchs . Esarhaddon eventually returned the " renewed " images of the Arab gods to Adummatu with Tabua , " who grew up in the palace of Sennacherib , " and was appointed Qedarite queen by Esarhaddon to replace Te 'elkhunu . However , strained relations between the Assyrians and the Qedarites meant that she ruled for only a brief period , with Esarhaddon recognizing Hazael as the king of Qedar after he increased his tribute to the Assyrian monarch by 65 camels . Esarhaddon then appointed Yauta , son of Hazael , as a Qedarite king , following Hazael 's death . That Yauta paid a tribute in the form of 10 minas of gold , 1 @,@ 000 precious stones , 50 camels , and 1 @,@ 000 leather pouches of aromatics is also recorded . 
 The defeat of Ammuladi and Yauta after they mounted Qedarite forces to march against the kings of the Amurru is recorded by Ashurbanipal . Yauta is said to have " roused the people of Arabia to revolt with him . " His wife , Adiya , is the only woman mentioned in Assyrian inscriptions as both a Qedarite queen and the wife of a Qedarite king , and is thought to be the only woman who was not a ruler in her own right . The inscriptions record how Adiya was sent by Yauta to accompany Ammuladi and the Qedarite forces , and their subsequent defeat and capture in 604 BCE by the forces of Kamushaltu , king of Moab and a loyal vassal of the Assyrian empire . Yauta is said to have " fled to the Nabataeans . " His subsequent capture and sentencing in Nineveh are recorded by Ashurbanipal who relates that , " I put a dog chain upon him and made him guard a kennel . " Abiyate was appointed as Yauta 's successor , and soon joined with the Nabataeans to revolt against Assyria again , prompting Ashurbanipal to launch a three @-@ month campaign to end it , beginning in Palmyra , continuing on to Damascus and ending in the southern part of al @-@ Leja . 
 
 = = = = Old South Arabic and Aramaic inscriptions = = = = 
 
 Old South Arabic inscriptions mention qdrn ( " Qadirān " or " Qadrān " ) as a person or people . Graffiti found in al @-@ Ula , known as the Graffito of Niran at Dedan , mentions Gashmu I , son of Shahr I , as King of Qedar . 
 A " king of Qedar " is also mentioned in a late 5th century BCE Aramaic inscription on a silver vessel found at Tell Maskhuta in the eastern Nile Delta in lower Egypt . The inscription names him as " Qainū son of Gashmu , " with the vessel described as an , " offering to han- ' Ilāt " . 
 While it does not specifically mention the Qedar and is therefore a subject of debate , an Aramaic inscription dating to 5th century BCE discovered on an incense altar at Lachish and dedicated to , " Iyas , son of Mahaly , the king , " is interpreted by André Lemaire as a possible reference to kings of Qedar . 
 
 = = = = Classical Antiquity = = = = 
 
 Herodotus has documented that the Qedarites were called upon to assist Cambyses II of the Persian empire in his invasion of Egypt in 525 BCE . The Qedarites and Nabataens were known to enjoy close relations , even engaging as wartime allies against the Assyrians . It is possible that the Qedarites were eventually incorporated into the Nabataen state which emerged as the strongest Ishmaelite presence in northwestern Arabia c. the 2nd century CE . In The Cambridge Ancient History , some of the ( Arab ) Nabataens mentioned by Diodorus in his retelling of events that took place in 312 BCE are said to be Qedarites . 
 Pliny the Elder ( 23 – 79 CE ) , who refers to the Cedrei and Cedareni ( " Cedarenes " ) in the context of other Arabian tribes , placing their domain to the south of the Conchlei and adjacent to that of the Nabataei , is thought to be referring to the Qedar . Jerome ( c . 357 – 420 CE ) , also writing in Latin , transcribes Qedar as Cedar , and refers to it as a region . In one entry , he describes it as , " a region of the Saracens , who are called Ishmaelites in scripture " ; in another , he writes that it was a " once uninhabitable region across Saracen Arabia " ; and in a third , he writes that it is a " deserted region of the Ishmaelites , whom they now call Saracens . " According to the Catholic Encyclopedia , Theodoret ( c . 393 – c . 457 ) mentions that in his time , the Qedar lived near Babylon . 
 
 = = = = 19th century = = = = 
 
 There are brief references to the Qedar in the writings of Western travellers to the Levant in the 19th century . Drawing on biblical motfis , comparisons are made between the Bedouins and the Qedar . For example , Albert Augustus Isaacs describes the imposing spectacle of a Bedouin encampment on a plain upon which , " the black tents of Kedar were spread far and wide . " An earlier account by Charles Boileau Elliot describes the Arabs as falling into two main groups , Fellahs and Bedouins , and identifies the latter with Ishmael and the Qedar as follows : 
 [ ... ] the Bedouins still retain the wandering habits of their father Ishmael ; their ' hand is against every man , and every man 's hand is against ' them ; the wild desert is their home ; the ground their pallet and their canopy the sky ; or , if luxurious their choicest place of sojourn is a little tent ' black as the tents of Kedar ' their progenitor [ ... ] 
 Charles Forster identifies the Arab tribe of the Beni Harb as the modern descendants of the Kedar . He proposes that Beni Harb ( " sons of war " ) is a patronym and nom de guerre that was adopted by the tribe at least 2 @,@ 000 years ago , replacing Kedar as the national moniker . 
 
 = = = Biblical = = = 
 
 The descendants of Abraham and Hagar are called Ishmaelites , after Ishmael , their firstborn , and the Qedarites are named for his second son , Qedar . The Bible refers to both the Qedarites and Qedar frequently . Old Testament references include Genesis ( 25 : 13 ) , Isaiah ( 21 : 16 @-@ 17 , 42 : 11 , 60 : 7 ) , Jeremiah ( 2 : 10 , 49 : 28 @-@ 33 ) , Ezekiel ( 27 : 21 ) , and Chronicles ( 1 : 29 ) . Twice , Qedar is used to refer to the actual son of Ishmael , as in the books of Genesis and Chronicles , while remaining references are to his descendants , referring either to his most prominent North Arabian sons , or to the Arabs and Bedouins as a more general collective . The " tents of Kedar " equated with " the peace @-@ hating Meshech " mentioned in the Book of Psalms ( 120 : 5 ) were likely a Qedarite sub @-@ group . 
 In Canticles ( 1 : 5 ) , the tents of the Qedarites are described as black : " Black I am , but beautiful , ye daughters of Jerusalem / As tents of Qedar , as tentcloth of Salam black . " Their tents are said to be made of black goat hair . A tribe of Salam was located just south of the Nabateans in Madain Salih , and Knauf proposed that the Qedarites mentioned in this Masoretic text were in fact Nabataeans and played a crucial role in the spice trade in the 3rd century BCE . 
 Biblical descriptions indicate there were two major types of Qedarites : nomads ( Arabic : wabariya ) living in tents and sedentary people ( Arabic : ḥaḍariya ) living in villages . Jeremiah describes them as " a nation at ease , that dwells securely " ( 49 : 31 ) and notes that they engage in the pagan practice of shaving their temples . Isaiah recalls their warrior activities and skill with the bow . ( 21 : 16f ) Ezekiel associates , " Arabia and all the princes of Kedar , " and indicates that they engaged in sheep / goat trading with the Phoenicians . The three books list the flocks of the Qedarites as including lambs , rams , goats and camels . 
 Jeremiah also tells of a campaign by Nebuchadnezzar ( 630 – 562 BCE ) against the Qedarites during the Babylonian period . Gashmu , the king of the Qedarites mentioned in the 5th century BCE Aramaic inscription described above , is also referred to as " Geshem the Arab " or " Geshem the Arabian " by Nehemiah who lists him as one of his adversaries , since Gashmu stands opposed to Nehemiah 's governorship over Judea in 447 BCE . 
 
 = = Culture and society = = 
 
 Biblical and extrabiblical evidence suggests that of the Arabian tribes , the Qedarites were most prominent in their contacts with the world outside of Arabia . Like other nomadic groups , they lived primarily in unfortified encampments . Pastoralists and traders in livestock , such as male lambs , rams and goats , they also played a key role in the prosperity of Gaza 's incense trade , controlling traffic in the desert regions between Egypt and Palestine . As a result of their trading activities , there were clans from among the Qedarites that became wealthy . 
 Though they were vassals under Assyrian rule and were often engaged in rebellion against that empire , the rise to dominance of the Persian empire proved beneficial to the Qedarites . Qedarite control of the trade routes and the access they afforded the Persians translated into what Herodotus described as a friendly relationship . 
 
 = = = Language = = = 
 
 The Qedarites are among a number of North Arabian tribes whose interactions with Arameaen tribes beginning in the 8th century BCE resulted in cultural exchanges between these two large Semitic groups . Early Arab tribal groups like the Qedarites spoke early Arab dialects , but as the Arabic alphabet had not yet been developed , they used the Aramaic alphabet to write . " The tongue of Kedar " is used in rabbinical sources as a name for the Arabic language . 
 Papponymy , the practice of naming boys after their grandfathers , was common among the Qedar . Some Qedarites had Aramaic personal names ( e.g. Hazael or Haza @-@ el ) , while others had Arabic personal names ( e.g. Gashmu and Zabibe ) . Aramaic civilization and its peoples were gradually absorbed by the Arabs with Arabic dialects in Lebanon , Palestine , Syria , and Iraq in particular exhibiting the influence of Aramaic . 
 
 = = = Religion = = = 
 
 Religious worship among the Qedar , as was the case for most of the inhabitants of Arabia until the 7th century CE , was centered around a polytheistic system in which women rose to prominence . Divine images of the gods and goddesses worshipped by Qedarite Arabs , as noted in Assyrian inscriptions , included representations of Atarsamain , Nuha , Ruda , Daa , Abirillu , and Atarquruma . The female guardian of these idols , usually the reigning queen , served as a priestess ( apkallatu , in Assyrian texts ) who communed with the other world . As mentioned above , there is also evidence that the Qedar worshipped Al @-@ lāt , to whom the inscription on a silver bowl from a king of Qedar is dedicated . In the Babylonian Talmud , which was passed down orally for centuries before being transcribed c . 500 CE , in tractate Taanis ( folio 5b ) , it is said that most Qedarites worshiped pagan gods . 
 
 = = = Tomb = = = 
 
 There is a mausoleum assigned to him in Qeydar city Zanjan Province , Iran 
 
 = = Genealogy = = 
 
 The biblical view of the late Iron Age political and cultural map describes it as a set of branching genealogies . Biblical figures three generations forward from Terah are invariably described as the eponymous founders of different tribes and polities that interacted with the Kingdom of Judah between the 8th and 6th centuries BCE . Such is the case of the Qedarite Arabs , who according to biblical tradition , are the offspring of the Abraham @-@ Ishmael @-@ Kedar genealogical line . 
 The majority of Sayyid believe they are one of the modern day descendants of Muhammad , and that they are therefore the descendants of Ishmael and his second son Qedar . Abu Ja 'far al @-@ Baqir ( 676 – 743 CE ) wrote that his father Ali ibn Husayn informed him that Mohammed had said : " The first whose tongue spoke in clear Arabic was Ishmael , when he was fourteen years old . " Hisham Ibn Muhammad al @-@ Kalbi ( 737 – 819 CE ) established a genealogical link between Ishmael and Mohammed using writings that drew on biblical and Palmyran sources , and the ancient oral traditions of the Arabs . His book , Jamharat al @-@ Nasab ( " The Abundance of Kinship " ) , seems to posit that the people known as " Arabs " are all descendants of Ishmael . Ibn Kathir ( 1301 – 1373 ) writes , " All the Arabs of the Hijaz are descendants of Nebaioth and Qedar . " Medieval Jewish sources also usually identified Qedar with Arabs and / or Muslims . According to author and scholar Irfan Shahîd , Western scholars viewed this kind of " genealogical Ishmaelism " with suspicion , seeing it as , 
 [ ... ] a late Islamic fabrication because of the confusion in Islamic times which made it such a capacious term as to include the inhabitants of the south as well as the north of the Arabian Peninsula . But shorn of this extravagance , the concept is much more modest in its denotation , and in the sober sources it applies only to certain groups among the Arabs of pre @-@ Islamic times . Some important statements to this effect were made by Muhammed when he identified some Arabs as Ishmaelites and others as not . 
 Ishmaelism in this more limited definition holds that Ishmael was both an important religious figure and eponymous ancestor for some of the Arabs of western Arabia . Prominence is given in Arab genealogical accounts to the first two of Ishmael 's twelve sons , Nebaioth ( Arabic : نبيت , Nabīt ) and Qedar ( Arabic : قيدار , Qaydār ) , who are also prominently featured in the Genesis account . It is likely that they and their tribes lived in northwestern Arabia and were historically the most important of the twelve Ishamelite tribes . 
 In accounts tracing the ancestry of Mohammed back to Ma 'ad ( and from there to Adam ) , Arab scholars alternate , with some citing the line as through Nebaioth , others Qedar . 
 
 
 = Super Science Stories = 
 
 Super Science Stories was an American pulp science fiction magazine published by Popular Publications from 1940 and 1943 , and again from 1949 to 1951 . Popular launched it under their " Fictioneers " imprint , which they used for magazines paying writers less than one cent per word . Frederik Pohl was hired in late 1939 , at 19 years old , to edit the magazine ; he also edited Astonishing Stories , a companion science fiction publication . Pohl left in mid @-@ 1941 , and Super Science Stories was given to Alden H. Norton to edit ; a few months later Norton rehired Pohl as an assistant . Popular gave Pohl a very low budget , so most manuscripts submitted to Super Science Stories had already been rejected by the higher @-@ paying magazines . This made it difficult to acquire good fiction , but Pohl was able to acquire stories for the early issues from the Futurians , a group of young science fiction fans and aspiring writers . 
 Super Science Stories was an initial success , and within a year Popular increased Pohl 's budget slightly , allowing him to pay a bonus rate on occasion . Pohl wrote many stories himself , to fill the magazine and to augment his salary . He managed to obtain stories by writers who subsequently became very well known , such as Isaac Asimov and Robert Heinlein . After Pohl entered the army in early 1943 , wartime paper shortages led Popular to cease publication of Super Science Stories . The final issue of the first run was dated May of that year . In 1949 the title was revived with Ejler Jakobsson as editor ; this version , which included many reprinted stories , lasted almost three years , with the last issue dated August 1951 . A Canadian reprint edition of the first run included material from both Super Science Stories and Astonishing Stories ; it was unusual in that it printed some original fiction rather than just reprints . There were also Canadian and British reprint editions of the second incarnation of the magazine . 
 The magazine was never regarded as one of the leading titles of the genre , but has received qualified praise from science fiction critics and historians . Science fiction historian Raymond Thompson describes it as " one of the most interesting magazines to appear during the 1940s " , despite the variable quality of the stories . Critics Brian Stableford and Peter Nicholls comment that the magazine " had a greater importance to the history of sf than the quality of its stories would suggest ; it was an important training ground " . 
 
 = = Publication history = = 
 
 Although science fiction ( sf ) had been published before the 1920s , it did not begin to coalesce into a separately marketed genre until the appearance in 1926 of Amazing Stories , a pulp magazine published by Hugo Gernsback . By the end of the 1930s the field was booming , and several new sf magazines were launched in 1939 . Frederik Pohl , a science fiction fan and aspiring writer , visited Robert Erisman , the editor of Marvel Science Stories and Dynamic Science Stories , to ask for a job . Erisman did not have an opening for him , but told Pohl that Popular Publications , a leading pulp publisher , was starting a new line of low @-@ paying magazines and might be interested in adding a science fiction title . On October 25 , 1939 , Pohl visited Rogers Terrill at Popular , and was hired immediately , at the age of nineteen , on a salary of ten dollars per week . Pohl was given two magazines to edit : Super Science Stories and Astonishing Stories . Super Science Stories was intended to carry longer pieces , and Astonishing focused on shorter fiction ; Super Science Stories was retitled Super Science Novels Magazine in March 1941 , reflecting this policy , but after only three issues the title was changed back to Super Science Stories . 
 Popular was uncertain of the sales potential for the two new titles and decided to publish them under its Fictioneers imprint , which was used for lower @-@ paying magazines . Super Science Stories ' first issue was dated March 1940 ; it was bimonthly , with Astonishing Stories appearing in the alternate months . In Pohl 's memoirs he recalls Harry Steeger , one of the company owners , breaking down the budget for Astonishing for him : " Two hundred seventy @-@ five dollars for stories . A hundred dollars for black and white art . Thirty dollars for a cover . " For Super Science Stories , Steeger gave him an additional $ 50 as it was 16 pages longer , so his total budget was $ 455 per issue . Pohl could only offer half a cent per word for fiction , well below the rates offered by the leading magazines . Super Science Stories sold well , despite Pohl 's limited resources : Popular was a major pulp publisher and had a strong distribution network , which helped circulation . Steeger soon increased Pohl 's budget , to pay bonuses for popular stories . Pohl later commented that he was uncertain whether the additional funds really helped to bring in higher quality submissions , although at the time he assured Steeger it would improve the magazine . Some of the additional money went to Ray Cummings , a long @-@ established sf writer who came to see Pohl in person to submit his work . Cummings refused to sell for less than one cent a word ; Pohl had some extra money available when Cummings first visited him , and though he disliked Cummings ' work was never able to bring himself to reject Cummings submissions , or even to tell him that he could not really afford to pay the rate Cummings was asking . Pohl comments in his memoirs that " for months he [ Cummings ] would turn up regularly as clockwork and sell me a new story ; I hated them all , and bought them all . " 
 By reducing the space he needed to fill with fiction Pohl managed to stretch his budget . A long letter column took up several pages but required no payment , and neither did running advertisements for Popular 's other magazines . Some authors sent inaccurate word counts with the stories they submitted , and savings were made by paying them on the basis of whichever word count was less — the author 's or one done by Popular 's staff . The result was a saving of forty to fifty dollars per issue . Snipped elements of black and white illustrations were also reused to fill space , as multiple uses of the same artwork did not require additional payments to the artist . 
 Towards the end of 1940 Popular doubled Pohl 's salary to twenty dollars per week . In June 1941 Pohl visited Steeger to ask for a further raise , intending to resign and work as a free @-@ lance writer if he was unsuccessful . Steeger was unreceptive , and Pohl commented later " I have never been sure whether I quit or got fired " . Instead of replacing Pohl , Popular assigned editor @-@ in @-@ chief Alden H. Norton to add the magazines to his responsibilities . The arrangement lasted for seven months , after which Norton asked Pohl to return as his assistant . Norton offered Pohl thirty @-@ five dollars a week as an associate editor , substantially more than the twenty dollars a week he had received as editor , and Pohl readily accepted . 
 Pohl was not eligible to be drafted for military service as he was married , but by the end of 1942 his marriage was over and he decided to enlist . As voluntary enlistment was suspended he was unable to immediately join the army , but eventually was inducted on April 1 , 1943 . Paper was difficult to obtain because of the war , and Popular decided to close the magazine down ; the final issue , dated April 1943 , was assembled with the assistance of Ejler Jakobsson . 
 In late 1948 , as a second boom in science fiction publishing was beginning , Popular decided to revive the magazine . Jakobsson later recalled hearing about the revival while on vacation , swimming in a lake , five miles from a phone : " A boy on a bicycle showed on shore and shouted , ' Call your office . ' " When he reached a phone , Norton told him that the magazine was being relaunched and would be given to Jakobsson to edit . Damon Knight , who was working for Popular at the time , also worked on the magazine as assistant editor , although he was not credited . The relaunched magazine survived for almost three years , but the market for pulps was weak , and when Knight left in 1950 to edit Worlds Beyond Jakobsson was unable to sustain support for it within Popular . It ceased publication with the August 1951 issue . 
 
 = = Contents and reception = = 
 
 Because of the low rates of pay , the stories submitted to Super Science Stories in its first year had generally already been rejected elsewhere . However , Pohl was a member of the Futurians , a group of science fiction fans that included Isaac Asimov , C.M. Kornbluth , Richard Wilson and Donald Wollheim ; the Futurians were eager to become professional writers and were eager to submit stories to Pohl . The Futurians were prolific ; in Pohl 's first year as an editor he bought a total of fifteen stories from them for the two magazines . Pohl contributed material himself , usually in collaboration with one or more of the Futurians . Particularly after his marriage to Doris Baumgardt in August 1940 , Pohl realized that his salary covered their apartment rent with almost no money left over , and began to augment his income by selling to himself as well as to other magazines . The first story Pohl ever published that was not a collaboration was " The Dweller in the Ice " , which appeared in the January 1941 Super Science Stories . All of the stories Pohl bought from himself were published under pseudonyms , though in fact Pohl used pseudonyms for everything he wrote until the 1950s . 
 The first issue , dated March 1940 , contained " Emergency Refueling " , James Blish 's first published story , two stories by John Russell Fearn ( one under the pseudonym " Thornton Ayre " ) , fiction by Frank Belknap Long , Ross Rocklynne , Raymond Gallun , Harl Vincent and Dean O 'Brien ; and a poem by Kornbluth , " The Song of the Rocket " , under the pseudonym " Gabriel Barclay " . Blish 's most notable contribution to the magazine was " Sunken Universe " , which appeared in the May 1942 issue under the pseudonym " Arthur Merlyn " . This later formed part of " Surface Tension " , one of Blish 's most popular stories . Other writers whose first story appeared in Super Science Stories include Ray Bradbury , Chad Oliver , and Wilson Tucker . Bradbury 's first sale , " Pendulum " , was bought by Norton , and appeared in the November 1941 issue ; Tucker 's writing career began with " Interstellar Way Station " in May 1941 , and Oliver 's " The Land of Lost Content " appeared in the November 1950 Super Science Stories . Asimov appeared four times in Super Science Stories , starting with " Robbie " , his first Robot story , under the title " Strange Playfellow " . 
 Although most stories submitted to Super Science Stories were rejects from the better @-@ paying markets such as Astounding Science Fiction , Pohl recalled in his memoirs that John W. Campbell , the editor of Astounding , would occasionally pass on a good story by a prolific author because he felt readers did not want to see the same authors in every issue . As a result , Pohl was able to print L. Sprague de Camp 's Genus Homo , in the March 1941 Super Science Stories , and Robert Heinlein 's " Let There Be Light " and " Lost Legacy " in the May 1940 and November 1941 issues : these were stories which , in Pohl 's opinion , " would have looked good anywhere " . Pohl also suggested that Campbell rejected some of Heinlein 's stories because they contained mild references to sex . A couple of readers did complain , with one disgusted letter writer commenting " If you are going to continue to print such pseudosophisticated , pre @-@ prep @-@ school tripe as " Let There Be Light " , you should change the name of the mag to Naughty Future Funnies " . 
 The second run of Super Science Stories included some fiction that had first appeared in the Canadian reprint edition , which outlasted the U.S. original and printed eleven stories that had been acquired but not printed by the time Popular shut Super Science Stories and Astonishing down in early 1943 . These included " The Black Sun Rises " by Henry Kuttner , " And Then – the Silence " , by Ray Bradbury , and " The Bounding Crown " by James Blish . From mid @-@ 1950 a reprint feature was established . This led to some reader complaints , with one correspondent pointing out that it was particularly galling to discover that Blish 's " Sunken Universe " , reprinted in the November 1950 issue , was a better story than the original material in the magazine . The magazine also reprinted stories from Famous Fantastic Mysteries , which Popular had acquired from Munsey Publishing in 1941 . 
 Some of the original stories were well @-@ received : for example , Ray Bradbury 's " The Impossible " , which appeared in the November 1949 issue , and was later included in Bradbury 's book The Martian Chronicles , is described by sf historian Raymond Thompson as a " haunting ... comment on man 's attempts to realize his conflicting hopes and dreams " . Thompson also comments positively on Poul Anderson 's early story " Terminal Quest " , in Super Science Stories 's final issue , dated August 1951 ; and on Arthur C. Clarke 's " Exile of the Eons " in the March 1950 issue . John D. MacDonald also contributed good material . 
 The book reviews in Super Science Stories were of a higher standard than elsewhere in the field , and historian Paul Carter regards Astonishing and Super Science Stories as the place where " book reviewing for the first time began to merit the term ' literary criticism ' " , adding that " it was in those magazines that the custom began of paying attention to science fiction on the stage and screen also " . The artwork was initially amateurish , and although it improved over the years , even the better artists such as Virgil Finlay and Lawrence Stevens continued to produce cliched depictions of half @-@ dressed women threatened by robots or aliens . H. R. van Dongen , later a prolific cover artist for Astounding , made his first science fiction art sale to Super Science Stories for the cover of the September 1950 issue . 
 Sf historian Mike Ashley regards Super Science Stories as marginally better than its companion magazine , Astonishing , adding " both are a testament to what a good editor can do with a poor budget " . According to sf critics Brian Stableford and Peter Nicholls , the magazine " had a greater importance to the history of sf than the quality of its stories would suggest ; it was an important training ground " . 
 
 = = Bibliographic details = = 
 
 The first run of Super Science Stories was edited by Frederik Pohl from March 1940 through August 1941 ( nine issues ) , and then by Alden H. Norton from November 1941 through May 1943 ( seven issues ) . Ejler Jakobsson was the editor throughout the second run , from January 1949 to August 1951 . The publisher was Popular Publications for both versions , although the first was issued under Popular 's Fictioneers imprint . It was pulp @-@ sized throughout both runs . At launch the magazine had 128 pages and was priced at 15 cents ; the price increased to 20 cents when it went to 144 pages in March 1941 , and again to 25 cents for the May 1943 issue , which had 128 pages again . The second run was priced at 25 cents throughout and had 112 pages . The title was Super Science Stories for both runs except for three issues from March to August 1941 , which were titled Super Science Novels Magazine . The volume numbering was completely regular , with seven volumes of four numbers and a final volume of three numbers . It was bimonthly for the first eight issues , from March 1940 to May 1941 , and then went to a regular quarterly schedule . 
 
 = = = Canadian and British editions = = = 
 
 In 1940 , as part of the War Exchange Conservation Act , Canada banned the import of pulp magazines . Popular launched a Canadian edition of Astonishing Stories in January 1942 , which lasted for three bimonthly issues and reprinted two issues of Astonishing and one issue of Super Science Stories . With the August 1942 issue the name was changed to Super Science Stories , and the numeration was begun again at volume 1 number 1 ; as a result the magazine is usually listed by bibliographers as a separate publication from the Canadian Astonishing , but in many respects it was a direct continuation . The price was 15 cents throughout ; it lasted for 21 regular bimonthly issues in a single volume ; the last issue was dated December 1945 . It was published by Popular Publications ' Toronto branch , and the editor was listed as Alden H. Norton . 
 Each issue of the Canadian edition corresponded to one issue of either Astonishing or Super Science : for example , the first two Canadian issues drew their contents from the February 1942 Super Science Stories and the June 1942 Astonishing , respectively . This pattern continued for ten issues . The next issue , dated April 1944 , contained several reprints from the US editions , but also included two original stories that had not appeared anywhere before — these had been acquired for the US magazine and remained in inventory . A total of eleven of these original stories appeared in the Canadian Super Science Stories . Later issues of the magazine also saw many reprints from Famous Fantastic Mysteries ; in tacit acknowledgement of the new source of material , the title was changed to Super Science and Fantastic Stories from the December 1944 issue . The artwork was mostly taken from Popular 's US magazines but some new art appeared , probably by Canadian artists . There was no other Canadian presence : the letters page , for example , contained letters from the US edition . 
 In 1949 , when the second run of the US Super Science Stories began , another Canadian edition appeared , but this was identical in content to the US version . Two British reprint editions of the second run also appeared , starting in October 1949 . The first was published by Thorpe & Porter ; the issues , which were not dated or numbered , appeared in October 1949 and February and June 1950 . The contents were drawn from the US issues dated January 1949 , November 1949 , and January 1950 respectively ; each was 96 pages and was priced at 1 / - . The second reprint edition was published by Pemberton 's ; these were 64 pages and again were undated and were priced at 1 / - . 
 The British issues are abridged versions of US issues from both the first and second series . The titles corresponded to the titles on the US magazine from which the stories were taken , so all were titled Super Science Stories except for the April 1953 issue , which was titled Super Science Novels Magazine . 
 
 
 = HMS Hostile ( H55 ) = 
 
 HMS Hostile ( H55 ) was an H @-@ class destroyer built for the Royal Navy in the 1930s . During the Spanish Civil War of 1936 – 1939 the ship spent considerable time in Spanish waters , enforcing the arms blockade imposed by Britain and France on both sides of the conflict . She was transferred to Freetown , Sierra Leone , in October 1939 to hunt for German commerce raiders in the South Atlantic with Force K. Hostile participated in the First Battle of Narvik in April 1940 and the Battle of Calabria in July 1940 . The ship was damaged by a mine off Cape Bon in the Strait of Sicily while on passage from Malta to Gibraltar on 23 August 1940 . She was then scuttled by HMS Hero . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 Hostile displaced 1 @,@ 350 long tons ( 1 @,@ 370 t ) at standard load and 1 @,@ 883 long tons ( 1 @,@ 913 t ) at deep load . The ship had an overall length of 323 feet ( 98 @.@ 5 m ) , a beam of 33 feet ( 10 @.@ 1 m ) , and a draught of 12 feet 5 inches ( 3 @.@ 8 m ) . She was powered by Parsons geared steam turbines , driving two shafts , which developed a total of 34 @,@ 000 shaft horsepower ( 25 @,@ 000 kW ) and gave a maximum speed of 36 knots ( 67 km / h ; 41 mph ) . Steam for the turbines was provided by three Admiralty 3 @-@ drum water @-@ tube boilers . Hostile carried a maximum of 470 long tons ( 480 t ) of fuel oil that gave her a range of 5 @,@ 530 nautical miles ( 10 @,@ 240 km ; 6 @,@ 360 mi ) at 15 knots ( 28 km / h ; 17 mph ) . The ship 's complement was 137 officers and men in peacetime . 
 The ship mounted four 45 @-@ calibre 4 @.@ 7 @-@ inch ( 120 mm ) Mark IX guns in single mounts . For anti @-@ aircraft defence Hostile had two quadruple Mark I mounts for the 0 @.@ 5 inch Vickers Mark III machine gun . She was fitted with two above @-@ water quadruple torpedo tube mounts for 21 @-@ inch ( 533 mm ) torpedoes . One depth charge rail and two throwers were fitted ; 20 depth charges were originally carried , but this increased to 35 shortly after the war began . 
 
 = = Service = = 
 
 Hostile was laid down by Scotts Shipbuilding & Engineering Company at Greenock , Scotland on 27 February 1935 , launched on 24 January 1936 , and completed on 10 September 1936 . Excluding government @-@ furnished equipment like the armament , the ship cost £ 253 @,@ 382 . She was assigned to the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla of the Mediterranean Fleet upon commissioning . Hostile patrolled Spanish waters in 1937 during the Spanish Civil War enforcing the edicts of the Non @-@ Intervention Committee . The ship received an overhaul at Gibraltar between 17 November and 15 December 1937 . She resumed patrolling Spanish waters in 1938 and 1939 . After the end of the Spanish Civil War , Hostile was refitted in Sheerness Dockyard between 31 May and 26 July 1939 . She returned to the Mediterranean and was in Malta when World War II began . 
 In October the ship was transferred to Freetown to hunt for German commerce raiders in the South Atlantic with Force K. The ship and her half @-@ sisters , Hardy , Hereward , and Hasty , rendezvoused with the battlecruiser Renown , the aircraft carrier Ark Royal , and the light cruiser Neptune on 17 December . They refuelled in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , before proceeding to the estuary of the River Plate in case the damaged German pocket battleship Admiral Graf Spee attempted to escape from Montevideo , Uruguay , where she had taken refuge after losing the Battle of the River Plate . Hostile was overhauled at Chatham Dockyard between 26 January and 29 March 1940 and then rejoined the 2nd Destroyer Flotilla , now assigned to the Home Fleet . During the First Battle of Narvik on 10 April the ship engaged the German destroyer Z17 Diether von Roeder and badly damaged her , hitting her at least five times . Hostile was only hit once , but the shell did little damage . She escorted her badly damaged sister ship , Hotspur , to the repair base set up at Flakstadøya in the Lofoten Islands . Hostile briefly escorted the battleship HMS Warspite before she returned to Rosyth for repairs between 27 April and 4 May . The ship briefly returned to Norwegian waters , where she again escorted Warspite , before being transferred to the Mediterranean Fleet in mid @-@ May . 
 On 9 July Hostile participated in the Battle of Calabria as an escort for the heavy ships of Force C and unsuccessfully engaged Italian destroyers , suffering no damage . The ship , together with her sister , Hero , and the destroyers Nubian and Mohawk , were ordered to Gibraltar on 22 August where they were to join Force H. Hostile struck a mine en route on the early morning of 23 August off Cap Bon that broke her back . The explosion killed five men and wounded three others . Mohawk took off the survivors while Hero fired two torpedoes to scuttle her . 
 
 
 = Rocky Mountain Horse = 
 
 The Rocky Mountain Horse is a horse breed developed in the state of Kentucky in the United States . Despite its name , it originated not in the Rocky Mountains , but instead in the Appalachian Mountains . A foundation stallion , brought from the western United States to eastern Kentucky around 1890 , began the Rocky Mountain type in the late 19th century . In the mid @-@ 20th century , a stallion named Old Tobe , owned by a prominent breeder , was used to develop the modern type ; today most Rocky Mountain Horses trace back to this stallion . In 1986 , the Rocky Mountain Horse Association was formed and by 2005 has registered over 12 @,@ 000 horses . The breed is known for its preferred " chocolate " coat color and flaxen mane and tail , the result of the relatively rare silver dapple gene acting on a black coat , seen in much of the population . It also exhibits a four @-@ beat ambling gait known as the " single @-@ foot " . Originally developed as a multi @-@ purpose riding , driving and light draft horse , today it is used mainly for trail riding and working cattle . 
 
 = = Breed characteristics = = 
 
 Rocky Mountain Horses stand between 14 @.@ 2 and 16 hands ( 58 and 64 inches , 147 and 163 cm ) high . Any solid color is accepted by the registry , but a dark brown color called " chocolate " with a pale , " flaxen " mane and tail is preferred . This coloration is the result of the relatively rare silver dapple gene acting on a black base coat . Although uncommon , this gene has been found in over a dozen breeds , including the Rocky Mountain Horse . Minimal white markings are accepted by the registry , although leg markings may not extend above the knee . The physical characteristics are somewhat variable , due to the disparate breeds that created the Rocky Mountain Horse . The Rocky Mountain Horse is known by enthusiasts for its hardiness and ability to withstand winters in the mountains . It is also praised for its good nature and affinity for humans . Rocky Mountain Horses have the highest risk of any breed for the genetic ocular syndrome multiple congenital ocular anomalies ( MCOA ) , originally called equine anterior segment dysgenesis ( ASD ) . MCOA is characterized by the abnormal development of some ocular tissues , which causes compromised vision , although generally of a mild form ; the disease is non @-@ progressive . Genetic studies have shown that the disorder may be tied to the silver dapple gene , as most horses diagnosed with MCOA carry the gene . 
 The breed exhibits a natural ambling gait , called the single @-@ foot , which replaces the trot seen in a majority of horse breeds . Both gaits are an intermediate speed between a walk and a canter or gallop ; ambling gaits are four @-@ beat gaits , whereas the trot is a two @-@ beat gait . The extra footfalls provide additional smoothness to a rider because the horse always has at least one foot on the ground . This minimizes movement of the horse 's topline and removes the bounce of a two @-@ beat gait , caused by a moment of suspension followed by the jolt of two feet hitting the ground as the horse shifts from one pair of legs to the other . The value of an intermediate speed is that the horse conserves energy . More than thirty horse breeds are " gaited , " able to perform a four @-@ beat ambling gait , and some can also trot . Thus , a Rocky Mountain Horse , with rider , can use the single @-@ foot to cover rough ground at around 7 miles per hour ( 11 km / h ) and short stretches of smooth ground at up to 16 miles per hour ( 26 km / h ) . The faster speed is known as the rack . In comparison , the average medium trot speed is 6 to 8 miles per hour ( 9 @.@ 7 to 12 @.@ 9 km / h ) . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Eastern Kentucky is known for its gaited breeds , created through a mixture of Spanish horses from the southern United States and English horses from the North . American Saddlebreds , Tennessee Walking Horses and Missouri Fox Trotters also originated in the same general geographic area , from the same mixing of Spanish and English blood . Rocky Mountain Horses have a similar history to the Kentucky Mountain Saddle Horse , and together are sometimes called " Mountain Pleasure Horses " . The Rocky Mountain Horse originated in eastern Kentucky from a foundation stallion brought to the Appalachian Mountains from the Rocky Mountains around 1890 . Brought to the area as a colt , oral histories state that the " Rocky Mountain Horse " , as he was known , possessed the preferred chocolate color and flaxen mane and tail found in the breed today , as well as the single @-@ foot gait . He was used to breed local saddle mares , and due to the small area in which he was bred , a local strain of horse originated . 
 This foundation stallion produced a descendent , named Old Tobe , who became the more modern father of the Rocky Mountain Horse breed . Old Tobe was owned by a resident of Spout Springs , Kentucky named Sam Tuttle . For most of the 20th century , Tuttle was a prominent breeder of Rocky Mountain Horses , and helped to keep the strain alive during the Great Depression and World War II . After World War II , despite declining horse populations in the US , Tuttle kept his herd , and continued to use Old Tobe as a breeding stallion . Tuttle held the Natural Bridge State Park concession for horseback riding , and used Old Tobe for trail rides in the park and for siring additional trail horses , the latter until the stallion was 34 years old . Old Tobe died at the age of 37 . The presence of the single @-@ foot gait makes it possible that the breed is in part descended from the Narragansett Pacer , a breed known for passing its gaited ability on to other American breeds . 
 In 1986 , the Rocky Mountain Horse Association was created to increase population numbers and promote the breed ; there were only 26 horses in the first batch of registrations . Since then , the association has , over the life of the registry , registered over 25000 horses as of 2015 , and the breed has spread to 47 states and 11 countries . In order to be accepted by the registry , a foal 's parentage must be verified via DNA testing . Horses must also , after reaching 23 months of age , be inspected to ensure that they meet the physical characteristic and gait requirements of the registry . The Rocky Mountain Horse is listed at " Watch " status by the American Livestock Breeds Conservancy , meaning that the estimated global population of the breed is fewer than 15 @,@ 000 , with fewer than 800 registrations annually in the US . 
 The breed was originally developed for general use on the farms of the Appalachian foothills , where it was found pulling plows and buggies , working cattle and being ridden by both adults and children . Today , it is still used for working cattle , as well as endurance riding and pleasure riding . The breed 's gait and disposition make it sought out by elderly and disabled riders . Each September , the Kentucky Horse Park hosts the International Rocky Mountain Horse Show . 
 
 
 = Somerset County Cricket Club in 2009 = 
 
 Somerset County Cricket Club competed in four domestic competitions during the 2009 English cricket season : the first division of the County Championship , the Friends Provident Trophy , the first division of the NatWest Pro40 League and the Twenty20 Cup . Through their performance in the Twenty20 Cup , the team qualified for the Champions League Twenty20 . They enjoyed a successful season , but fell short of winning any competitions , prompting Director of Cricket Brian Rose to say " We 've had enough of being cricket 's nearly men . " 
 Consistent performances in the County Championship helped Somerset remain challengers for the competition until the last few weeks of the season , but the batting @-@ friendly pitch at their home ground , the County Ground , Taunton , meant that the county finished with too many draws to claim their first Championship title . Consistency was also key for Somerset 's success in one @-@ day cricket , where they remained unbeaten in the group stage of the Friends Provident Trophy , but were eliminated in the first knock @-@ out round , and finished runners @-@ up by one point in the NatWest Pro40 . In the Twenty20 Cup , Somerset finished as losing finalists . This meant that they qualified for the Champions League Twenty20 , where they progressed into the second group stage of the competition . They failed to win any matches in that phase of the competition , resulting in their elimination . 
 Somerset were captained for the third successive season by their Australian overseas player , Justin Langer , who announced during the season that it would be his last with Somerset . Marcus Trescothick topped the national batting tables , scoring almost 3 @,@ 000 runs in all competitions in 2009 ; as a result , he was named as both Professional Cricketers ' Association ( PCA ) Player of the Year and the PCA 's Most Valuable Player of the Year . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 After promotion from the second division of the County Championship in 2007 , Somerset were among the first division title contenders in the 2008 . A loss to Lancashire in the final match of the season meant they finished in fourth place . David Foot , writing in Wisden , claimed that too many of the Somerset batsmen had " lost their way " in one @-@ day cricket , as they narrowly avoided relegation in the NatWest Pro40 , and were eliminated in the Friends Provident Trophy . 
 Somerset promoted four players from their academy for the 2009 season , giving contracts to Jos Buttler , Adam Dibble , Chris Jones and James Burke . Of these , only Buttler appeared in the first @-@ team during the season . They also signed David Stiff , a fast bowler capped at Under @-@ 19 level for England , on a two @-@ month contract at the beginning of the season , which was later extended to the end of the season . Ian Blackwell , captain of the side in 2005 and 2006 , left for Durham after coach Andy Hurry and captain Justin Langer made it clear that they regarded fitness as a priority . John Francis and Keith Parsons both retired at the end of 2008 , Francis cited lack of first @-@ team opportunities for his departure , while at the age of 35 , Parsons declared that : " There comes a time when your body tells you it 's time to pack in professional sport . " 
 In his preview of the 2009 season for ESPNcricinfo , Andrew McGlashan identified Somerset 's opening partnerships with bat and ball as their main strengths , but predicted that the middle order would struggle to make an impact in the County Championship , stating that " none [ of the middle order ] jump out as potential match @-@ winners in four @-@ day cricket . " He speculated that the team 's best chance of success would come in the one @-@ day competitions . The Daily Telegraph provided a more positive outlook , claiming that the county had " enough depth in batting and seam bowling to challenge [ for the County Championship ] again . " They identified spin bowling as an area of weakness following the departure of Blackwell . Bob Willis , writing in The Guardian , shared this view , and predicted that Somerset would also be hindered by the difficulty of getting 20 wickets at home , resulting in too many draws . 
 
 = = Squad = = 
 
 The following players made at least one appearance for Somerset in first @-@ class , List A or Twenty20 cricket in 2009 . Age given is at the start of Somerset 's first match of the season ( 15 April 2009 ) . 
 
 = = County Championship = = 
 
 Although Marcus Trescothick had a season which David Foot described as " imperiously assured " , Somerset failed to win enough matches to pose a real challenge in the 2009 County Championship . The flat pitch at the County Ground , Taunton did not help their efforts ; the imbalance in favour of the batsmen meant that all but one match at the ground was drawn . Sussex 's total of 742 / 5 declared was the fifteenth highest total in the history of the County Championship , while Murray Goodwin 's innings of 344 not out in that match was the sixth highest score by a batsman in the history of the competition . In total , six of Somerset 's eight home matches contained scores of 500 or over in a single innings . In contrast , 500 was reached in only one of their away matches , by Hampshire at The Rose Bowl . The home conditions helped three of Somerset 's batsmen pass 1 @,@ 000 first @-@ class runs in the season , including Craig Kieswetter and Arul Suppiah , who were both awarded their county caps after passing the landmark . Trescothick 's 1 @,@ 817 runs were the most by any batsman in the 2009 competition , finishing over 200 runs ahead of the next most prolific batsman , and he was named as both PCA Player of the Year and the PCA 's Most Valuable Player of the Year for 2009 . He was also selected as part of the team of the year , along with wicket @-@ keeper Kieswetter . 
 In contrast to the strong batting line @-@ up , Foot suggested that Somerset " lacked a seam bowler to compensate for Andrew Caddick 's withdrawal " . Caddick — who made his first @-@ class debut for Somerset in 1991 — only played five matches in 2009 , and announced his intention to retire at the end of the season . He took ten wickets in 2009 , and finished his career as Somerset 's sixth highest wicket @-@ taker of all @-@ time . This placed the majority of the wicket @-@ taking burden upon Charl Willoughby , the South African fast @-@ medium pace bowler . He responded well , and took 54 wickets in the County Championship , more than any other bowler in the first division . He was aided by seam bowlers David Stiff , who returned to the first @-@ class game for the first time since 2006 , and Alfonso Thomas . Stiff took 31 wickets , more than quadrupling his career first @-@ class wicket total , and Thomas took 35 , his highest return in an English domestic season . Somerset lacked an effective spin bowler in 2009 following the departure of Ian Blackwell the previous season , and the spinners combined only claimed 31 wickets , bowling less balls between them than Willoughby alone . 
 Somerset began their season by playing out a high @-@ scoring draw at home against Warwickshire , in which both teams reached 500 in their first innings . James Hildreth scored a triple @-@ century , reaching the milestone earlier in an English season than any player previously , and became the first English player to pass 300 runs in an innings for Somerset since Harold Gimblett in 1948 . In contrast , Somerset had to battle back for a draw in their second match . After Durham scored 543 in their first innings , Somerset collapsed to 69 all out in reply ; only Langer passed 20 runs , while six of his batting colleagues made ducks . After being forced to follow @-@ on , Trescothick , Langer and Kieswetter all scored centuries to secure a draw . Somerset 's third match resulted in their only loss of the County Championship season , coming against Nottinghamshire at Trent Bridge ; and at the end of May , they were second bottom in the first division . Their next match finished in a draw against Lancashire , a result which was always likely after the first day was lost to rain . Somerset next picked up victories against Yorkshire and Sussex before scoring the second @-@ highest ever fourth innings winning total in the County Championship to beat Yorkshire at Taunton . These three wins propelled Somerset to third in the competition at the start of July , and they did not drop below this position for the remainder of the season . 
 In each of their following two matches , at home against Hampshire and away to Worcestershire , Somerset batted first and then enforced the follow @-@ on after bowling their opponents out cheaply . In each their opponents managed to avoid defeat , and both matches resulted in draws . During the Worcestershire match , Langer 's first innings 107 took him past Sir Donald Bradman 's total of 28 @,@ 067 first @-@ class runs to become the highest @-@ scoring Australian batsman . Successive draws against Nottinghamshire , Warwickshire , Sussex and Hampshire meant that Somerset travelled to Durham requiring a victory to maintain any realistic hopes of claiming the County Championship title . No play was possible on the third and fourth days , and the match resulted in another draw , leaving Somerset with only a slim mathematical chance of the title . Another draw , against Lancashire , while Durham beat Nottinghamshire , meant that Durham clinched the title . Somerset drew with Worcestershire ( their ninth draw in a row in the competition ) , and finished third in the first division . 
 
 = = = Season standings = = = 
 
 Key : Pld 
 = Played , W = 
 Wins , L 
 = Losses , D = 
 Draws , T 
 = Ties , A = 
 Abandonments , Bat 
 = Batting points , Bwl = 
 Bowling points , Adj 
 = Adjustments / Penalties , Pts = 
 Points . 
 Adjustments : 
 Hampshire deducted 3 points for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Worcestershire . 
 Durham deducted 1 point for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Sussex . 
 Somerset deducted 1 point for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Durham . 
 Sussex deducted 1 point for a slow over @-@ rate in their match against Worcestershire.Notes : 
 Team marked ( C ) won the County Championship . 
 Teams marked ( R ) were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship . 
 
 = = = Match log and statistics = = = 
 
 
 = = Friends Provident Trophy = = 
 
 In the 2009 Friends Provident Trophy , the first one @-@ day competition in the English domestic calendar , Somerset showed a marked improvement from the previous season . They were described by Steve James , writing in Wisden , as " the most impressive qualifiers " from the group stage , and both Trescothick and Kieswetter were praised for their batting form . They were the only side in the competition to remain unbeaten in the group stages , finishing with seven victories and one no result . In the quarter @-@ final , against Group C runners @-@ up Sussex , Somerset won the toss and opted to bat at Taunton . They struggled initially , losing the early wickets of Trescothick , James Hildreth and Ben Phillips for just 39 runs . A fourth @-@ wicket partnership of 167 , dominated by powerful hitting from Kieswetter in which he scored a " superb century " according to ESPNcricinfo 's Andrew McGlashan , helped Somerset to recover to make 285 / 8 , but Sussex chased the total down in the final over to eliminate the home side . 
 During the group stages of their campaign , Somerset achieved a number of large victories . They won by eight wickets against Warwickshire and Middlesex , and by more than a hundred runs against Kent and Scotland . Their match against Middlesex at Lord 's was marred by some controversy , after Somerset were allowed too many powerplay overs in the rain @-@ affected fixture . Somerset were set a reduced target of 290 off 41 overs , of which 19 were allocated by the umpires as being powerplay overs , three more than there should have been . The England and Wales Cricket Board ( ECB ) rejected Middlesex 's request to replay the match , stating that they were upholding " the precedent that umpire errors cannot form the basis to declare a match null and void " . 
 The two matches played against Middlesex were in stark contrast ; in the match played at the Recreation Ground , Bath , Somerset bowled the London side out for 65 , the joint second @-@ lowest total made against Somerset in a List A match , while the 341 / 7 which Middlesex made at Lord 's was the fourth @-@ highest total scored against Somerset in the format . Somerset themselves scored their second @-@ highest List A total , amassing 403 / 3 against Scotland , a game in which Hildreth scored 151 , his highest List A score , and Somerset 's highest score by a batsman at number three in List A cricket . 
 Zander de Bruyn finished the competition with the highest batting average amongst batsmen who played five or more innings . Four Somerset batsmen scored over 300 runs in the tournament ( Trescothick , 476 ; Kieswetter , 395 ; de Bruyn , 388 ; Hildreth , 313 ) , more than any other county except eventual winners Hampshire . Amongst the bowlers , Alfonso Thomas finished as the tournament 's joint leading wicket @-@ taker , claiming 20 wickets to finish level with Chris Schofield and Dominic Cork . Peter Trego 's 18 wickets were the next most in the competition . 
 
 = = = Season standings = = = 
 
 Key : Pld 
 = Played , W = 
 Wins , T 
 = Ties , L = 
 Losses , NR 
 = No result , Pts = 
 Points , NRR = Net run rate . 
 Notes : 
 Teams marked * progressed to the next stage of the competition . 
 Teams marked † were eliminated from the competition . 
 
 = = = Match logs and statistics = = = 
 
 
 = = Twenty20 Cup = = 
 
 Somerset finished as runners @-@ up to Sussex in the 2009 Twenty20 Cup , having reached Finals Day in what captain Justin Langer described as " bizarre " fashion . Somerset qualified for the knock @-@ out stages of the competition as the best third @-@ placed team during the group stage , then beat Lancashire in a bowl @-@ out to qualify for the semi @-@ finals . After overcoming Kent in the semi @-@ final , Somerset were comprehensively beaten by Sussex in the final . 
 After the Indian Premier League 's second season demonstrated the importance of spin bowling in Twenty20 cricket , and due to Somerset 's lack of a front @-@ line spin bowler , Somerset picked young leg spinner Max Waller to make his Twenty20 debut in their opening match of the campaign . He claimed three wickets in two overs to help Somerset win by one run , and finished the competition as Somerset 's joint second @-@ highest wicket @-@ taker with 10 wickets . Despite a number of good performances by Somerset 's bowlers , a batsman was named man of the match in each of the team 's victories : James Hildreth , Craig Kieswetter and Marcus Trescothick were all awarded the accolade once , while Zander de Bruyn picked up the award on three occasions . Somerset completed the group stage with six wins , three losses and one no result , placing them third in the Midlands / Wales / West Division . They qualified for the knockout @-@ stage as they were the best third @-@ placed team in the three groups . 
 Somerset 's quarter @-@ final , against Lancashire , was scheduled for Tuesday 28 July 2009 . Bad weather meant that no play was possible on either the Tuesday or Wednesday , as a result of which the teams requested special dispensation from the ECB for an additional reserve day on the Thursday , which was granted . The wet weather continued , forcing the teams to play a bowl @-@ out . Each team had to select five bowlers , each of whom had two deliveries at a set of unguarded stumps . Somerset won the bowl @-@ out 5 – 1 , with Ben Phillips , Peter Trego and Willoughby each hitting the stumps once , and Thomas hitting them twice . 
 In the second semi @-@ final of 2009 Finals Day , Somerset won the toss and elected to field against Kent . Economical bowling from Thomas and Willoughby , as well as the early wickets of Joe Denly and Martin van Jaarsveld , helped to limit Kent to 145 / 5 . On a slow pitch , Trescothick played what ESPNcricinfo 's Andrew McGlashan described as a " brutal innings " , scoring 56 runs off 32 balls . He shared an opening partnership of 73 with captain Langer , and by the time of Trescothick 's dismissal after 8 @.@ 1 overs , Somerset required 62 runs off 71 balls . Hildreth and de Bruyn took 10 overs to add another 57 runs , and after Hildreth was bowled for 36 , Kieswetter added two runs to grant Somerset victory with seven balls remaining . Against Sussex in the final , Somerset once again won the toss and elected to field . A strong batting display by Sussex , highlighted by Dwayne Smith 's 59 runs off 26 balls , set Somerset a target of 173 to win . In the opening overs of Somerset 's reply , Trescothick scored powerfully , making the chase " look simple " according to McGlashan . However , after he was caught on 33 , Somerset lost regular wickets . A partnership of 41 between de Bruyn and Trego steadied Somerset for a time , but when the pair were dismissed in subsequent overs , their team collapsed from 104 / 4 to 109 all out . 
 At the start of the competition , Somerset played with aggressive batting tactics , opening the innings with Kieswetter and Trescothick for the first six matches . This opening pair only passed 20 runs together on one occasion , against Glamorgan , and for the rest of the tournament , Kieswetter dropped down the batting order and Langer joined Trescothick at the top of the innings , in a move that Kieswetter said " adds a bit of balance to the side by putting a bit more firepower down the end and experience up top " . The more experienced pair passed 40 runs together on four out of five occasions . The county 's bowling relied heavily on medium pace , a fact which cricket writer Scyld Berry suggested was exposed in the final . 
 
 = = = Season standings = = = 
 
 Key : Pld 
 = Played , W = 
 Wins , L 
 = Losses , T = 
 Ties , NR 
 = No result , Pts = 
 Points , NRR = Net run rate . 
 Notes : 
 Teams marked * progressed to the next stage of the competition . 
 Teams marked † were eliminated from the competition . 
 
 = = = Match logs and statistics = = = 
 
 
 = = NatWest Pro40 = = 
 
 Somerset 's first match of the 2009 NatWest Pro40 , against Nottinghamshire , ended just one over short of the requirement for a match . Chasing 248 to win , Somerset were significantly behind the required rate when rain halted play in the ninth over . The side responded positively to this stroke of luck , winning their next three matches by significant margins , before losing to Essex . Having been put in to bat at Taunton , each of Somerset 's top six batsman reached double figures , but none of them managed to pass 50 and the home side were eventually all out for 205 . Despite taking early wickets during Essex 's innings — at one stage having the visitors 12 / 3 — the batting of John Maunders , James Foster and Tim Phillips propelled Essex past Somerset 's total with five balls remaining . Two further victories ensured that Somerset entered their final match of the season with a chance to win the title . 
 Somerset had performed well but missed out narrowly in both the other one @-@ day competitions in 2009 , and could have clinched the competition with victory in their final match . News filtered through to the County Ground during their final match , against Durham , that leaders Sussex had lost to Worcestershire , meaning that a win against the north @-@ eastern team would guarantee Somerset the title . The result rarely looked likely ; a rapid opening to the chase by Durham openers Phil Mustard and Ian Blackwell provided a platform for their team to claim victory , and deny Somerset the title . Three of Somerset 's bowlers claimed ten or more wickets in the competition ( Ben Phillips , 14 ; Alfonso Thomas , 13 ; Charl Willoughby , 11 ) , more than any other county in Division One . 
 
 = = = Season standings = = = 
 
 Key : Pld 
 = Played , W = 
 Wins , T 
 = Ties , L = 
 Losses , NR 
 = No result , Pts = 
 Points , NRR = Net run rate . 
 Notes : 
 Team marked ( C ) won the NatWest Pro40 . 
 
 = = = Match logs and statistics = = = 
 
 
 = = Champions League Twenty20 = = 
 
 By finishing as runners @-@ up in the Twenty20 Cup , Somerset qualified to compete in the 2009 Champions League Twenty20 , the first global club cricket tournament . Media attention surrounded Trescothick , who had returned home early from his last overseas tour in 2006 – 07 with a " stress @-@ related illness " . Brian Rose stressed that there was no pressure on Trescothick to take part in the tournament , and that the county would do everything possible to support him . The former England batsman did take part in the tournament , arriving three days after the rest of the squad . He played in both of Somerset 's matches in the group stage of the competition , though he only managed to score 17 runs between his two innings . 
 Somerset won their first match , in which Alfonso Thomas scored two boundaries off the last three balls of the match to secure victory . Their opponents , Deccan Chargers scored 153 off their 20 overs , and with three wickets remaining , Somerset required 55 runs off 37 balls to win . A record eighth @-@ wicket partnership between James Hildreth and Thomas of 50 brought the victory within reach , and Thomas ' highest @-@ score in Twenty20 cricket granted Somerset the win . Somerset lost their second match , being bowled out for their second @-@ lowest Twenty20 total , 106 by Trinidad and Tobago . 
 Somerset progressed to the second round of the competition after Trinidad and Tobago beat Deccan in the final group match , but lost Trescothick , who flew home after a recurrence of his illness . Wes Durston , who replaced Trescothick in the side , top @-@ scored for Somerset in their next match , making 57 . Only two other players reached double @-@ figures for the county , and the Diamond Eagles chased down the total with eight balls to spare . Somerset went into their final match , against the New South Wales Blues with a slim mathematical chance of progressing , but a strong bowling display from Brett Lee and Stuart Clark restricted Somerset to 111 , which the Australian side reached with ease . 
 
 = = = Season standings = = = 
 
 Key : Pld 
 = Played , W = 
 Wins , L 
 = Losses , T = 
 Ties , NR 
 = No result , Pts = 
 Points , NRR = Net run rate . 
 
 = = = Match logs and statistics = = = 
 
 
 = = Reaction = = 
 
 After the conclusion of the Champions League tournament , Justin Langer retired from professional cricket . Trescothick replaced him as Somerset captain for the 2010 season . Somerset also lost Andrew Caddick , who at the age of 40 said that he opted to retire " while I was still physically and mentally strong " . Wicket @-@ keeper Carl Gazzard also announced his retirement at the end of the season aged 27 , having lost his place in the Somerset side to Craig Kieswetter . Additionally , Somerset released Wes Durston and Omari Banks , both of whom they felt were surplus to requirements . Somerset addressed the weakness of their spin bowling by signing Murali Kartik as their overseas player for 2010 . 
 Kieswetter 's performances in the 2009 season led to his inclusion in the England Performance Programme squad in November and December of that year , and he was part of the England Lions squad which toured the United Arab Emirates in early 2010 , along with Somerset team @-@ mate Peter Trego . His full England debut came shortly after in Bangladesh . Additionally , two of Somerset 's young players , Jos Buttler and Calum Haggett played for England Under @-@ 19s during the English winter . 
 Financially , Somerset broke even in 2009 , generating a gross turnover of £ 4 @.@ 5 million . The club achieved this despite carrying out significant building work on the County Ground during the period : the " Somerset Stand " , a 3 @,@ 000 @-@ seat grandstand opened in April , while the " Andy Caddick Pavilion " was completed just over a month later , providing new dressing rooms and club offices . Andy Nash , the Somerset chairman , highlighted the catering department and match @-@ day income as being particularly successful in 2009 , with both areas exceeding £ 1 million in revenue during the year . 
 
 
 = Texas A & M Singing Cadets = 
 
 The Texas A & M Singing Cadets are a male choral group at Texas A & M University . Nicknamed " The Voice of Aggieland " , the Singing Cadets have been touring for 109 seasons , with their roots in a glee club founded on the A & M campus in 1893 . The Singing Cadets are one of the oldest collegiate singing organizations in the world . They have toured both in America and abroad and have earned recognition by doing so , including invitations to sing for American presidents . Contrary to their name , the Singing Cadets are not all members of the Corps of Cadets and have not been since 1965 , when the university as a whole ceased mandating Corps membership . Between 1996 and 2006 , the Singing Cadets traveled over 35 @,@ 000 miles and performed more than 450 concerts worldwide . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The first record of a singing organization at Texas A & M ( then known as the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas ) was in 1893 . The nine member glee club was composed of both students and faculty . The group grew to around twenty members through the turn of the century . Their first recorded field trip in 1905 , was to Houston , Texas , where they participated in a four hundred member chorus . Other tours in this period included a trip to Fort Worth in 1907 , where they met noted violinist Fritz Kreisler . One year later , the director of the group , Professor T.P. Junkin , left the A & M Glee Club . 
 The next paradigm shift came in 1910 when it was reorganized by F.D. Steger , and subsequently performed for a number of audiences throughout Texas . After several restructuring efforts and directors , the organization laid down an official constitution during the 1937 @-@ 1938 school year . The Cadets entered the national spotlight when they performed at the 1939 Sugar Bowl game . After A & M professor J. J. Woolket became director in 1940 , the chorus was renamed the " Singing Cadets " following a naming contest . The Singing Cadets first full @-@ time director , Richard Jenkins , raised the organization 's profile though a series of tours throughout the American South . Under his aegis in 1942 , the group provided choral music for the propaganda film We 've Never Been Licked . 
 The Singing Cadets next long term director , William Turner , held the post for fifteen years . By the early 1950s membership had stabilized at around sixty members . They performed primarily in Texas , and made a trip to Mexico in 1952 . The group garnered prestige and attention by singing in front of the Texas Legislature several times . 
 In 1960 , the Singing Cadets next director , Robert L. Boone , expanded the group 's national recognition . The group performed its first telecast in 1963 during the nationally televised Miss Teenage America pageant . For the next 8 years , the group served as contestant escorts , performers , and background for the show . They met Sergio Franchi during the December 10 , 1970 pageant . Subsequently , the group appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show with Sergio Franchi singing " No Man is An Island " on January 24 , 1971 . However , they did not get to appear on a second solo performance because an earlier show ran over the allotted time . They did , however , release a 45 rpm single " No Man Is An Island " accompanying Franchi in the same year . Later that year , the Singing Cadets were invited to the White House by Senator John Tower to sing for numerous dignitaries , including President Richard Nixon . 
 The Singing Cadets took their first trip overseas in 1974 to Romania as part of a goodwill tour sponsored by the State Department , performing several shows over a 3 week period . The Cadets accompanied the Aggie Band onto Kyle Field during the halftime of football games during special occasions of the university , such as the centennial celebration of Texas A & M University ( 1976 ) , and in 1980 to dedicate the expansion of the football stadium . 
 Under Boone 's direction , the Singing Cadets won several international singing competitions . They won the silver medal in an International Choral Festival in Hawaii in 1979 . In 1983 they received the silver medal in Mexico . In 1993 , they returned to Hawaii , taking the gold medal . Other major tours during the 1980s included several occasions marking the Texas sesquicentennial anniversary in 1986 , and European tours in 1987 and 1989 . In 2004 , the Singing Cadets journeyed to Australia , and sang the Australian national anthem ( Advance Australia Fair ) on the first concert of that tour . In May 2006 the Cadets performed at the White House at the invitation of President George W. Bush for an event to honor America 's returning athletes from the 2006 Winter Olympics . Also in 2006 , the cadets performed at the Miss Texas Pageant . In its 2006 @-@ 2007 season , the Cadets performed over sixty concerts in the United States , plus a tour to South America during the summer , where they traveled to Argentina , Uruguay and Brazil . The Singing Cadets toured South Africa in 2010 and will be touring China in May 2013 . 
 
 = = Music = = 
 
 The Singing Cadets have sung a wide variety of music in their history . Their repertoire has included Christian hymns and gospel music , as well as Texas A & M school songs such as the Aggie War Hymn . Musical selections varied through the decades , although Southern songs and songs from the 1940s , 1950s , and 1960s remain perennial favorites . 
 Currently , eight recordings produced by the Singing Cadets are available for purchase . In chronological order , the titles are : God Bless the USA , Live from South America , Tradition ; Duty , Honor , Country : A Tribute to President Bush , Remembrance , Centennial , Let Freedom Ring , and Kennedy Center . 
 
 = = Organization = = 
 
 Members of the Corps of Cadets make up a small minority of the Singing Cadets ; the group dropped Corps Membership as a requirement in 1963 . The Singing Cadets holds auditions twice each school year , with membership open to any male Texas A & M student . The choir is one of three within Texas A & M. The others are the all @-@ female Women 's Chorus , and co @-@ ed choir the Century Singers . All three practice in the Memorial Student Center ( MSC ) . 
 The group is typically backed by a pianist and conducted by a director , and regularly are accompanied by instruments , including electric guitar , drums and bass guitar . The Singing Cadets use costumes and pantomime to accompany their music , incorporating a number of forms of entertainment into their concerts . A barbershop quartet side group called The Aggienizors performs at some shows , as entertainment between the main musical numbers . 
 Presently , the Singing Cadets perform primarily in state , along with a sprinkling of national and international tours . The Cadets perform 70 @-@ 80 concerts a year . 
 
 = = Directors = = 
 
 Professor A. M. Soule 
 Professor Tyrrel 
 Professor T. P. Junkin 
 F. D. Steger 
 D. Ford 
 K. H. Beach 
 E. W. Glenn 
 Professor J. J. Woolket 
 Richard W. Jenkins 
 Ewell Porter 
 William M. Turner 
 Robert L. Boone 
 David Kipp 
 
 
 = Ontario Highway 36 = 
 
 King 's Highway 36 , commonly referred to as Highway 36 , was a provincially maintained highway in the Canadian province of Ontario . The highway connected Highway 7 and Highway 35 in Lindsay with Highway 28 in Burleigh Falls , providing access to recreational cottages along the northern shore of several of the Kawartha lakes as well as to multiple communities , including Bobcaygeon . Today it is known as Kawartha Lakes City Road 36 and Peterborough County Road 36 . 
 The route was first assumed in 1931 as a depression relief project and extended in 1937 . It remained generally unchanged for the next 60 years before being decommissioned in 1998 . However , a realignment near Lindsay in the late 1950s changed the southern terminus of the route from the centre of the town to southeast of it ; the original route through Lindsay became Highway 36B and is now known as Kawartha Lakes Road 17 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 The route and surroundings of former Highway 36 have largely remained unaltered since the highway was decommissioned in 1998 . Within the City of Kawartha Lakes , the road is now known as Kawartha Lakes Road 36 , while within the County of Peterborough , it is known as Peterborough County Road 36 . 
 The route begins east of Lindsay at an intersection with Highway 7 and progresses north , crossing a former railway ( now the Kawartha Rail Trail ) before intersecting Kawartha Lakes Road 17 . The western leg of Road 17 , which travels to downtown Lindsay , was the original route of Highway 36 and later became Highway 36B . Continuing north , Highway 36 jogs north and east , serving cottages and communities lining the southern shore of Sturgeon Lake , but remains inland by over a kilometre ( 0 @.@ 6 mi ) itself . At Dunsford , which is bypassed , the highway intersects Kawartha Lakes Roads 7 and 24 — the former travels south to Omemee and the latter provides an alternative route to Bobcaygeon . Former Highway 36 continues , alternating directions between east and north twice before entering the village of Bobcaygeon . 
 Within Bobcaygeon , Highway 36 crosses the Trent – Severn Waterway and intersects the eastern end of Kawartha Lakes Road 8 . At this point it is following the southernmost section of the Bobcaygeon Colonization Road . At the intersection with Main Street in the northern end of the village , the route turns northeast while former Highway 649 continues north . 
 Exiting Bobcaygeon , the former highway serves cottages along the northern shore of Pigeon Lake and Little Bald Lake . After passing Nogies Creek , the highway descends a hill and encounters the Canadian Shield for the first time . The road runs along the border of the Precambrian shield and the Ordovician limestone plateau en route to Burleigh Falls . The shield lies to the north and is overlain by the plateau to the south . The highway turns south at Flynns Corner , intersecting former Highway 507 . It enters the town of Buckhorn from the north , then drivers must turn to remain on the route , which exits the town to the east . Between Buckhorn and Burleigh Falls , the highway serves the cottages that line the northern shore of Lower Buckhorn Lake . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Highway 36 was first assumed by the Department of Highways ( DHO ) on July 1 , 1931 , and was one of several highways completed as part of a depression – relief program . The highway initially connected downtown Lindsay with Bobcaygeon . This section was fully paved by the end of 1937 . On August 11 , 1937 , the DHO extended the highway east to Highway 28 at Burleigh Falls . 
 Highway 36 remained essentially unchanged between 1937 and 1997 , with the exception of a being rerouted east of Lindsay in 1958 . However , on January 1 , 1998 , the entirety of Highway 36 was downloaded to Victoria County and Peterborough County , both of which redesignated it as County Road 36 . Victoria County became the City of Kawartha Lakes in 2001 , and that section of the route is now known as City Road 36 . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The following table lists the major junctions along Highway 36 , as noted by the Ministry of Transportation of Ontario . In addition , it includes some minor junctions . 
 
 
 = Arizona State Route 67 = 
 
 State Route 67 ( SR 67 ) is a 43 @.@ 4 mi ( 69 @.@ 8 km ) long , north – south state highway in northern Arizona . Also called the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway , SR 67 is the sole road that links U.S. Route 89A ( US 89A ) at Jacob Lake to the North Rim of Grand Canyon National Park . Along the route , the road heads through the national park as well as Kaibab National Forest and is surrounded by evergreen trees . The section inside the national park is maintained by the National Park Service ( NPS ) , whereas the section north of the entrance , completely within Kaibab National Forest , is owned by the Arizona Department of Transportation ( ADOT ) . The road was built in the late 1920s and improved through the 1930s . In 1941 , the road received its number , and was given its designation as the parkway in the 1980s . The parkway has received designations as a National Forest Scenic Byway as well as a National Scenic Byway . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 Signage for SR 67 begins at Bright Angel Point along the North Rim of the Grand Canyon National Park . ADOT does not officially own this section of road , but it is signed as SR 67 . The road heads north as the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway through the small town of North Rim , surrounded by evergreen trees . The parkway enters a small clearing before meeting the park entrance , where ownership by ADOT begins . Heading into Kaibab National Forest on a northward path , the roadway is surrounded by a narrow meadow bordered by evergreen trees . As it passes the nearby Deer Lake , SR 67 meets an unpaved National Forest road . The landscape around the route is crisscrossed by these routes as SR 67 makes several turns , turning back toward the north . The highway , with the new name of Grand Canyon Highway in addition to its other designation , makes several turns as it heads north through the woods . It takes a more northwesterly path as it runs through Coconino County . Near its terminus , the road turns back northeast toward its terminus at US 89A in Jacob Lake . 
 The northern segment of the highway is maintained by ADOT , who is responsible for maintaining SR 67 like all other highways around the state . As part of this job , ADOT periodically surveys traffic along its routes . These surveys are most often presented in the form of average annual daily traffic , which is the number of vehicles who use the route on any average day during the year . In 2009 , ADOT calculated that around 1 @,@ 100 vehicles used the route daily at its northern terminus in Jacob Lake . The Federal Highway Administration ( FHWA ) lists the highway as a National Scenic Byway , and the National Forest Service has also designated it a National Forest Service Byway . No part of the highway has been listed in the National Highway System , a system of roads in the United States important to the nation 's economy , defense , and mobility . Due to the closure of park facilities on the north rim of the Grand Canyon during winter , winter maintenance is not undertaken after December 1st , with the result that SR 67 is usually closed to vehicular traffic from December 1st until spring . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 SR 67 existed as a route to reach the north rim of the Grand Canyon National Park as early as 1927 as a dirt road . By 1935 , the road had been improved to a gravel road , and by 1938 it had been paved . In 1941 , the road was designated as a state highway and signed as SR 67 . In 1985 , the highway received the designation of Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway as an Arizona State Scenic Byway . The designation included SR 67 in its entirety as well as extending south into Grand Canyon National Park . Two years later , ADOT obtained the right @-@ of @-@ way for improvement of the highway from its northern terminus approximately 10 miles ( 16 km ) south . In 1989 , an additional right @-@ of @-@ way was acquired by ADOT from its southern terminus approximately 5 miles ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) north . By June of that year , the parkway received the designation of a National Forest Scenic Byway , and in June 1998 , the Kaibab Plateau – North Rim Parkway received another designation , this time as a National Scenic Byway . Since establishment , the route has not been realigned and retains its original routing . 
 
 = = Junction list = = 
 
 The entire route is in Coconino County . 
 
 
 = Josce de Dinan = 
 
 Josce de Dinan ( sometimes Joce de Dinan , Josselin de Dinan , Joce de Dynan ; Jocelin de Dinan , Joyce de Dinan , or Joceas de Dinan ; died 1166 ) was an Anglo @-@ Norman nobleman who lived during and after the civil war between King Stephen of England and his cousin Matilda over the throne of England . He was a landholder in the Welsh Marches when he was married by Stephen to the widow of Pain fitzJohn , a union that gave Josce control of Ludlow Castle . Control of the castle was contested by other noblemen , and the resulting warfare between the nobles forms the background to a late medieval romance known as Fouke le Fitz Waryn , which is mainly concerned with the actions of Josce 's grandson , but also includes some material on Josce 's lifetime . Josce eventually lost control of Ludlow and was granted lands in compensation by Matilda and her son , King Henry II of England , who succeeded Stephen in 1154 . 
 
 = = Background and early life = = 
 
 Following King Henry I 's death in 1135 , the succession was disputed between the king 's nephews — Stephen and his elder brother , Theobald II , Count of Champagne — and Henry 's surviving legitimate child Matilda , usually known as the Empress Matilda because of her first marriage to the Holy Roman Emperor , Henry V. King Henry 's only legitimate son , William , had died in 1120 . After Matilda was widowed in 1125 , she returned to her father , who married her to Geoffrey , Count of Anjou . All the magnates of England and Normandy were required to declare fealty to Matilda as Henry 's heir , but after the king 's death in 1135 Stephen rushed to England and had himself crowned before either Theobald or Matilda could react . The Norman barons accepted Stephen as Duke of Normandy , and Theobald contented himself with his possessions in France . But Matilda was less sanguine , and secured the support of her maternal uncle , the Scottish king David I , and in 1138 also that of her half @-@ brother Robert , Earl of Gloucester , an illegitimate son of Henry I. Nobles in the Welsh Marches revolted against Stephen in 1136 , but the revolt was not settled until 1138 . In 1139 , Matilda invaded southern England with her half @-@ brother 's support and the period of civil war began . 
 Josce was the youngest son of Geoffrey de Dinan and Radegonde Orieldis , and had two older brothers , Oliver of Dinan and Alan of Becherel . Josce 's family was from Brittany , and he was described by the historian Marjorie Chibnall as an " obscure Breton adventurer " . Josce moved from Devon in southern England to the Welsh Marches , the border between England and Wales , because the lords of Monmouth were also of Breton extraction . While in the Marches he joined King Stephen 's household . 
 
 = = Ludlow Castle = = 
 
 Josce was married to Sybil , the widow of Pain fitzJohn , who died in 1137 . Sybil had held Ludlow Castle against Stephen in 1139 , but surrendered after a siege . Ludlow was an important strategic stronghold for control of the Welsh Borders , and Stephen decided to marry Pain 's widow to someone he felt was trustworthy . Upon his marriage Josce also acquired control of the castle , built in the late 11th century . Josce probably also received many of the de Lacy family 's holdings in southern Shropshire , but he rebelled against Stephen and fortified Ludlow against the king . Josce 's position was so strong that when Stephen granted much of the surrounding lands to Robert de Beaumont , Earl of Leicester , Ludlow was specifically exempted . Stephen told Robert that he would have a royal grant of the castle if he could secure Josce 's submission as a vassal . 
 Custody of Ludlow was contested not only by Stephen but also by Gilbert de Lacy , whose efforts to wrest the castle from Josce are the background to the medieval romance Fouke le Fitz Waryn ; the extant prose version dates from the 14th century , but it was originally a 13th @-@ century poem , now lost . Gilbert claimed the castle through his familial link with Sybil , fitzJohn 's widow , who was a member of the de Lacy family . Others trying to take Ludlow were Hugh de Mortimer and Gilbert de Lacy . According to the Chronicle of Wigmore Abbey , some time after September 1148 Mortimer and Josce became embroiled in a private war , during which Josce seized Mortimer while the latter was travelling . Josce imprisoned his captive in Ludlow and demanded a ransom of 3 @,@ 000 silver marks , as well as , according to the Chronicle , Mortimer 's " plate , his horses , and his birds " . Presumably , Mortimer met the ransom , as he is later known to have been a free man . 
 While Josce was absent from Ludlow , Gilbert de Lacy was able to take the castle . Josce laid siege to the castle but was unsuccessful in his attempt to retake it , and retreated to Lambourn with his military forces . Although the exact date of this event is unknown , it appears to have been some time about 1150 or shortly before . Matilda gave Josce some lands around Lambourn after Ludlow 's fall as compensation . Later he was given land in Berkshire by King Henry II ( became king in 1154 ) , Matilda 's son , as further recompense for the loss of Ludlow . In 1156 Josce held lands in Berkshire , Wiltshire , Hampshire , Devonshire and Somerset . These holdings included the manor of Lambourn , worth £ 76 in income per year , as well as the manor of Stanton ( now known as Stanton Fitzwarren in Wiltshire ) in addition to the lands scattered in other counties . 
 Josce 's grandson Fulk fitzWarin , who died in 1258 , is ostensibly the hero of a lost romantic poem called Fouke le Fitz Waryn . The work survives as French prose in a loose corpus of medieval literature known as the Matter of England . However , it appears to confuse events of Fulk fitzWarin 's lifetime with those of his grandfather 's . Other errors in the work include transposing some of the Welsh Marcher barons of King Henry I of England 's reign into nobles of William the Conqueror 's time , and omitting an entire generation of fitzWarins . Although scholars believe Fouke le Fitz Waryn draws on genuine tradition , the difficulty in separating the fitzWarin biographies makes it a problematic source . 
 
 = = Family = = 
 
 Josce died in 1166 . He was survived by two daughters : Sibil , who married Hugh de Pulgenet and died in 1212 , and Hawise who married Fulk FitzWarin , who died in 1197 . In 1199 his two daughters petitioned the king regarding the ownership of the town and castle of Ludlow but were turned down . 
 
 
 = World War I Memorial ( East Providence , Rhode Island ) = 
 
 The World War I Memorial is a bronze sculpture by Pietro Montana and is located at the intersection of Taunton Avenue , Whelden Avenue , and John Street in East Providence , Rhode Island , United States . The sculpture is modeled on Charles Atlas and depicts a dynamically posed soldier standing on a granite base . Montana 's original design was modified by the East Providence Memorial Committee for being " too brutal " . Dedicated on July 30 , 1927 , Major General Charles Pelot Summerall gave an address which highlighted the handicap placed upon the soldiers by a lack of preparedness and " invoked the fighting ideal embodied by Montana 's doughboy . " The World War I Memorial was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2001 . 
 
 = = Design = = 
 
 The World War I Memorial was designed by Pietro Montana , an Italian @-@ born painter and sculptor . Montana studied at the Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art in Manhattan , New York City , New York . Montana 's monuments were well @-@ known , particularly in New York , and included an earlier " Doughboy " sculpture erected in 1920 to honor the war dead of the Bushwick , Brooklyn and Ridgewood , Queens . The success of this the earlier " Fighting Doughboy " memorial resulted in the production of three copies by 1921 . By 1932 , he had produced over 40 statues and won a gold medal from the National Academy of Design for " Orphans " in 1931 . 
 For the design of the sculpture , Montana modeled Charles Atlas and " strove to communicate the U.S. doughboy 's upstanding character and valor by way of a muscle @-@ bound physique " . In 1926 , the East Providence Memorial Committee expressed concerns that Montana 's design was " too brutal " and modified the original design provided by Montana . The statue was erected in 1927 , and formally dedicated on July 30 , 1927 . At the dedication , Major General Charles Pelot Summerall gave an address which highlighted the handicap placed upon the soldiers by a lack of preparedness and " invoked the fighting ideal embodied by Montana 's doughboy . " 
 The sculpture of a soldier stands 7 @.@ 75 feet ( 2 @.@ 36 m ) tall , 2 @.@ 583 feet ( 0 @.@ 787 m ) wide and 2 @.@ 66 feet ( 0 @.@ 81 m ) deep . Ronald J. Onorato , author of the National Register nomination , writes that " the soldier stands with legs apart , his left hand at his belt , the right at his side . The face is impassive and expressionless . He wears a disheveled infantry uniform , rough shoes , the shirt collar open and askew , the sleeves rolled back , the knee torn open , his helmet on the ground behind his left foot . ... A holster hangs from the belt on the soldier 's right hip . " Montana signed the sculpture with " Pietro Montana / SC / 1927 . " 
 The sculpture rests atop a grey granite base that is 6 @.@ 33 feet ( 1 @.@ 93 m ) tall , 3 @.@ 166 feet ( 0 @.@ 965 m ) wide and 3 @.@ 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 1 m ) deep . The corners of the base have small leaf designed and has 2 feet ( 0 @.@ 61 m ) by 2 @.@ 66 feet ( 0 @.@ 81 m ) bronze reliefs with arched tops on each side . The front relief states that it was erected in the memory of the citizens of East Providence who served in World War I from 1917 to 1918 , and lists the names of twenty three soldiers . The left relief depicts a marching infantry column of one man on horseback and four on foot , the right relief depicts four or five men loading a cannon and the rear relief depicts a nurse assisting two wounded soldiers . 
 At the time of its nomination , the sculpture was described as in " moderately good condition " , with the surface being both stained and pitted , but free or breaks or missing pieces . The statue still stands in its original location in front of a school that has since been re @-@ purposed for residential housing . 
 
 = = Importance = = 
 
 The World War I Memorial designed by Montana is " historically significant as the city 's principal effort to honor those who served in the first World War and because it is an unusually successful depiction of the soldier in battle . " The larger @-@ than @-@ life masculine figure depicted in the sculpture stands apart from the stock figures of other war monuments by its dynamic pose , as if the soldier was " [ arising from ] the heat of battle " . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on October 19 , 2001 . 
 
 
 = Oldham = 
 
 Oldham / ˈɒldəm / is a large town in Greater Manchester , England , amid the Pennines between the rivers Irk and Medlock , 5 @.@ 3 miles ( 8 @.@ 5 km ) south @-@ southeast of Rochdale and 6 @.@ 9 miles ( 11 @.@ 1 km ) northeast of Manchester . Together with several smaller surrounding towns , it is part of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham of which it is the administrative centre . 
 Historically in Lancashire , and with little early history to speak of , Oldham rose to prominence in the 19th century as an international centre of textile manufacture . It was a boomtown of the Industrial Revolution , and among the first ever industrialised towns , rapidly becoming " one of the most important centres of cotton and textile industries in England " . At its zenith , it was the most productive cotton spinning mill town in the world , producing more cotton than France and Germany combined . Oldham 's textile industry fell into decline in the mid @-@ 20th century ; the town 's last mill closed in 1998 . 
 The demise of textile processing in Oldham depressed the local economy . Today Oldham is a predominantly residential town , and a centre for further education and the performing arts . It is , however , still distinguished architecturally by the surviving cotton mills and other buildings associated with that industry . The town has a population of 103 @,@ 544 and an area of around 26 square miles ( 67 km2 ) . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Toponymy = = = 
 
 The toponymy of Oldham seems to imply " old village or place " from Eald ( Saxon ) signifying oldness or antiquity , and Ham ( Saxon ) a house , farm or hamlet . Oldham is however known to be a derivative of Aldehulme , undoubtedly an Old Norse name . It is believed to be derived from the Old English ald combined with the Old Norse holmi or holmr , meaning " promontory or outcrop " , possibly describing the town 's hilltop position . It has alternatively been suggested that it may mean " holm or hulme of a farmer named Alda " . The name is understood to date from 865 , during the period of the Danelaw . 
 
 = = = Early history = = = 
 
 The earliest known evidence of a human presence in what is now Oldham is attested by the discovery of Neolithic flint arrow @-@ heads and workings found at Werneth and Besom Hill , implying habitation 7 – 10 @,@ 000 years ago . Evidence of later Roman and Celtic activity is confirmed by an ancient Roman road and Bronze Age archaeological relics found at various sites within the town . Placenames of Celtic origin are still to be found in Oldham : Werneth derives from a Celtic personal name identical to the Gaulish vernetum , " alder swamp " , and Glodwick may be related to the modern Welsh clawdd , meaning " dyke " or " ditch " . Nearby Chadderton is also pre @-@ Anglo @-@ Saxon in origin , from the Old Welsh cadeir , itself deriving from the Latin cathedra meaning " chair " . Although Anglo @-@ Saxons occupied territory around the area centuries earlier , Oldham as a permanent , named place of dwelling is believed to date from 865 , when Danish invaders established a settlement called Aldehulme . 
 From its founding in the 9th century until the Industrial Revolution , Oldham is believed to have been little more than a scattering of small and insignificant settlements spread across the moorland and dirt tracks that linked Manchester to York . Although not mentioned in the Domesday Book , Oldham does appear in legal documents from the Middle Ages , invariably recorded as territory under the control of minor ruling families and barons . In the 13th century , Oldham was documented as a manor held from the Crown by a family surnamed Oldham , whose seat was at Werneth Hall . 
 
 = = = Industrial Revolution and cotton = = = 
 
 Much of Oldham 's history is concerned with textile manufacture during the Industrial Revolution ; it has been said that " if ever the Industrial Revolution placed a town firmly and squarely on the map of the world , that town is Oldham . " Oldham 's soils were too thin and poor to sustain crop growing , and so for decades prior to industrialisation the area was used for grazing sheep , which provided the raw material for a local woollen weaving trade . 
 By 1756 , Oldham had emerged as centre of the hatting industry in England . The rough felt used in the production process is the origin of the term " Owdham Roughyed " a nickname for people from Oldham . It was not until the last quarter of the 18th century that Oldham changed from being a cottage industry township producing woollen garments via domestic manual labour , to a sprawling industrial metropolis of textile factories . The climate , geology , and topography of Oldham were unrelenting constraints upon the social and economic activities of the human inhabitants . At 700 feet ( 213 m ) above sea level and with no major river or visible natural resources , Oldham had poor geographic attributes compared with other settlements for investors and their engineers . As a result , Oldham played no part in the initial period of the Industrial Revolution , although it did later become seen as obvious territory to industrialise because of its convenient position between the labour forces of Manchester and southwest Yorkshire . 
 Cotton spinning and milling were introduced to Oldham when its first mill , Lees Hall , was built by William Clegg in about 1778 , the beginning of a spiralling process of urbanisation and socioeconomic transformation . Within a year , 11 other mills had been constructed , and by 1818 there were 19 – not a large number in comparison with other local settlements . Oldham 's small local population was greatly increased by the mass migration of workers from outlying villages , resulting in a population increase from just over 12 @,@ 000 in 1801 to 137 @,@ 000 in 1901 . The speed of this urban growth meant that Oldham , with little pre @-@ industrial history to speak of , was effectively born as a factory town . 
 Oldham became the world 's manufacturing centre for cotton spinning in the second half of the 19th century . In 1851 , over 30 % of Oldham 's population was employed within the textile sector , compared to 5 % across Great Britain . It overtook the major urban centres of Manchester and Bolton as the result of a mill building boom in the 1860s and 1870s , a period during which Oldham became the most productive cotton @-@ spinning town in the world . In 1871 , Oldham had more spindles than any country in the world except the United States , and in 1909 , was spinning more cotton than France and Germany combined . By 1911 there were 16 @.@ 4 million spindles in Oldham , compared with a total of 58 million in the United Kingdom and 143 @.@ 5 million in the world ; in 1928 , with the construction of the UK 's largest textile factory Oldham reached its manufacturing zenith . At its peak , there were more than 360 mills , operating night and day ; 
 Oldham 's townscape was dominated by distinctive rectangular brick @-@ built mills . Oldham was hit hard by the Lancashire Cotton Famine of 1861 – 1865 , when supplies of raw cotton from the United States were cut off . Wholly reliant upon the textile industry , the cotton famine created chronic unemployment in the town . By 1863 a committee had been formed , and with aid from central government , land was purchased with the intention of employing local cotton workers to construct Alexandra Park , which opened on 28 August 1865 . Said to have over @-@ relied upon the textile sector , as the importation of cheaper foreign yarns grew during the 20th century , Oldham 's economy declined into a depression , although it was not until 1964 that Oldham ceased to be the largest centre of cotton spinning . In spite of efforts to increase the efficiency and competitiveness of its production , the last cotton spun in the town was in 1998 . 
 
 = = = = Engineering = = = = 
 
 Facilitated by its flourishing textile industry , Oldham developed extensive structural and mechanical engineering sectors during the 18th and 19th centuries . The manufacture of spinning and weaving machinery in Oldham belongs to the last decade of the 19th century , when it became a leading centre in the field of engineering . The Platt Brothers , originated in nearby Dobcross village , but moved to Oldham . They were pioneers of cotton @-@ spinning machinery , developing innovative products that enabled the mass @-@ production of cotton yarn . Platt Brothers became the largest textile machine makers in the world , employing over 15 @,@ 000 people in the 1890s , twice the number of their nearest rivals Dobson & Barlow in Bolton and Asa Lees on Greenacres Moor . They were keen investors in the local area and at one time , were supporting 42 % of the population . The centre of the company lay at the New Hartford Works in Werneth , a massive complex of buildings and internal railways on a site overlooking Manchester . The railway station which served this site later formed the basis of Oldham Werneth railway station . The main building exists to this day . Platts gained prestigious awards from around the world , and were heavily involved with local politics and civic pride in Oldham . John and James Platt were the largest subscribers for promoting Oldham from a township to a Borough , pledging £ 100 ( more than double the next largest sum ) in advance towards any expenses which may have been incurred by the Royal Charter . In 1854 John Platt was made the ( fourth ) Mayor of Oldham , an office he was to hold twice more in 1855 – 56 and 1861 – 62 . John Platt was elected in 1865 to become Member of Parliament for Oldham , and was re @-@ elected in 1868 ; he remained in office until his death in 1872 . A bronze statue of Platt existed in the town centre for years , though was moved to Alexandra Park . There have been recommendations for it to be returned to the town centre . 
 Abraham Henthorn Stott , the son of a stonemason , was born in nearby Shaw and Crompton in 1822 . He served a seven @-@ year apprenticeship with Sir Charles Barry , before starting a structural engineering practice in Oldham in 1847 that went on to become the pre @-@ eminent mill architect firm in Lancashire . Philip Sydney Stott , third son of Abraham and later titled as Sir Philip Stott , 1st Baronet , was the most prominent and famous of the Stott mill architects . He established his own practice in 1883 and designed over a hundred mills in several countries . His factories , which improved upon his father 's fireproof mills , accounted for a 40 % increase in Oldham 's spindles between 1887 and 1914 . 
 Although textile @-@ related engineering declined with the processing industry , leading to the demise of both Stotts and Platts , other engineering firms existed , notably electrical and later electronic engineers Ferranti in 1896 . Ferranti went into receivership in 1993 , but some of its former works continue in other hands . Part of the original Hollinwood site was operated by Siemens Metering and Semiconductor divisions . The remainder of the site is occupied by Mirror Colour Print Ltd ; the printing division of the Trinity Mirror group , which prints and distributes thirty @-@ six major newspapers , and employs five hundred staff . 
 
 = = = = Coal mining = = = = 
 
 On the back of the Industrial Revolution , Oldham developed an extensive coal mining sector , correlated to supporting the local cotton industry and the town 's inhabitants , though there is evidence of small scale coal mining in the area as early as the 16th century . The Oldham Coalfield stretched from Royton in the north to Bardsley in the south and in addition to Oldham , included the towns of Middleton and Chadderton to the west . The Oldham Coalfield was the site of over 150 collieries during its recorded history . Although some contemporary sources suggest there was coal mining in Oldham at a commercial scale by 1738 , older sources attribute the commercial expansion of coal mining with the arrival in the town of two Welsh labourers , John Evans and William Jones , around 1770 . Foreseeing the growth in demand for coal as a source of motive and steam power , they acquired colliery rights for Oldham , which by 1771 had 14 colliers . The mines were largely to the southwest of the town around Hollinwood and Werneth and provided enough coal to accelerate Oldham 's rapid development at the centre of the cotton boom . At its height in the mid @-@ 19th century , when it was dominated by the Lees and Jones families , Oldham coal was mainly sourced from many small collieries whose lives varied from a few years to many decades , although two of the four largest collieries survived to nationalisation . In 1851 , collieries employed more than 2 @,@ 000 men in Oldham , although the amount of coal in the town was somewhat overestimated however , and production began to decline even before that of the local spinning industry . Today , the only visible remnants of the mines are disused shafts and boreholes . 
 
 = = = Social history = = = 
 
 Oldham 's social history , like that of other former unenfranchised towns , is marked by politicised civil disturbances , as well as events related to the Luddite , Suffragette and other Labour movements from the working classes . There has been a significant presence of " friendly societies " . It has been put that the people of Oldham became radical in politics in the early part of the 19th century , and movements suspected of sedition found patronage in the town . Oldham was frequently disturbed by bread and labour riots , facilitated by periods of scarcity and the disturbance of employment following the introduction of cotton @-@ spinning machinery . 
 On 20 April 1812 , a " large crowd of riotous individuals " compelled local retailers to sell foods at a loss , whilst on the same day Luddites numbering in their thousands , many of whom were from Oldham , attacked a cotton mill in nearby Middleton . On 16 August 1819 , Oldham sent a contingent estimated at well above 10 @,@ 000 to hear speakers in St Peter 's Fields at Manchester discuss political reform ; it was the largest contingent sent to Manchester . John Lees , a cotton operative and ex @-@ soldier who had fought at Waterloo , was one of the fifteen victims of the Peterloo Massacre which followed . The ' Oldham inquest ' which proceeded the massacre was anxiously watched ; the Court of King 's Bench , however , decided that the proceedings were irregular , and the jury were discharged without giving a verdict . 
 Annie Kenney , born in nearby Springhead , and who worked in Oldham 's cotton mills , was a notable member of the Suffragette movement credited with sparking off suffragette militancy when she heckled Winston Churchill , and later ( with Emmeline Pankhurst ) the first Suffragist to be imprisoned . Oldham Women 's Suffrage Society was established in 1910 with Margery Lees as president and quickly joined the Manchester and District Federation of the National Union of Women 's Suffrage Societies . The Chartist and Co @-@ operative movements had strong support in the town , whilst many Oldhamers protested against the emancipation of slaves . The Riot Act was read in 1852 on election day following a mass public brawl over the Reform Act , and irregularities with parliamentary candidate nominations . 
 For three days in late May 2001 , Oldham became the centre of national and international media attention . Following high profile race @-@ related conflicts , and long @-@ term underlying racial tensions between local White British and Asian communities , major riots broke out in the town . Occurring with particular intensity in the Glodwick area of the town , the Oldham riots were the worst racially motivated riots in the United Kingdom for fifteen years prior , briefly eclipsing the sectarian violence in Northern Ireland in the media . At least 20 people were injured in the riots , including 15 police officers , and 37 people were arrested . Similar riots took place in other towns in northern England over the following days and weeks . The 2001 riots prompted governmental and independent inquiries , which collectively agreed on community relations improvements and considerable regeneration schemes for the town . There were further fears of riots after the death of Gavin Hopley in 2002 . 
 
 = = Governance = = 
 
 
 = = = Civic history = = = 
 
 Lying within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire since the early 12th century , Oldham was recorded in 1212 as being one of five parts of the thegnage estate of Kaskenmoor , which was held on behalf of King John by Roger de Montbegon and William de Nevill . The other parts of this estate were Crompton , Glodwick , Sholver , and Werneth . Oldham later formed a township within the ancient ecclesiastical parish of Prestwich @-@ cum @-@ Oldham , in the hundred of Salford . 
 In 1826 commissioners for the social and economic improvement of Oldham were established . The town was made part of a parliamentary borough , in 1832 , though it was in 1849 when Oldham was incorporated as a municipal borough , giving it borough status in the United Kingdom , and in 1850 the Borough Council obtained the powers of the improvement commissioners . In 1880 , parts of the Hollinwood and Crossbank areas of Chadderton and Ashton @-@ under @-@ Lyne townships were added to the Borough of Oldham . Oldham Above Town and Oldham Below Town were , from 1851 until c . 1881 , statistical units used for the gathering and organising of civil registration information , and output of census data . 
 The Local Government Act 1888 created elected county councils to administer services throughout England and Wales . Where a municipal borough had a population of more than 50 @,@ 000 at the 1881 Census it was created a county borough , with the powers and duties of both a borough and county council . As Oldham had an 1881 population of 111 @,@ 343 it duly became a county borough on 1 April 1889 . The borough , while independent of Lancashire County Council for local government , remained part of the county for purposes such as the administration of justice and lieutenancy . 
 In 1951 parts of the Limehurst Rural District were added to the County Borough of Oldham , and in 1954 further parts of the same district added to it on its abolition . Since 1961 , Oldham has been twinned with Kranj in Slovenia . Under the Local Government Act 1972 , the town 's autonomous county borough status was abolished , and Oldham has , since 1 April 1974 , formed part of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham , within the Metropolitan county of Greater Manchester . 
 
 = = = Parliamentary representation = = = 
 
 The boundaries of two parliamentary constituencies divide Oldham : Oldham East and Saddleworth , and Oldham West and Royton ( which includes the town centre ) , represented by Labour Members of Parliament Debbie Abrahams and Michael Meacher respectively . 
 Created as a parliamentary borough in 1832 , Oldham 's first parliamentary representatives were the radicals William Cobbett and John Fielden . Winston Churchill began his political career in Oldham . Although unsuccessful at his first attempt in 1899 , Churchill was elected as the member of Parliament for the Oldham parliamentary borough constituency in the 1900 general election . He held the constituency for the Conservative Party until the 1906 general election , when he won the election for Manchester North West as a Liberal MP . After he became the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 1940 , Churchill was made a Honorary Freeman of the Borough of Oldham , on 2 April 1941 . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 At 53 ° 32 ′ 39 ″ N 2 ° 7 ′ 0 @.@ 8 ″ W ( 53 @.@ 5444 ° , − 2 @.@ 1169 ° ) , and 164 miles ( 264 km ) north @-@ northwest of London , Oldham stands 700 feet ( 213 m ) above sea level , 6 @.@ 9 miles ( 11 @.@ 1 km ) northeast of Manchester city centre , on elevated ground between the rivers Irk and Medlock . Saddleworth and the South Pennines are close to the east , whilst on all other sides , Oldham is bound by smaller towns , including Ashton @-@ under @-@ Lyne , Chadderton , Failsworth , Royton and Shaw and Crompton , with little or no green space between them . Oldham experiences a temperate maritime climate , like much of the British Isles , with relatively cool summers and mild winters . There is regular but generally light precipitation throughout the year . 
 Oldham 's topography is characterised by its rugged , elevated Pennine terrain . It has an area of 6 @.@ 91 square miles ( 17 @.@ 90 km2 ) . The geology of Oldham is represented by the Millstone Grit and Coal Measures series of rocks . The River Beal , flowing northwards , forms the boundary between Oldham on one side and Royton and Shaw and Crompton on the other . 
 To the east of this river the surface rises to a height of 1 @,@ 225 feet ( 373 m ) at Woodward Hill , on the border with the parish of Saddleworth . The rest of the surface is hilly , the average height decreasing towards the southwest to Failsworth and the city of Manchester . The ridge called Oldham Edge , 800 feet ( 244 m ) high , comes southward from Royton into the centre of the town . 
 Oldham 's built environment is characterised by its 19th @-@ century red @-@ brick terraced houses , the infrastructure that was built to support these and the town 's former cotton mills – which mark the town 's skyline . The urban structure of Oldham is irregular when compared to most towns in England , its form restricted in places by its hilly upland terrain . There are irregularly constructed residential dwellings and streets clustered loosely around a central business district in the town centre , which is the local centre of commerce . In 1849 , Angus Reach of Inverness said : 
 The visitor to Oldham will find it essentially a mean @-@ looking straggling town , built upon both sides and crowning the ridge of one of the outlying spurs which branch from Manchester , the neighbouring ' backbone of England ' . The whole place has a shabby underdone look . The general appearance of the operatives ' houses is filthy and smouldering . 
 In the 1870s , John Marius Wilson described Oldham as consisting of : 
 ... numerous streets , and contains numerous fine buildings , both public and private ; but , in a general view , is irregularly constructed , presents the dingy aspect of a crowded seat of manufacture , and is more notable for factories than for any other feature . 
 Although Oldham had a thriving economy during the 19th century , the local merchants were broadly reluctant to spend on civic institutions , and so the town lacks the grandeur seen in comparable nearby towns like Bolton or Huddersfield ; public expenditure was seen as an overhead that undermined the competitiveness of the town . Subsequently , Oldham 's architecture has been described as " mediocre " . The town has no listed buildings with a Grade I rating . 
 There is a mixture of high @-@ density urban areas , suburbs , semi @-@ rural and rural locations in Oldham . There is some permanent grassland but overwhelmingly the land use in the town is urban . The territory of Oldham is contiguous with other towns on all sides except for a small section along its eastern and southern boundaries , and for purposes of the Office for National Statistics , forms the fourth largest settlement of the Greater Manchester Urban Area , the United Kingdom 's third largest conurbation . The M60 motorway passes through the southwest of Oldham , through Hollinwood , and a heavy rail line enters Oldham from the same direction , travelling northeast to the town centre before heading northwards through Derker towards Shaw and Crompton . 
 
 = = = Divisions and suburbs = = = 
 
 Many of Oldham 's present divisions and suburbs have origins as pre @-@ industrial hamlets , manorial commons and ancient chapelries . Some , such as Moorside , exist as recently constructed residential suburbia , whilst places like Hollinwood exist as electoral wards and thoroughly industrialised districts . Throughout most of its recorded history , Oldham was surrounded by large swathes of moorland , which is reflected in the placenames of Moorside , Greenacres moor , Littlemoor , Northmoor among others . 
 A large portion of Oldham 's residences are " low value " Victorian era Accrington red @-@ brick terraced houses in a row formation , built for the most part from 1870 to 1920 , to house the town 's cotton mill workers . There is more modern housing in the semi @-@ rural east of the town , in the most sought after area in areas such as the village Moorside , although terraces are found in almost all parts of Oldham . 
 One of the oldest recorded named places of Oldham is Hathershaw , occurring in a deed for 1280 with the spelling Halselinechaw Clugh . Existing as a manor in the 15th century , Hathershaw Hall was the home of a Royalist family in the 17th century who lost part of their possessions due to the English Civil War . Waterhead , an upland area in the east of Oldham , traces its roots to a water cornmill over the border in Lees . 
 Recorded originally as Watergate and Waterhead Milne , it was for a long time a hamlet in the parish of Oldham that formed a significant part of the Oldham Above Town registration sub @-@ district . Derker was recorded as a place of residence in 1604 with the name Dirtcar . Bound by Higginshaw to the north , Derker is the location of Derker railway station and , said to have terraced residencies " unsuited to modern needs " , is currently being redeveloped as part of the Housing Market Renewal Initiative . 
 Coldhurst , an area along Oldham 's northern boundary with Royton , was once a chapelry and the site of considerable industry and commerce , including coal mining , cotton spinning and hat manufacture . It is said to have been the scene of an action in the English Civil War in which the Parliamentarians were defeated . 
 
 = = Demography = = 
 
 According to data from the United Kingdom Census 2001 , Oldham had a total resident population of 103 @,@ 544 , making it the 55th most populous settlement in England , and the 5th most populous settlement of the Greater Manchester Urban Area . This figure in conjunction with its area provides Oldham with a population density of 3 @,@ 998 people per square mile ( 1 @,@ 544 per km ² ) . The local population has been described as broadly " working class " ; the middle classes tending to live in outlying settlements . 
 Oldham , considered as a combination of the 2001 electoral wards of Alexandra , Coldhurst , Hollinwood , St. James , St. Marys , St. Pauls , Waterhead and Werneth , has an average age of 33 @.@ 5 , and compared against the average demography of the United Kingdom , has a high level of people of South Asian heritage , particularly those with roots in Pakistan and Bangladesh . Due to the town 's prevalence as an industrial centre and thus a hub for employment , Oldham attracted migrant workers throughout its history , including those from wider @-@ England , Scotland , Ireland and Poland . 
 During the 1950s and 1960s , in an attempt to fill the shortfall of workers and revitalise local industries , citizens of the wider Commonwealth of Nations were encouraged to migrate to Oldham and other British towns . Many came from the Caribbean and Indian subcontinent and settled throughout the Oldham borough . 
 Today , Oldham has large communities with heritage from Bangladesh , India , Pakistan and parts of the Caribbean . At the time of the 2001 census , over one in four of its residents identified themselves as from a South Asian or British Asian ethnic group . Cultural divisions along ethnic backgrounds are strong within the town , with poor cross @-@ community integration and cohesion along Asian and white backgrounds . 
 With only a small local population during medieval times , as a result of the introduction of industry , mass migration of village workers into Oldham occurred , resulting in a population change from under 2 @,@ 000 in 1714 to 12 @,@ 000 in 1801 to 137 @,@ 000 in 1901 In 1851 its population of 52 @,@ 820 made Oldham the 12th most populous town in England . The following is a table outlining the population change of the town since 1801 , which demonstrates a trend of rapid population growth in the 19th century and , after peaking at 147 @,@ 483 people in 1911 , a trend of general decline in population size during the 20th century . 
 In 2011 , 77 @.@ 5 % of the Oldham metropolitan borough population were White British , 18 @.@ 1 % Asian and 1 @.@ 2 % Black . While in the town of Oldham , which had a 2011 population of 96 @,@ 555 , 55 @.@ 4 % of the population were White British . 
 
 = = Economy = = 
 
 For years Oldham 's economy was heavily dependent on manufacturing industry , especially textiles and mechanical engineering . Since the deindustrialisation of Oldham in the mid @-@ 20th century , these industries have been replaced by home shopping , publishing , healthcare and food processing sectors , though factory @-@ generated employment retains a significant presence . Many of the modern sectors are low @-@ skill and low @-@ wage . 
 Park Cake Bakeries , sold in 2007 by Northern Foods Group to Vision Capital , have a large food processing centre in Hathershaw , which employs in excess of 1 @,@ 600 people . Over 90 % of the cakes produced go to Marks & Spencer . Long existing as an industrial district , Hollinwood is home to the Northern Counties Housing Association , 
 Oldham 's town centre contains the highest concentration of retailing , cultural facilities and employment in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham . It has been extensively redeveloped during the last few decades , and its two shopping centres , Town Square and the Spindles , now provide one of the largest covered retail areas in Greater Manchester . The Spindles ( named with reference to textile spindles ) is a modern shopping centre with over 40 retailers , banks , building societies and catering outlets . It houses one of Europe 's largest stained glass roofs , created by local artist Brian Clarke in celebration of the music of one of Oldham 's famous sons , composer and conductor Sir William Walton . 
 Ferranti Technologies is an electronic , electromechanical and electrical engineering company based in Waterhead . 
 A number of culinary and medical advances have been developed in Oldham . There are claims that Oldham was the birthplace of the first chip shop . The sometimes disputed claim of trade in deep @-@ fried chipped potatoes is said to have been started around 1858 – 60 from an outlet owned by a John Lees , on what is the present site of Oldham 's Tommyfield Market . In 1900 Oldham had the highest concentration of chip shops in the country , one for every 400 people . Rag Pudding is a savoury dish said to be native to Oldham . Yates Wine Lodge was founded in Oldham by Peter and Simon Yates in 1884 . 
 The tubular bandage was invented and developed in Oldham in 1961 . That " vital contribution to advancing medical science " resulted from a collaboration between local firm Seton and a cotton manufacturer in the town . 
 
 = = Landmarks = = 
 
 
 = = = Town Hall = = = 
 
 Oldham 's Old Town Hall is a Grade II listed Georgian neo @-@ classical town hall built in 1841 , eight years before Oldham received its borough status . One of the last purpose @-@ built town halls in northwest England , it has a tetrastyle Ionic portico , copied from the temple of Ceres , on the River Ilissos , near Athens . Winston Churchill made his inaugural acceptance speech from the steps of the town hall when he was first elected as a Conservative MP in 1900 . A Blue Plaque on the exterior of the building commemorates the event . Long existing as the political centre of the town , complete with courtrooms , the structure has stood empty since the mid @-@ 1980s and has regularly been earmarked for redevelopment as part of regeneration project proposals , but none have been actioned . 
 In September 2008 , it was reported that " Oldham Town Hall is only months away from a major roof collapse " . A tour taken by local councillors and media concluded with an account that " chunks of masonry are falling from the ceilings on a daily basis ... the floors are littered with dead pigeons and ... revealed that the building is literally rotting away " . In October 2009 the Victorian Society , a charity responsible for the study and protection of Britain 's Victorian and Edwardian architecture , declared Oldham Town Hall as the most endangered Victorian structure in England and Wales . Plans to convert the hall into a leisure complex , incorporating a cinema and restaurants , were revealed in May 2012 with the hall itself being used for public consultation . This £ 36 @.@ 72 million project is expected to be completed by early in 2016 . 
 In the heart of Oldham ’ s retail district , the Old Town Hall is being developed into a modern multiplex ODEON cinema . 
 
 = = = War memorial = = = 
 
 Erected as a permanent memorial to the men of Oldham who were killed in the First World War , Oldham 's war memorial consists of a granite base surmounted by a bronze sculpture depicting five soldiers making their way along the trenches in order to go into battle . The main standing figure , having climbed out of the trenches , is shown calling on his comrades to advance , and is the same figure used at the Royal Fusiliers War Memorial in London and the 41st Division memorial at Flers in France . The base serves to house books containing the roll of honour of the 1st , 10th and 24th Battalions , Manchester Regiment . The pedestal has two bronze doors at either side . 
 Commissioned in 1919 by the Oldham War Memorial Committee , the memorial was designed and built by Albert Toft . It was unveiled by General Sir Ian Hamilton on 28 April 1923 , before a crowd estimated at over 10 @,@ 000 . The monument was intended to symbolise the spirit of 1914 – 1918 . 
 The inscriptions on the memorial read : 
 Over doors to the north : " DEATH IS THE GATE OF LIFE / 1914 – 1918 " 
 Over window to the south : " TO GOD BE THE PRAISE " 
 
 = = = Civic Centre = = = 
 
 The Civic Centre tower is the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham 's centre of local governance . The 15 @-@ storey white @-@ brick building has housed the vast majority of the local government 's offices since its completion in 1977 . Standing at the summit of the town , the tower stands over 200 feet ( 61 m ) high . It was designed by Cecil Howitt & Partners , and the topping out ceremony was held on 18 June 1976 . The Civic Centre can be seen as far away as Salford , Trafford , Wythenshawe and Winter Hill in Lancashire , and offers panoramic views across the city of Manchester and the Cheshire Plain . 
 
 = = = Parish Church = = = 
 
 The Oldham Parish Church of St. Mary with St. Peter , in its present form , dates from 1830 and was designed in the Gothic Revival Style by Richard Lane , a Manchester @-@ based architect . It has been designated by English Heritage as a Grade II * listed building . It was linked with the church of St Mary the Virgin , Prestwich and together the sites were principal churches of the ancient ecclesiastical parish of Prestwich @-@ cum @-@ Oldham . 
 A church building had existed on the site since 1280 . During this time , a small chapel stood on the site to serve the local townships of Oldham , Chadderton , Royton and Crompton . This was later replaced by an Early English Gothic church in the 15th century . With the coming of the Industrial Revolution , the population of Oldham increased at a rapid rate ( from under 2 @,@ 000 in 1714 , to over 32 @,@ 000 by 1831 ) . The rapid growth of the local population warranted that the building be rebuilt into the current structure . Though the budget was originally agreed at £ 5 @,@ 000 , the final cost of building was £ 30 @,@ 000 , one third of which was spent on the crypt structure . Alternative designs by Sir Charles Barry , the designer of the Palace of Westminster , although now regarded by some as superior , were rejected . The Church , of the Anglican denomination , is in active use for worship , and forms part of the Diocese of Manchester . There are Roman Catholic churches in Oldham . These include Our Lady of Mount Carmel and St Patrick Church . It was built in 1870 , was founded by priests from St Mary 's Church in Oldham , and is a Grade II listed building . 
 
 = = Transport = = 
 
 The geography of Oldham constrained the development of major transport infrastructure , with the former County Borough Council suggesting that " if it had not grown substantially before the railway age it would surely have been overlooked " . Oldham has never been on a main @-@ line railway route , and canals too have only been able to serve it from a distance , meaning that " Oldham has never had a train service worthy of a town of its size " . 
 A principal destination along the former Oldham Loop Line , Oldham once had six railway stations but this was reduced to three once Clegg Street , Oldham Central and Glodwick Road closed in the mid @-@ 20th century . Oldham Werneth , Oldham Mumps and Derker closed on 3 October 2009 . Trains from Manchester Victoria station to Oldham had to climb steeply through much of its 6 @-@ mile ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) route , from around 100 feet ( 30 @.@ 5 m ) at Manchester city centre to around 600 feet ( 182 @.@ 9 m ) at Oldham Mumps . The Werneth Incline , with its gradient of 1 in 27 , made the Middleton Junction to Oldham Werneth route the steepest regular passenger line in the country . The Werneth Incline route closed in 1963 . It had been replaced as the main route to Manchester by the section of line built between Oldham Werneth Station and Thorpes Bridge Junction , at Newton Heath in May 1880 . Oldham Mumps , the second oldest station on the line after Werneth , took its name from its location in the Mumps area of Oldham , which itself probably derived from the archaic word " mumper " which was slang for a beggar . The former Oldham Loop Line was converted for use with an expanded Metrolink light rail network , and renamed as the Oldham and Rochdale Line . The line between Victoria and a temporary Oldham Mumps tram stop opened on 13 June 2012 , and more central stops opened on 27 January 2014 . 
 Oldham had electric tramways to Manchester in the early 20th century ; the first tram was driven from Manchester into Oldham in 1900 by the Lord Mayor of Manchester . The system came to an end on 3 August 1946 , however . There was also a short @-@ lived Oldham trolleybus system , in 1925 – 26 . The £ 3 @.@ 3 million Oldham Bus Station has frequent bus services to Manchester , Rochdale , Ashton @-@ under @-@ Lyne and Middleton with other services to the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham , Tameside , and across the Pennines to Huddersfield in West Yorkshire . The roof canopy is supported internally on two rows of steel trees . The extensive use of glass and stainless steel maximises visibility , and there is a carefully co @-@ ordinated family of information fittings , posters and seating , using robust natural materials for floors and plinths . The bus station is used by National Express coaches . First Greater Manchester has its headquarters in Oldham . 
 Despite the Turnpike Act 1734 , Oldham had no turnpike road to Manchester for another 56 years and Church Lane , Oldham remained part of the main street through the town . But following a further Act of Parliament a turnpike was constructed . The first regular coach service to Manchester came into operation in October 1790 , with a journey time of over 2 hours and a fare 2s.8d ( about 13p ) , with half fare for travellers on top of the coach . 
 Oldham is about 4 miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) south of the major M62 motorway , but is linked to it by the M60 at Hollinwood , and A627 ( M ) via Chadderton . There are major A roads to Ashton @-@ under @-@ Lyne , Huddersfield , Manchester , and Rochdale . 
 The Hollinwood Branch of the Ashton Canal was a canal that ran from Fairfield in Droylsden , through Littlemoss and Daisy Nook Country Park to the Hollinwood area of Oldham , with a branch from Daisy Nook to the Fairbottom Branch Canal . The canal was mainly used for the haulage of coal until it fell into disuse for commercial traffic in the 1930s . It included four aqueducts and a two @-@ rise lock staircase . 
 
 = = Sports = = 
 
 Oldham Roughyeds Rugby League Club was established in 1876 as Oldham Football Club , and Oldham Athletic Football Club in 1895 as Pine Villa Football Club . Oldham Athletic have achieved both league and cup successes , particularly under Joe Royle in the 1990s . They were Football League runners @-@ up in the last season before the outbreak of the First World War , but were relegated from the Football League First Division in 1923 . They reached the Football League Cup final in 1990 and won the Football League Second Division title in 1991 , ending 68 years outside the top flight . 
 They secured their top division status a year later to become founder members of the new Premier League , but were relegated after two seasons despite reaching that year 's FA Cup semi @-@ finals . They are currently playing in Football League One , the third tier of the English league . Darren Kelly was appointed as Manager in May 2015 
 Oldham Boro Football Club was established in 1964 as Oldham Dew FC , and after many years playing under the name of Oldham Town changed its name to Oldham Boro in 2009 , finally becoming known as Oldham Borough just months before it folded . The team played in the North West Counties Football League before going out of existence in 2015 , just over 50 years after it was founded . 
 Renamed in 1997 to Oldham Roughyeds , Oldham Rugby League Club has received several club honours during its history , winning the Rugby Football League Championship five times and Challenge Cup three times . They played at Watersheddings for years before joining Oldham Athletic at Boundary Park until 2010 when they moved to Oldham Borough 's previous ground , Whitebank Stadium . Oldham has league cricket teams with a number of semi @-@ professional league clubs including Oldham CC , and Werneth CC in the Central Lancashire League . 
 Oldham also has a Fencing Club , Marshall Fencing Club is a Competitive Fencing Club with most of its members competing on the national stage . They train three times a week at the old South Chadderton High School . 
 
 = = Education = = 
 
 Oldham produced someone who is considered to be one of the greatest benefactors of education for the nation , Hugh Oldham , who in 1504 was appointed as Bishop of Exeter , and later went on to found what is now Manchester Grammar School . 
 Almost every part of Oldham is served by a school of some kind , some with religious affiliations . According to the Office for Standards in Education , schools within the town perform at mixed levels . Hulme Grammar School and the Blue Coat School are consistently Oldham 's top performing secondary schools and each have sixth form colleges of further education . 
 University Campus Oldham is a centre for higher education and a sister campus of the University of Huddersfield . It was opened in May 2005 by actor Patrick Stewart , the centre 's Chancellor . The University Campus Oldham presented actress Shobna Gulati and artist , Brian Clarke ( both born in Oldham ) with an Honorary Doctorate of Letters at the Graduation Ceremony of November 2006 , for their achievements and contributions to Oldham and its community . 
 
 = = Public services = = 
 
 Home Office policing in Oldham is provided by the Greater Manchester Police . The force 's " ( Q ) Division " have their headquarters for policing the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham at central Oldham . Public transport is co @-@ ordinated by the Greater Manchester Passenger Transport Executive . Statutory emergency fire and rescue service is provided by the Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service , which has two stations in Oldham ; at Hollins on Hollins Road , and at Clarksfield on Lees Road . 
 The Royal Oldham Hospital , at Oldham 's northern boundary with Royton , is a large NHS hospital administrated by Pennine Acute Hospitals NHS Trust . It was opened under its existing name on 1 December 1989 . Formerly known as Oldham District and General , and occupying the site of the town 's former workhouse ( named Oldham Union Workhouse in 1851 ) , the hospital is notable for being the birthplace of Louise Joy Brown – the world 's first successful In vitro fertilised " test tube baby " , on 25 July 1978 . The North West Ambulance Service provides emergency patient transport . See also Healthcare in Greater Manchester . 
 Waste management is co @-@ ordinated by the local authority via the Greater Manchester Waste Disposal Authority . Locally produced inert waste for disposal is sent to landfill at the Beal Valley . Oldham 's Distribution Network Operator for electricity is United Utilities ; there are no power stations in the town . United Utilities also manages Oldham 's drinking and waste water ; water supplies being sourced from several local reservoirs , including Dovestones and Chew . There is a water treatment works at Waterhead . 
 
 = = Culture = = 
 
 Oldham , though lacking in leisure and cultural amenities , is historically notable for its theatrical culture . Once having a peak of six " fine " theatres in 1908 , Oldham is home to the Oldham Coliseum Theatre and the Oldham Theatre Workshop , which have facilitated the early careers of notable actors and writers , including Eric Sykes , Bernard Cribbins and Anne Kirkbride , daughter of acclaimed cartoonist Jack Kirkbride who worked for the Oldham Evening Chronicle . Oldham Coliseum Theatre is one of Britain 's last remaining repertory theatres ; Charlie Chaplin and Stan Laurel performed there in the early 20th century , and contemporary actors such as Ralph Fiennes and Minnie Driver , among others , have appeared more recently . 
 During the 19th century the circus was a popular entertainment in Oldham ; Pablo Fanque 's circus was a regular visitor , filling a 3 @,@ 000 @-@ seat amphitheatre on Tommyfield in 1869 . Criticised for its lack of a cinema , there are plans to develop an " Oldham West End " . Oldham has a thriving bar and night club culture , attracting a significant number of young people into the town centre . Oldham 's " hard binge drinking culture " has been criticised however for conveying a negative regional image of the town . 
 
 = = = Communal facilities = = = 
 
 The Lyceum is a Grade II listed building opened in 1856 at a cost of £ 6 @,@ 500 as a " mutual improvement " centre for the working men of Oldham . The facilities provided to members included a library , a newsroom and a series of lectures on geology , geography and education , microscopy and chemistry , female education and botany . Instrumental music was introduced and there were soon sixteen violinists and three cellists . Eventually the building was extended to include a school of science and art . Music had always been important in the life of the Lyceum , and in 1892 a school of music was opened , with 39 students enrolled for the " theory and practice of music " . 
 The Lyceum continued throughout the 20th century as a centre for the arts in Oldham , and in 1986 the local authority was invited by its directors and trustees to accept the building as a gift . The acceptance of the Lyceum building by the Education Committee provided the opportunity to move the music centre and " further enhance the cultural activities of the town " . In 1989 the Oldham Metropolitan Borough Music Centre moved into the Lyceum building , which is now the home of the Oldham Lyceum School of Music . 
 Oldham ’ s museum and gallery service dates back to 1883 . Since then it has established itself as a cultural focus for Oldham and has developed one of the largest and most varied permanent collections in North West England . The current collection includes over 12 @,@ 000 social and industrial history items , more than 2 @,@ 000 works of art , about 1 @,@ 000 items of decorative art , more than 80 @,@ 000 natural history specimens , over 1 @,@ 000 geological specimens , about 3 @,@ 000 archaeological artefacts , 15 @,@ 000 photographs and a large number of books , pamphlets and documents . 
 Oldham is now home to a newly built state @-@ of @-@ the @-@ art art gallery , Gallery Oldham , which was completed in February 2002 as the first phase of the Oldham Cultural Quarter . Later phases of the development saw the opening of an extended Oldham Library , a lifelong learning centre and there are plans to include a performing arts centre . 
 
 = = = Carnival = = = 
 
 The annual Oldham Carnival started around 1900 , although the tradition of carnivals in the town goes back much further , providing a " welcomed respite from the tedium of everyday life " . The carnival parade was always held in mid @-@ to @-@ late summer , with the primary aim of raising money for charities . It often featured local dignitaries or popular entertainers , in addition to brass , military and jazz bands , the Carnival Queen , people in fancy dress , dancers and decorated floats from local churches and businesses . Whenever possible , local people who had attained national celebrity status were invited to join the cavalcade . The carnival 's route began in the town centre , wound its way along King Street , and ended with a party in Alexandra Park . 
 The carnival fell out of favour in the late 1990s but was resurrected by community volunteers in 2006 and rebranded the Peoples ' Carnival . The parade was moved into Alexandra Park in 2011 . The event hosts live stages and other activities alongside a parade in the park . In 2016 will be 10 years since the carnival was reinstated by volunteers . The main organiser is Paul Davies who runs the carnival with a number of committee members and loads of volunteers 
 
 = = Britain in Bloom = = 
 
 In 2012 and 2014 Oldham was named as Culture Town in the annual " Britain in Bloom " competition as winners 
 
 = = Notable people = = 
 
 People from Oldham are called Oldhamers , though " Roughyed " is a nickname from the 18th century when rough felt was used in Oldham to make hats . 
 Edward Potts was a renowned architect who moved to Oldham from Bury . He was the architect for fourteen mills in the Oldham area . 
 Other notable persons with Oldham connections include the composer Sir William Walton , former British Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill , and Louise Brown , the world 's first baby to be conceived by in vitro fertilisation . 
 Notable media personalities from Oldham include presenter Nick Grimshaw , actors Eric Sykes and Bernard Cribbins , TV host Phillip Schofield , actress Shobna Gulati , physicist and science educator Brian Cox , and comedy double act Tommy Cannon and Bobby Ball . 
 Notable musicians from Oldham include the Inspiral Carpets and Mark Owen of boyband Take That . 
 
 
 = 1981 European Cup Final = 
 
 The 1981 European Cup Final was an association football match between Liverpool of England and Real Madrid of Spain on 27 May 1981 at the Parc des Princes , Paris , France . It was the final match of the 1980 – 81 season of Europe 's premier cup competition , the European Cup . Liverpool were appearing in their third final , after two appearances in 1977 and 1978 . Real Madrid were appearing in their ninth final , they had previously won the competition six times and lost twice . 
 Each club needed to progress through four rounds to reach the final . Matches were contested over two legs , with a match at each team 's home ground . All but one of Liverpool 's ties were comfortable victories , they beat Bayern Munich on the away goals rule , while they won all their other ties by at least five goals . Real Madrid 's matches ranged from close affairs to comfortable victories . In the first round they beat Limerick 7 – 2 on aggregate , but their final two ties were won by at least two goals . 
 Watched by a crowd of 48 @,@ 360 , the first half was goalless . Liverpool took the lead in the second half when Alan Kennedy scored . They held this lead to win the match 1 – 0 , securing Liverpool 's third European Cup and a fifth consecutive victory by an English team . Liverpool manager Bob Paisley became the first manager to win the competition three times . 
 
 = = Route to the final = = 
 
 
 = = = Liverpool = = = 
 
 Liverpool gained entry to the competition by winning the 1979 – 80 Football League , entering as English champions . Their opponents in the first round were Finnish champions Oulun Palloseura . The first leg in Finland at the Raatti Stadion was drawn 1 – 1 . The second leg at Liverpool 's home ground Anfield resulted in a comprehensive 10 – 0 victory for Liverpool . Two of their players , Graeme Souness and Terry McDermott , scored a hat @-@ trick . Liverpool won the tie 11 – 1 on aggregate . 
 In the second round Liverpool were drawn against Scottish champions Aberdeen , managed by Alex Ferguson . The first leg was at Aberdeen 's home ground , Pittodrie , a McDermott goal in the fifth minute ensured a 1 – 0 victory for Liverpool . The second leg at Anfield was won 4 – 0 by Liverpool , thus they won the tie 5 – 0 on aggregate . Liverpool 's opponents in the quarter @-@ finals were Bulgarian champions CSKA Sofia . The first leg was held in England , another hat @-@ trick from Souness and goals from McDermott and Sammy Lee gave Liverpool a 5 – 1 victory . They won the second leg at the Vasil Levski National Stadium 1 – 0 to progress to the semi @-@ finals courtesy of a 6 – 1 aggregate victory . 
 They faced German champions Bayern Munich in the semi @-@ finals . The first leg in England ended in a 0 – 0 draw . Liverpool needed to score in the second leg to advance to the final . Their cause was not helped when striker Kenny Dalglish had to be replaced in the early minutes of the match by the inexperienced Howard Gayle . However , Gayle rose to the occasion , unsettling the Bayern defence with his attacking threat . With seven minutes of normal time left , Ray Kennedy scored to give Liverpool a 1 – 0 lead . Bayern responded soon afterwards when Karl @-@ Heinz Rummenigge scored , however they needed to score another goal due to the away goals rule . They were unable to do so and Liverpool progressed to their third final in five seasons . 
 
 = = = Real Madrid = = = 
 
 Real Madrid gained entry to the competition as champions , after they won the 1979 – 80 La Liga . Their opponents in the first round were Irish champions Limerick . Limerick took the lead in the first leg at Lansdowne Road , but Real scored twice to win the first leg 2 – 1 . The second leg at Real 's home ground the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium , ended in a 5 – 1 victory for Real , they won the tie 7 – 2 on aggregate . 
 Their opponents in the second round were Hungarian champions Honvéd . A goal from Santillana ensured Real won the first leg 1 – 0 in Spain . Two goals from Laurie Cunningham and Francisco García Hernández secured a 2 – 0 victory in the second leg at Honvéd 's home ground the Bozsik Stadion , thus , winning the tie 3 – 0 on aggregate . 
 In the quarter @-@ finals Real faced Soviet champions Spartak Moscow . A 0 – 0 at the Dynamo Lenin Stadium in the Soviet Union left the tie finely balanced heading into the second leg in Spain . Two goals from Isidro in the second half secured a 2 – 0 victory in the match and over aggregate . 
 Real 's opponents in the semi @-@ finals were Italian champions Internazionale . Real won the first leg 2 – 0 in Spain after goals from Santillana and Juanito . Internazionale needed to score twice to force the tie into extra @-@ time , however they were only able to score once . They won the second leg 1 – 0 , but Real won the tie 2 – 1 on aggregate to progress to their ninth final . 
 
 = = Match = = 
 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 Liverpool were appearing in their third European Cup Final . They had won their two previous appearances in 1977 and 1978 . Real Madrid were appearing in their ninth final , they had won the competition six times , including a record five successive victories from 1956 to 1960 . Their sixth victory was in 1966 , while their two losses were in 1962 and 1964 . 
 Liverpool had finished fifth during the 1980 – 81 Football League , thus they needed to win the final to ensure that they would compete in the European Cup the following season . Despite this , Liverpool had won the Football League Cup for the first time earlier in the season , defeating West Ham United 2 – 1 in a replay after the final finished 1 – 1 . Real Madrid had finished second in the 1980 – 81 La Liga , they had qualified for the UEFA Cup as a result , but victory would enable them to compete in the European Cup the following season . 
 Both sides had injury concerns before the match . Liverpool had doubts over a number of players . Kenny Dalglish had not trained for several weeks , while Alan Kennedy had been sidelined for six weeks with a broken wrist . Real had concerns over striker Laurie Cunningham who had been sidelined since November . 
 
 = = = Summary = = = 
 
 Liverpool controlled the opening passages of the game . Their first goalscoring chance came in the 11th minute when Alan Kennedy 's 30 yard shot was saved by Real goalkeeper Agustín Rodríguez . Further chances were created , but neither Terry McDermott or Dalglish were able to score . Real started to exert more of an influence after this , midfielder Juanito started to cause Liverpool problems with his passing . One pass found José Antonio Camacho who beat Liverpool defender Alan Hansen but put his shot wide of the Liverpool goal . Despite their scoring opportunity , one problem Real had was to get the best out of their winger Cunningham . Not fully fit , he was tightly marked and made little impact in the match . 
 Liverpool had a chance to take the lead before half @-@ time . Phil Neal advanced down the right hand side of the pitch and found Dalglish who passed to Graeme Souness , who ran late through the Real defence . His subsequent shot was not held by Agustín Rodríguez , but Souness was unable to get to the rebounded ball . Real had the first chance of the second half . Liverpool 's defence had stopped as they thought Cunningham was offside , however he was not and Camacho advanced towards Ray Clemence in the Liverpool goal . Clemence came off his line and ran towards the Real midfielder , Camacho attempted to lob the ball over the keeper , but his shot went over the goal . 
 The tactical approach of the two sides were cancelling each other out . Real 's slow pace interspersed with high speed bursts , while Liverpool preferred a more deliberate approach , keeping possession and making use of their wingers . Their various forms of marking also negated each other , Real man marked Liverpool 's best players such as Dalglish and Souness , while Liverpool were content for the nearest defender to mark the man on the ball . 
 Despite the tactical battle Liverpool were able to score in the 81st minute . A throw @-@ in from Ray Kennedy found Alan Kennedy , whose run up the left hand side of the pitch caught Real off @-@ guard . Kennedy went past Real defender Rafael García Cortés into the Real box , his subsequent shot beat the Real goalkeeper to give Liverpool the lead . Soon afterwards Liverpool replaced Dalglish with midfielder Jimmy Case in an attempt to see out the match . Although Liverpool had chances to extend their lead as Real went all out to score , Real keeper Agustín Rodríguez made a number of saves to keep his team in the game . The match remained 1 – 0 and Liverpool won their third European Cup , the first British club to do so . Liverpool 's victory meant that Bob Paisley became the first manager to win the European Cup three times . 
 
 = = = Details = = = 
 
 
 
 = Carre 's Grammar School = 
 
 Carre 's Grammar School is a selective secondary school for boys in Sleaford , a market town in Lincolnshire , England . Founded on 1 September 1604 by an indenture of Robert Carre , the school was funded by rents from farmland and run by a group of trustees . The indenture restricted the endowment to £ 20 without accounting for inflation , causing the school to decline during the 18th century and effectively close in 1816 . Revived by a decree from the Court of Chancery in 1830 , new buildings were constructed at its present site and the school re @-@ opened in 1835 . Faced with competition from cheaper commercial schools and declining rolls , Carre 's eventually added technical and artistic instruction to its Classical curriculum by affiliating with Kesteven County Council in 1895 . Following the Education Act 1944 , school fees were abolished and Carre 's became Voluntary Aided . New buildings were completed in 1966 to house the rising number of students . After plans for comprehensive education in Sleaford came to nothing in the 1970s and 1980s , Carre 's converted to grant @-@ maintained status in 1990 . Foundation status followed and the school became an Academy in 2011 ; a multi @-@ Academy trust with Kesteven and Sleaford High School was formed in 2015 . 
 Admission to Carre 's is through the eleven @-@ plus examination and entry is limited to boys in the lower school , although the Sixth Form is co @-@ educational . The total number of pupils on roll in 2013 was 817 , of which 240 were in the Sixth Form . Teaching follows the National Curriculum and pupils generally sit examinations for ten or eleven General Certificate of Secondary Education ( GCSE ) qualifications in Year Eleven ( aged 15 – 16 ) . They have a choice of three or four A @-@ levels in the sixth form , which is part of the Sleaford Joint Sixth Form consortium between Carre 's and St George 's Academy . Of the 2013 cohort , 100 % of pupils achieved at least five GCSEs at grade A * -C and 96 % achieved that including English and Maths GCSEs , the eighth highest percentage in Lincolnshire . An Office for Standards in Education , Children 's Services and Skills ( Ofsted ) inspection in 2013 graded Carre 's " good " overall with " outstanding " features . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = The first school = = = 
 
 Carre 's Grammar School was founded on 1 September 1604 by way of an indenture between Robert Carre , a member of the Carr or Carre family , and several local gentlemen . Carre granted 100 acres of agricultural land in Gedney to these men , who held the land in trust as feoffees . The lands were estimated to be worth £ 40 per annum and the indenture stipulated that £ 20 of this would be paid to the school master , while the remainder would be for the benefit of the town 's poor . The indenture stated that the school was to provide for " the better education of the Youth and Children born or inhabiting with their parents within New Sleaford , Old Sleaford , Aswarby , and Holdingham ... and in Quarrington , North Rauceby , South Rauceby , Anwick , Kirkby La Thorpe and Evedon . " It is not known whether there was any other school in the town prior to the foundation of Carre 's , although the indenture appointed Anthony Brown , already a schoolmaster , as the master ; it thus seems likely that Carre already operated a school and his indenture codified pre @-@ existing arrangements . 
 Throughout the 1620s the trustees reported problems receiving rents from the tenants in Gedney . Although the school received a bequest from a local gentleman , Robert Cammock , in 1631 , which provided an additional income of £ 4 per annum , no more followed ; the English Civil War also disrupted funding : rents were not collected between 1644 and 1646 . These financial problems were compounded by the nature of the land itself : it was agricultural and not urban , thus it did not increase in value significantly in the 17th century . Carre 's lagged behind other schools and its buildings fell into disrepair as the fixed endowment failed to keep up with inflation ( despite the Gedney lands increasing in value to £ 180 by the early 19th century ) . In 1783 , the foeffees ( by then , often called trustees ) spent £ 50 on improvements , but by 1794 , the adjacent Carre 's Hospital agreed that part of its building be pulled down to make way for a new schoolhouse . This did not materialise and pupils were taught in the vestry at St Denys ' Church by the early 19th century . In 1816 , the trustees discontinued the master 's salary because there were " no duties to perform " at the school . 
 
 = = = Revival , stagnation and modernisation = = = 
 
 The trustees met in 1821 and agreed that " much good " could come from reviving the school . In 1828 they petitioned the Court of Chancery for a scheme , which was approved in 1830 , providing the master with a salary of £ 80 per annum . Four years later , the Chancery agreed to fund the rebuilding of the school at a site on Northgate . With the buildings complete , the school reopened on 1 August 1835 . 
 Carre 's maintained roughly 20 pupils on roll throughout the 1840s , but by 1858 , this had fallen to two free scholars and two boarders . When the charity commissioners inspected the school the following year , they recommended that an usher be appointed to teach " commercial education " to supplement the Classics . In 1869 the Schools Enquiry Commission reported a " general dissatisfaction in the town " towards the school , finding " indifferent " discipline along with poor spelling , an inability to decline simple Latin nouns , and a low @-@ level of arithmetic . According to the report , the " general wish in the town is for a commercial school " . Competition soon arose in the form of Mr Boyer 's academy and later E. R. Dibben 's commercial school at Mount Pleasant , Sleaford . Although the trustees were reorganised in 1876 , Britain 's agriculture suffered from foreign competition in the 1880s , which contributed to a decline in the rolls ; a subsequent reduction of fees in 1889 proved ineffective and only twelve boys were in attendance the following year . 
 The Commissioner of Inquiries suggested that Kesteven County Council could support the teaching of art , modern languages and technical and scientific subjects through the Local Taxation Act 1890 . In 1895 the governors agreed to affiliate with the Council , which granted them £ 35 . The headmaster , Samuel Brown , appointed an assistant master and his wife was employed to teach art . The numbers rose so that in 1897 there were 33 pupils on roll , and the Committee granted a further £ 400 to pay for new accommodation and resources . The Governors , however , applied for £ 1 @,@ 500 to build a new school entirely but the Council wanted it to be coeducational , which caused a lengthy stalemate . The demand for a coeducational school disappeared in 1902 when Sleaford and Kesteven High School for Girls opened as a private venture and so in 1904 a new building opened at Carre 's , financed in part by the sale of the Gedney lands , while boarding accommodation followed in 1906 . Following the Education Act 1902 , Carre 's received an allocation of £ 200 per pupil from the Board of Education , plus local authority assistance made in return for admitting pupils from local elementary schools . From 1919 , elementary school pupils sat the entrance exam each term and those who passed were allocated the places which remained after fee @-@ paying students had enrolled . 
 
 = = = Post @-@ war expansion and the comprehensive debate = = = 
 
 The Education Act 1944 made secondary education available to all children up to the age of 15 and abolished fees for state @-@ schooling ; a ' tripartite system ' of secondary schools was established to provide curricula based on aptitude and ability : grammar schools for " academic " pupils , secondary moderns for practical studies , and technical schools for science and engineering . Pupils were allocated to them depending on their score in the eleven @-@ plus examination . Carre 's became a Voluntary Controlled Grammar School ; from 1945 all entry was by the County Selection Examination . By 1955 , the school had 330 pupils on roll and the need for new accommodation was met in the 1950s and 1960s by a major building programme at the Northgate site ; completed in 1966 , this added dedicated classroom blocks , a canteen and hall . 
 The educational opportunities for secondary modern pupils were limited compared to those at grammar schools , prompting criticism of the Tripartite system . In 1965 , the Labour Government issued Circular 10 / 65 requesting Local Education Authorities implement comprehensive schooling . In 1971 Sleaford parents voted in favour of comprehensive education , but rejected the Council 's proposals . A new plan which envisaged Carre 's becoming a sixth form college was supported by parents in a vote ( 1 @,@ 199 to 628 ) , albeit with a 50 % turnout ; the County Council approved it but allowed governors a veto . Following negotiations with governors at Carre 's , the scheme was revised so that Carre 's would be an 11 – 18 school and adsorb Sleaford Secondary Modern 's Church Lane site . Despite support from most staff and all three headteachers , Lincolnshire County Council voted to return the scheme for consultation in 1975 . A new system was proposed which retained all three schools , and when the Government ordered the Council to choose a comprehensive scheme in 1977 it submitted that proposal , which had become popular with parents . The next year the government dismissed it on grounds that the Sixth Forms would be too small , but the council voted against the two @-@ school system once more . 
 
 = = = Grant @-@ maintained status and Academy conversion = = = 
 
 The 1979 general election brought a Conservative government to power and allowed the Council to shift its focus towards retaining Grammar Schools where they still existed and improving schools where work had been put on hold during the comprehensive debate ; despite 90 % of English councils adopting comprehensive education , Lincolnshire had retained its grammar schools . Although the County Council began discussing the abolition of them again in 1985 , opposition from parents at a public consultation in 1987 resulted in the plans being dropped . With the question of its future resolved , Carre 's applied for grant @-@ maintained status in 1989 ; the Education Secretary approved the proposals and formally granted the status in September 1990 . When grant @-@ maintained status was abolished in 1999 , Carre 's became a Foundation School . Following a successful bid to the DfES , submitted in October 2002 , the school was granted specialist Sports College status in 2003 . An all @-@ weather pitch was laid out in 2007 , and a new technology building with a fitness suite opened in 2011 . In 2009 , Carre 's became a specialist Science College and a lead school for gifted and talented students . The school converted to Academy status in August 2011 . In 2014 , the governors announced their intention to bid for conversion to a multi @-@ Academy trust and become a coeducational , selective school on a new site ; in February 2015 , Kesteven and Sleaford High School announced its intention to join the proposed trust , a moved welcomed by Carre 's . Carre 's officially became part of the Robert Carre Multi @-@ Academy Trust on 1 September 2015 ; the schools continue to operate on their sites , sharing staff and facilities . 
 
 = = School structure = = 
 
 Carre 's is a state @-@ run selective grammar school . It converted to an Academy and reopened on 1 August 2011 ; it is governed by Carre 's Grammar School Academy Trust and converted without sponsorship . As of 2015 , the student body is made up of 815 pupils aged 11 – 18 . The school admits boys on a selective basis for years 7 – 11 and has a co @-@ educational Sixth Form ; there are 60 girls on roll as of 2015 . The majority of pupils come from White British backgrounds and very few pupils speak English as an additional language . The number of pupils supported through allowances , including those eligible for free school meals ( 2 @.@ 3 % ) , is below average , as is the number of students with learning disabilities . Pupils are allocated into houses based on their forms . The first house system at Carre 's consisted of four sets : scarlet , maroon , green and blue . They became houses in 1933 as Carre , Bristol , Lafford and Welby , named respectively after its founder , the Earls of Bristol , an old name for Sleaford , and Richard Welby , who owned the Gedney lands purchased by Carre . 
 Admission to the school is through the eleven @-@ plus examination , taken in year 6 . Pupils must obtain a minimum score before their application will be considered and places will be awarded based on whether the child is in public care , whether he lives in the catchment area and attends a partnered primary school , and whether they have siblings attending the school or parents working there . In the event of a tie , places will be allocated based on proximity to the school . The school has a maximum annual intake of 116 at the start of year 7 ( aged 11 ) ; pupils are arranged into forms of no more than 30 , where registration takes place . Their form tutors provide access to pastoral support , overseen by their Key Stage Manager . In 2013 the lower school had approximately 577 pupils on roll . The school uniform consists of a black blazer with the school badge embroidered on the breast pocket and a red braid on each pocket . Charcoal or black trousers are worn along with a white shirt and school tie . 
 The vast majority of pupils at Carre 's continue on to the Sixth Form , and there were 240 students on roll in 2013 . Along with St George 's Academy , Carre 's is part of the Sleaford Joint Sixth Form , which was founded in 1983 and included Kesteven and Sleaford High School until it withdrew in 2010 . It provides a common timetable across both sites and allows for pupils to choose from A @-@ Level options offered at both schools . Pupils may apply to be based at either school , where their pastoral and tutorial activities take place . There are entry requirements based on GCSE attainment . Sixth Formers can be selected to be prefects , who have responsibilities around the school under the supervision of staff ; they are headed by a Head Boy and Girl . The students are required to wear business @-@ dress ; for males , this consists of a dark suit , a " non @-@ vivid " shirt and the school 's sixth form tie ; females must dress in " smart business wear " . 
 
 = = Curriculum = = 
 
 The curriculum during the 17th and 18th centuries is not known for certain . In 1714 the trustees agreed that the pupils should attend church services at St Denys ' Church six days a week ; whether this was adhered to is not clear . Religious practice was a stipulation in the 1835 decree , which required pupils to pray at the start and end of each day and engage in daily readings of holy scriptures . However , the emphasis was always on classical education , which likely required instruction in Latin from the earliest times ; in 1835 , learning the classics was enshrined as the school 's primary purpose . In the mid @-@ 19th century , Carre 's offered this classical education for free , but arithmetic , geometry and algebra were taught as extras at a rate of two guineas per term . Students were enrolled from the age of eight , and were expected to be able to read , write , recite the Lord 's Prayer , the Apostles ' Creed and the Ten Commandments , and " be qualified to begin Latin grammar " . Students had to supply their own equipment , except pens and ink , which were covered by a 10 shilling payment made each term to the school . The school 's inspection in 1865 mentions geography and history teaching , although the general standard of attainment was low . 
 In 1876 , the curriculum was widened so that it comprised reading , writing , arithmetic , English , mathematics , history , geography , Latin , a foreign language , music , natural science and drawing , with Greek as an optional extra . The County Council supported technical and commercial subjects in the late 19th century , but after 1904 it was empowered to support secondary education in general , allowing Latin and other classical components of the curriculum to remain intact . After World War I , sixth form courses were developed allowing students to commence advanced studies in the arts and sciences . By the 1950s , a wide range were available : English language and literature , mathematics , French , German , Latin , Greek , art , history , geography , physics , chemistry and woodwork ; biology was taught at Kesteven and Sleaford High School . 
 
 = = = Key Stages 3 and 4 = = = 
 
 As of 2014 , the school follows the National Curriculum in years 7 – 11 and offers a range of GCSEs ( national exams taken by students aged 14 – 16 ) and A @-@ levels ( national exams taken by pupils aged 16 – 18 ) . The school has no affiliation with a particular religious denomination , but religious education is given throughout the school , and boys may opt to take the subject as part of their GCSE course . Although morning assemblies take place and are Christian in nature , they are non @-@ denominational . Students participate in a number of educational visits and excursions throughout their school career and year 11 students are offered the opportunity to participate in a work experience programme . The curriculum comprises English and drama , mathematics , French , history , geography , science , art , music , design and technology , information communications technology ( I.C.T. ) , ethics and philosophy ( religious education ) , physical education ( P.E. ) , cookery , and citizenship , sex and relationships education ; in Key Stage 4 ( years 10 and 11 ) , pupils also participate in careers and work @-@ related learning . In mathematics , students are divided by their ability into two bands . Science is divided into Biology , Chemistry and Physics in year 9 . In the second year German or Spanish is added . The use of information technology is central to all teaching and is taught as a subject in Key Stage 3 ; in year 9 , all students study for the European Computer Driving Licence , a level 2 course in I.C.T. and pupils may opt to take Computing as a GCSE . 
 Boys usually take nine or ten subjects for GCSE : English ( language and literature ) , mathematics , a foreign language , all three separate sciences or Dual Certificate Science , as well as three other subjects from those listed above as well as business studies , with technology being divided into separate courses for Resistant Materials , Graphics , Electronics and Engineering ; Mandarin is also available as an optional extra subject , but is studied after school . 
 
 = = = Sixth Form = = = 
 
 Carre 's and St. George 's Academy operate the Sleaford Joint Sixth Form , which shares a common timetable between the two sites and allows for students to choose from a wide range of options at A @-@ Level . Students may choose to apply to be based at either school , where their pastoral and tutorial activities will take place . The Sixth Form , including Carre 's , is co @-@ educational . The majority of students take four A @-@ levels subjects in year 12 , with most choosing to focus on three in year 13 . The Joint Sixth Form allows students to choose from a range of 65 optional vocational or academic subjects including : art and photography ( separate A @-@ Level or BTEC options ) , applied Science , biology , bricklaying , business ( A @-@ Level or BTEC ) , childcare , carpentry , chemistry , computing or ICT ( A @-@ Level or BTEC ) , drama or performing arts ( A @-@ Level or BTEC ) , electronics , engineering , English ( language and / or literature ) , film or media studies , French , German , geography , government and politics , health and social care , history , hospitality and catering , law , mathematics and further mathematics , music ( A @-@ Level or BTEC ) , philosophy and ethics , psychology , physical education or sport ( A @-@ Level or BTEC ) , physics , product Design , public Services , light vehicle maintenance , Spanish , sociology , travel and tourism , and work skills . In addition , students may participate in General Studies at A @-@ Level , and a range of extra @-@ curricular activities , including the Duke of Edinburgh Award scheme . 
 
 = = = Examinations = = = 
 
 In 2013 , 100 % of pupils achieved at least five GCSEs at grade A * – C and 96 % achieved that including English and Maths GCSEs , the eighth highest percentage in Lincolnshire . Figures for the 2010 / 11 cohort show that 86 % of Key Stage 4 pupils at the school carried on to the Sixth Form . At A @-@ Level , 85 % of pupils in 2013 attained three A @-@ Levels at grades A * – E and 11 % achieved three A @-@ Levels at grades AAB including at least two " facilitating subjects " ; the average point score per qualification was 201 @.@ 7 , equating to a C- grade , and the average point score per student was 823 @.@ 1 . The Sunday Times ranked Carre 's 101st ( 49th amongst state schools ) in the Midlands and 750th nationally based on A @-@ Level and GCSE performance in 2012 ; it recorded that 48 @.@ 7 % of A @-@ Levels were at A * – B grade and 42 @.@ 5 % of GCSE grades were at A * or A. 
 
 = = Extra @-@ curricular activities = = 
 
 As of 2014 , school clubs and societies include various language clubs , sport clubs , musical activities and many others . Students may participate in the Duke of Edinburgh 's Award Scheme , beginning with the Bronze grade in year 10 . Musical opportunities include participating in the school band and the choir , the guitar club and the Music Theory support group ; the school band has performed at the Lincolnshire Show and music students have taken part in the Lincolnshire School ’ s Prom in Skegness . In the past , Carre 's has offered a range of clubs and societies , including ones for archaeology , aero @-@ building , bird @-@ watching , boxing , chess , cycling , drama , languages , geography , jazz and other music groups , a choir and orchestra , and student voice groups , like the student council . The first school play performed by the Dramatic Society was She Stoops to Conquer in 1938 . Trips to see plays , a Play Reading Society and a new dramatic society were formed under the guidance of the English master A. D. Winterburn . In 1968 , plays were performed jointly with Kesteven and Sleaford High School . At the end of World War I , a cadet corps as formed by one Captain Price and became part of the Army Cadet Corps under the War Office ; attendance at weekly parades was compulsory for pupils over 13 in the 1920s . Most pupils took part in its activities in World War II , under the lead of the History teacher , Major W. H. T. Walker ; this included athletics competitions , shooting practice and trips to camp sites . It disbanded in c . 1963 when the two staff who ran it retired . 
 
 = = = Sport = = = 
 
 As with the curriculum , there are no references to sports being played at Carre 's before the 19th century . In 1835 , the Marquis of Bristol allowed the school to use an acre of land , which probably functioned as a playground . Sports fields were not added to the grounds until 1908 , but the earliest reports of the school participating in sporting events pre @-@ date this by half a century . In the 1860s , the Sleaford Gazette reported on cricket matches with local schools , namely the rival academies run by Mr Boyer and Mr Dibben in Sleaford ; by the 1890s , these matches were being organised with more distant schools , like the grammar school at Grantham . Athletics were practised at the school as early as 1871 when a sports day was held ; the 100 yards and half a mile races , hurdles , the pole jump and throwing the cricket ball were activities in which forms competed . Football was played at the school as early as 1895 . Glebe land was acquired in 1908 for sporting purposes and levelled in the early 1930s . A cycling club was formed in the 1940s and badminton was informally organised by pupils by the 1950s ; between 1957 and 1960 , a portion of land was converted into tennis courts for the school and rugby was introduced in the 1966 – 67 academic year . 
 In 2014 – 15 , the school pitched football , rugby union , basketball , cricket , golf and netball teams . In football , the under 12 , 13 , 14 and 15 football teams won the Kesteven and Sleaford District leagues in 2013 / 14 , while the under 13 and 14 teams won the Lincolnshire Schools ' Cup . In rugby , the under 14 team was county champions for the same season and the school competes on a national level . 
 
 = = Site and property = = 
 
 The original location of Carre 's School is not known . From 1653 , it operated in buildings on Eastgate , adjacent to Carre 's Hospital . After these fell into disrepair in the late 18th century , pupils were taught in the vestry of St Denys ' Church until the school was closed in 1816 . In 1826 , the trustees purchased a house on Northgate at the cost of £ 545 3s. from one Mr Squires . In 1834 , the Chancery Court agreed to fund the rebuilding of the school according to plans by the Sleaford architect and builder Charles Kirk , who constructed it at a cost £ 1 @,@ 168 15s . The building is in the Tudor Gothic style and built in Ashlar stone with slate roofs . It has three stories of three bays , with the upper floor housed in two gables . A shield with the arms of the Marquis of Bristol and his wife are located above the four @-@ centre arch doorway . One storey wings exist on either side in a similar style . Brick additions were made in 1904 and 1906 . 
 As the school roll grew , the old buildings became too small . A major building programme began in the 1950s : £ 128 @,@ 000 was set aside to rehouse the school in purpose @-@ built facilities adjacent to the existing school @-@ houses . The first phase was opened in 1956 and included art and handicraft rooms ; the second phase was completed in 1958 when physics and chemistry rooms were added ; and the third came in 1965 with the opening of new biology and general science laboratories alongside other classrooms , while the following year saw a new hall / canteen and kitchen open . The final phase consisted of eight further rooms , built shortly afterwards . 
 A grant of £ 650 @,@ 000 funded the construction of a technology centre with a computer suite , which opened in January 1993 . Plans for a new sports hall were first discussed in 1990 , but they only came to fruition in 1996 , when Northgate Sports Hall opened . The Sports Council and the Foundation for Sport and the Arts donated £ 250 @,@ 000 towards its construction ; this was matched by North Kesteven District Council , while Carre 's raised £ 50 @,@ 000 towards the building work . An all @-@ weather pitch at the school opened in 2007 ; it cost £ 649 @,@ 000 to lay , half of which was met by the Football Foundation . A building programme costing £ 835 @,@ 000 provided the school with food technology facilities and a two @-@ storey Fitness Suite , which were opened in March 2011 . 
 
 = = Headmasters = = 
 
 The indenture of 1604 made it compulsory that the master be a graduate of the University of Cambridge or Oxford and the majority of the pre @-@ 1835 masters had attended Cambridge , with only two from Oxford . When the school reopened in 1835 , these stipulations were removed . The headmaster lived on site until Derek Lee began commuting from his home in 1975 . The list below contains the names , years of service and biographical notes about the known headmasters of Carre 's since its foundation . The current headmaster is Nick Law , who succeeded Mike Reading in 2008 . 
 Source : Ellis 1954 , pp. 40 – 41 , 43 provides a list of all masters , and a record of their education , up to 1954 . He notes that W. H. T. Walker and J. H. Batley acted as headmaster between appointments in the 1940s . Appointments from 1954 to 2004 are recorded in Harmston & Hoare 2003 , pp. 154 , 159 , 160 , 171 , 179 . 
 
 = = Notable former pupils = = 
 
 Carre 's has produced a number of notable alumni in a range of fields and professions . In politics , this includes Sir Robert Pattinson ( 1872 – 1954 ) , Member of Parliament and Chairman of Kesteven County Council , and his brother Samuel ( 1870 – 1942 ) , also a Member of Parliament and businessman . The diplomat Peter Bateman ( b . 1955 ) , who served as the British Ambassador to Bolivia , Luxembourg and Azerbaijan , was also a pupil at the school . Carrensians in the military include Air Marshal Barry North ( b . 1959 ) and Captain George Baldwin CBE DSO ( 1921 – 2005 ) , who served in World War II and as Director of Naval Air Warfare in the mid @-@ 1960s . The lawyer and controversialist John Austin ( 1613 – 1669 ) was educated at Carre 's , along with the Royalist poet Thomas Shipman ( 1632 – 1680 ) and the non @-@ conformist clergyman Andrew Kippis FRS ( 1725 – 1795 ) . Science is represented by the chemist Kenneth Wade FRS ( 1932 – 2014 ) , a professor at Durham University and the forensic pathologist Iain West ( 1944 – 2001 ) . In sports , the school has produced at least two professional footballers : Paul Holland ( b . 1973 ) , who played for Mansfield Town , Sheffield United , Chesterfield and Bristol City , and Mark Wallington ( b . 1952 ) , who played for England under 23s and Leicester City . 
 
 
 = Don 't You Wanna Stay = 
 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " is a duet recorded by American singers Jason Aldean and Kelly Clarkson from Aldean 's 2010 album , My Kinda Party . It was also included in the deluxe edition of Clarkson 's 2011 album Stronger . " It was written by Andy Gibson , Paul Jenkins and Jason Sellers . After Aldean and Clarkson performed the song together on the 44th annual Country Music Association Awards on November 10 , 2010 , it was released as the second single due to strong demands of radio stations on the following day . The song contains elements of country and pop , and its lyrics speak of the difficulties of finding and maintaining love . 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " was met with generally favorable reviews by critics who considered the song as " a classic power ballad " . Critics also lauded the interesting combination between Aldean 's and Clarkson 's voices . The song enjoyed commercial success in United States , peaking at number one on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and at number 31 on the Billboard Hot 100 . It became Aldean 's fifth number one single and Clarkson 's first number one single on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and was certified double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America ( RIAA ) . Both Aldean and Clarkson performed the song on several occasions . Footage from the Country Music Association award performance were used to comprise a music video for " Don 't You Wanna Stay " , directed by Paul Miller . The song was nominated for " Best Country Duo / Group Performance " at the 54th Grammy Awards , but lost to " Barton Hollow " by The Civil Wars . 
 
 = = Background and release = = 
 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " was written by Andy Gibson , Paul Jenkins and Jason Sellers . According to Sellers , they were at Jenkins ' house when they started composing the song . He explained , " We just wanted to write a love song . We had an idea of what we were targeting . We didn ’ t write it as a duet . We wrote it , and Andy thought about recording it . After we got the song written , we played it for Jason . Jason Aldean 's idea for it was to make it a duet . " The song is the first duet that Aldean has recorded . In an interview with Nashville.com , Aldean revealed that the song was not originally presented to him as a duet . Nevertheless , he and producer Michael Knox thought the lyrics would work for two people if he could find a female artist as a duet partner . Aldean considered a number of female vocalists to record the song with , especially Kelly Clarkson and Carrie Underwood . However , Clarkson remained as his first choice . He explained , 
 " We had the song pitched to us and originally it wasn ’ t a duet . The more I was listening to the thing and learning the song , I realized it set itself up to be a duet if we wanted to go that route . When I called my producer about it he asked who I wanted to sing it with me and I said Kelly Clarkson , but I didn ’ t think we ’ d be able to get her . I ’ ve always been a big fan of hers . I love her voice and I love her style . Long story short , we got her a copy of the song and she loved it . As soon as she started singing , it became obvious it was going to be great . " 
 On November 10 , 2010 , " Don 't You Wanna Stay " was performed live for the first time by Aldean with Clarkson on the 44th Country Music Association Awards . The performance triggered an overwhelming demand from radio stations across the country . As a result , Aldean ’ s label , Broken Bow Records , made the song available on PLAY MPE . Carson James , the label 's Senior Vice President for Promotion responded , 
 " If there ’ s one thing I ’ ve learned in my years in the record business , it is always give radio what they want [ ... ] Our entire promotion staff has spent all night fielding calls and returning texts about getting this song , so we decided it best to release it on Play MPE first thing this morning . " 
 The song was later included on the deluxe edition of Clarkson 's fifth studio album , Stronger , in 2011 . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " is a country pop song with a length of four minutes and sixteen seconds . It incorporates melancholic guitar riff which is accompanied by classical elements such as violin . John Hill of About.com considered the song as a " classic power ballad " , writing " whether you want to call the song country , pop , or something in between doesn 't matter because the chorus is so catchy that it doesn 't matter if you use an electric guitar or a steel guitar . " It is set in common time and has a steady tempo of 72 beats per minute . It is written in the key of G @-@ sharp minor and both Aldean and Clarkson 's vocals span two octaves , from A ♯ 3 to G ♯ 5 . It follows the chord progression G ♯ m – E – B. Bob Peacock of Roughstock thought that the structure of the song was interesting with its brief four @-@ line verses and " don 't you wanna stay 's throughout the chorus . As the chorus of the song starts in , the sound of electric and slide guitars are prominent as Aldean and Clarkson sing , " Don 't you wanna hold each other tight / Don 't you wanna fall asleep with me tonight ? " 
 Lyrically , the song narrates the difficulties of finding and maintaining love . Cristin Maher of Taste of Country contended that the song exemplifies the desire some people have when they want to make the move from a physical relationship to an emotional relationship , which is represented by the song lyrics " Let ’ s take it slow , I don ’ t want to move too fast / I don ’ t wanna just make love , I wanna make love last . " Gibson , one of the writers of the song , stated that the song does not contain a lot of flowery lyrics or sentiment . He added , " It ’ s just straight up what somebody would say to somebody they ’ d want to be with . " 
 
 = = Critical reception = = 
 
 The song has received generally positive reviews . Allison Stewart of The Washington Post called the song " great and gooey " , saying that it sounded like " Bryan Adams teaming with Heart in 1984 for a contribution to some alternate universe Footloose soundtrack . " Blake Boldt of Engine 145 gave the song a thumbs @-@ up , calling the song as " a dramatic affair that demonstrates how pop and country can intersect with each other and offer decent results . " He concluded his review by writing , " " Don 't You Wanna Stay " would be a suitable fit for a Foreigner or Whitesnake album , and , though nowhere near a classic , it ’ s an instant entrant into the " guilty pleasure " category . " Reviewing the album for Billboard , Gary Graff described the song as being part of an " array of such bittersweet , emotionally ambivalent goodbye songs " . Bobby Peacock of Roughstock gave the song three @-@ and @-@ a @-@ half stars out of five and praised both Aldean and Clarkson 's fine voice , " making for an interesting combination : Jason 's rough , slightly nasal voice against Kelly 's cleaner , forceful tone . " In a different perspective , Kevin John Coyne of Country Universe graded the production of the song as " C " , lambasting the song for its musical element , writing " the sheer volume of noise that invades the track with the first chorus takes us straight into Monster Ballads territory . " He concluded his review by emphasizing that " this isn ’ t country music . It just isn ’ t . " On March 5 , 2013 Billboard ranked the song # 40 in its list of Top 100 American Idol Hits of All Time . 
 
 = = = Awards and nomination = = = 
 
 At the 2011 CMT Music Awards , " Don 't You Wanna Stay " was nominated for " Collaborative Video of the Year , " but lost to Justin Bieber 's " That Should Be Me " featuring Rascal Flatts ( 2010 ) . " Don 't You Wanna Stay " received nominations for two awards at the 45th Country Music Association Awards . The song received a nomination for the " Musical Event of the Year " and won the award ; it was also nominated for the " Single of the Year " but lost to The Band Perry 's " If I Die Young " ( 2010 ) . At the 54th Grammy Awards , the song received a nomination for " Best Country Duo / Group Performance " but lost to The Civil Wars ' " Barton Hollow " ( 2011 ) . " Don 't You Wanna Stay " won two awards of " Single by a Vocal Collaboration " and " Music Video by a Duo / Group / Collaboration " at the 2011 American Country Awards . The song won the awards of " Single of the Year " and " Vocal Event of the Year " at the 47th Academy of Country Music . 
 
 = = Commercial performance = = 
 
 Following the album release of My Kinda Party , " Don 't You Wanna Stay " debuted at number 59 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs as well as at number 93 on the Billboard Hot 100 on the week ending November 20 , 2010 . On its second week on Billboard Hot 100 , the song jumped to number 56 after Aldean and Clarkson performed the song at the Country Music Association awards . The song reached a new peak of number 31 in its 24th week on the chart after Aldean and Clarkson performed the song on American Idol . The song also debuted at number 17 on the Adult Contemporary on the week ending June 25 , 2011 . After impacting Adult Contemporary and Adult Pop Songs charts , the song re @-@ entered Billboard Hot 100 at number 48 in its 27th week on the chart . 
 On the week ending February 27 , 2011 , " Don 't You Wanna Stay " moved to number one on Billboard Hot Country Songs and stayed in the top position for three consecutive weeks . It became Aldean 's fifth number one hit and Clarkson 's first number one hit on the chart . The accomplishment also made Clarkson as the third American Idol contestant to score a number one hit on the Billboard Hot Country Songs . The feat was first accomplished by Josh Gracin and followed by Carrie Underwood . 
 The song became the best @-@ selling country collaboration single in digital history in 2011 , until it was overtaken by Blake Shelton and Pistol Annies ' " Boys ' Round Here " in 2014 . It is Aldean 's second song to cross the 2 million mark , following " Dirt Road Anthem " in 2011 ; and Clarkson 's fourth song to cross the 2 million mark following " Since U Been Gone " in 2008 , " My Life Would Suck Without You " in 2009 , and " Stronger ( What Doesn 't Kill You ) " in 2012 . As of June 2014 , the song has sold 2 @,@ 479 @,@ 000 copies in the US . 
 
 = = Live performances and usage in media = = 
 
 On November 10 , 2010 , Aldean performed the song with Clarkson for the first time at the 44th annual Country Music Association Awards at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville , Tennessee . Despite receiving a standing ovation , their performance of the song in that event was graded as a " D " in the Los Angeles Times , noting that the song is " a ballad that turned into some oddly orchestrated ' 80s hair metal tune . It ’ s an easy slam , but this is " American Idol " bombast . " Aldean and Clarkson also performed the song on several other occasions . They sang the song on The Ellen DeGeneres Show on February 22 , 2011 . On April 14 , 2011 , they performed the song live on the tenth season of American Idol during the Top 8 results show . They later performed the song live during Country Music Association festival in Nashville , Tennessee on June 9 , 2011 . Aldean also performed the song on all venues of his concert tour , the My Kinda Party Tour , which started on January 21 , 2011 . During each performance , Clarkson is seen on a big screen behind Aldean , singing her part of the duet . He explained , 
 " We decided to go in and film her doing her thing [ ... ] so even though she wasn 't at the show , she could still be a part of the show . As big as that song is getting for us right now , it was definitely a song that we thought we had to have in the show . She cut a thing for us to use , and I cut a thing for her to use in her show if she wants to do that . It 's a cool way to have her be a part of the show even though she 's not going to be there every night . " 
 On February 12 , 2012 , both Aldean and Clarkson performed the song in front of a stage outfitted with giant clock innards at the 54th Grammy Awards . Todd Martens of Los Angeles Times thought that " the duo looked like they were on the set of " Hugo " . " As their performance neared its end , Aldean 's microphone suddenly went out . Sarah Wyland of Great American Country felt that Aldean was professional in handling the technical problem by continuing to sing the song with Clarkson . However , Natalie Maines , the lead vocalist of the Dixie Chicks , lambasted Aldean 's performance in her Twitter account , writing " Well the good thing about his mic going out is suddenly the song got a lot more in tune . " " Don 't You Wanna Stay " is also performed by Clarkson in her fourth headlining tour , the Stronger Tour ( 2012 ) . While Clarkson is performing the song , Aldean is seen on a big screen , singing his part of the duet . She also performed the song as a duet with Blake Shelton while touring at Nokia Theatre L.A. Live , Los Angeles . The song 's accompanying music video is composed of the live footage from the Country Music Association awards which was directed by Paul Miller . 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " was covered by Colton Dixon and Skylar Laine in the eleventh season of American Idol . Natalie Finn of E ! gave a mixed review of the pair 's performance , writing " Skylar handled Kelly Clarkson better than Colton played Jason Aldean on " Don 't You Wanna Stay , " but she 's the country girl , so it made sense . " Brian Mansfield of USA Today felt that the song was out of Dixon 's comfort zone and a little out of Laine 's range . Gil Kaufman of MTV remarked that the chemistry between the pair was more like cold fusion . Jennifer Still of Digital Spy said the performance " isn 't anything incredible " . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 Digital download 
 " Don 't You Wanna Stay " ( with Kelly Clarkson ) – 4 : 16 
 
 = = Charts and certifications = = 
 
 
 
 = Tropical Storm Domoina = 
 
 Severe Tropical Storm Domoina in 1984 caused 100 year floods in South Africa and record rainfall in Swaziland . The fourth named storm of the season , Domoina developed on January 16 off the northeast coast of Madagascar . With a ridge to the north , the storm tracked generally westward and later southwestward . On January 21 , Domoina struck eastern Madagascar , the third storm in six weeks to affect the nation ; collectively , the storms caused 42 deaths and $ 25 million in damage ( 1984 USD ) . After crossing the country , Domoina strengthened in the Mozambique Channel to peak 10 minute sustained winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) . On January 28 , the storm made landfall in southern Mozambique , and slowly weakened over land . Domoina crossed into Swaziland and later eastern South Africa before dissipating on February 2 . 
 In Mozambique , Domoina dropped heavy rainfall in the capital Maputo that accounted for 40 % of the annual total . Floods in the country destroyed over 50 small dams and left widespread crop damage just before the summer harvest . Later , the rains caused the worst flooding in over 20 years in Swaziland , which damaged or destroyed more than 100 bridges . Disrupted transport left areas isolated for several days . In South Africa , rainfall peaked at 950 mm ( 37 in ) , which flooded 29 river basins , notably the Pongola River which altered its course after the storm . Flooding caused the Pongolapoort Dam to reach 87 % of its capacity ; when waters were released to maintain the structural integrity , additional flooding occurred in Mozambique , forcing thousands to evacuate . Throughout the region , Domoina caused widespread flooding that damaged houses , roads , and crops , leaving about $ 199 million in damage . There were 242 deaths in southeastern Africa . 
 
 = = Meteorological history = = 
 
 In January and February 1984 , conditions were favorable for tropical cyclogenesis in the southwest Indian Ocean , including warmer than normal sea surface temperatures and an active monsoon trough . On January 16 , a spiral area of convection persisted off the northeast coast of Madagascar , associated with the intertropical convergence zone . That day , it organized enough to warrant a satellite @-@ based Dvorak rating of T2.5 , prompting the Réunion Meteorological Service to name it Domoina . Around that time , Météo @-@ France ( MFR ) estimated winds of about 65 km / h ( 40 mph ) . Domoina initially tracked to the west @-@ northwest , passing near Tromelin Island on January 18 . Around that time , the storm had begun moving to the southwest , and MFR estimated that it weakened to tropical depression status . On January 19 , the Joint Typhoon Warning Center ( JTWC ) began warning on Domoina , designating it Tropical Cyclone 14S . The same day , MFR again upgraded Domoina into a moderate tropical storm . On January 21 , the storm made landfall just south of Tamatave in southeastern Madagascar . 
 While crossing Madagascar on a westward trajectory , Domonia weakened ; JTWC estimated the winds decreased to 55 km / h ( 35 mph ) , after earlier estimating winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) before landfall . On January 23 , the storm emerged into the Mozambique Channel near Belo , and due to a ridge to the north , it resumed its southwest motion . Domoina executed two small loops off the western coast of Madagascar while progressing generally southwestward . On January 25 , MFR estimated that Domonia attained peak 10 minute sustained winds of 95 km / h ( 60 mph ) near Europa Island ; this made it a severe tropical storm . Two days later , the JTWC estimated peak 10 minute winds of 100 km / h ( 65 mph ) . Early on January 28 , Domonia made a second landfall on southeastern Mozambique near peak intensity . It slowly weakened over land while moving across southern Mozambique . The JTWC discontinued advisories on January 29 when the storm was near the border of Mozambique and Swaziland . The next day , Domonia crossed into Swaziland and subsequently into eastern South Africa , weakening into a tropical depression while passing near Durban . At around that time , the system was dissipating , although MFR continued tracking Domonia until February 2 , when it dissipated just offshore the east coast of South Africa . 
 
 = = Impact = = 
 
 Throughout its path , Domoina left thousands of people homeless , and caused widespread flooding due to drawing moisture from the Indian Ocean and the Mozambique channel . The rains led to rivers bursting their banks , which isolated tens of thousands of people . In the months before Domoina struck , dry conditions persisted across southeastern Africa . 
 Crossing Madagascar as a moderate tropical storm , Domoina dropped rainfall along its path , reaching 98 @.@ 8 mm ( 3 @.@ 89 in ) in Mahanoro on the east coast and 166 @.@ 8 mm ( 6 @.@ 57 in ) in Maintirano along the west coast , both over a period of 24 hours . In the latter city , a station recorded winds of 100 km / h ( 62 mph ) . The storm caused heavy damage in Marovoay , which was later affected by Cyclone Kamisy . Domoina was the third storm to strike the country in a six @-@ week period , after cyclones Andry and Caboto . The three storms collectively caused 42 deaths and $ 25 million in damage , much of it from crop damage . 
 As Domoina made its final landfall in Mozambique , it dropped heavy rainfall reaching 430 mm ( 17 in ) in the town of Goba over a five @-@ day period . Rainfall in the capital Maputo , reaching 300 mm ( 12 in ) over two days , was about 40 % of the annual total . After flooding occurred further south in South Africa , waters were released from the Pongolapoort Dam without warning . This caused many farmers to drown in southern Mozambique . Officials later advised residents along the Maputo River to evacuate to higher grounds , and thousands had to leave their houses . The storm flooded the Maputo , Umbeluzi , Incomati river basins , causing widespread power outages . The storm left the capital Maputo without clean water for several days after a pumping station was damaged , and the main harbor in the city was closed . Also in the city , the storm downed hundreds of trees , wrecked roofs , and damaged houses ; about 10 @,@ 000 people were left homeless nationwide . The storm damaged 28 pumping stations nationwide and destroyed over 50 small dams . Floods affected the railroad connecting Maputo to South Africa , disrupted the construction of a dam , and damaged portions of a bridge near Boane . Transport was disrupted in the northern and southern portion of the country . There was widespread crop damage in Mozambique , affecting 350 @,@ 000 farmers , and flooding about 250 @,@ 000 ha ( 620 @,@ 000 acres ) of fields . After an extended drought , many farmers had moved closer to river beds , making their fields more vulnerable . About 119 @,@ 000 tons of fruits , vegetables , and other crops were wrecked , consisting of much of the summer crop , and about 5 @,@ 000 cattle died . About 49 @,@ 000 people lost everything they owned . In the country , the storm caused 109 fatalities , and damage was estimated at $ 75 million . 
 Later , the storm dropped heavy rainfall in Swaziland , reaching 906 mm ( 35 @.@ 7 in ) at Piggs Peak ; there , rainfall reached 615 mm ( 24 @.@ 2 in ) in a one @-@ day period . These were the heaviest rainfall totals on record in the country . Described as the worst flooding in over 20 years , the precipitation increased levels along most rivers in the country , some of which rose 30 m ( 98 ft ) in a few hours . The floods washed out or damaged over 100 bridges , and two railways had cuts in their lines . The floods closed at least 20 major roads and the country 's primary airport . Most schools nationwide were also closed during the storm . There were initial difficulties in determining the extent of the damage due to cut communications and disrupted transportation . For several days , southeastern Swaziland was only accessible by air travel , while rural parts of the country lost access to fresh water . Thousands of livestock died during the storm , and thousands of acres of croplands were flooded . About 10 @,@ 000 citrus trees were destroyed , and crop damage was estimated at $ 2 @.@ 5 million . About 500 people were left homeless in the small nation , after many homes were damaged or destroyed . Schools and health clinics were also damaged . The storm 's high winds knocked down trees and power lines , leaving power outages . Overall damage was estimated at $ 54 million , of which $ 47 @.@ 5 million from infrastructure damage , and Domoina killed 73 people in the country . 
 While Domoina was moving through South Africa , it drew an area of moisture from the northeast , which produced heavy rainfall that peaked at 950 mm ( 37 in ) between Richards Bay and Sodwana Bay . Totals of over 700 mm ( 28 in ) were reported along the upper Umfolozi , Mkuze , Pongola and middle Usutu and Komati rivers , and along the upper and lower Ingwavuma river . Precipitation spread as far south as Durban , but did not penetrate far into the center of the country . An area of about 107 @,@ 000 km2 ( 41 @,@ 000 sq mi ) received 370 mm ( 15 in ) of rainfall . Along the Umfolozi River , a discharge rate of 16 @,@ 000 m ³ / s ( 565 @,@ 000 ft ³ / s ) was recorded , which was three times the rate of a 100 year flood . The river avulsed , or changed its course , near where it met with the Msunduzi River . High rains in the mountains caused the largest flood to date along the Pongola River . The floodplain downstream of the Pongolapoort Dam was inundated to where the Pongola met the Ututu River , which filled many pans – dry lakes – in the region . Along 29 river locations in eastern South Africa , river heights were estimated to have been 1 in 50 year events . The river flooding moved sediment along many banks , and in one location the sediment reached 10 km ( 6 @.@ 2 mi ) in length . Due to the widespread flooding and the remoteness of the worst affected areas , there were minimal measurements on the river flow along the Pongola , although above the Pongolapoort dam , levels reached 13 @,@ 000 m ³ / s ( 460 @,@ 000 ft ³ / s ) , which were 18 times higher than the previous record highest . There had been a planned release of water from the Pongolapoort Dam in March 1984 to provide adequate water to the floodplain , but Domoina prevented this from occurring . The dam had its highest hydrology on January 31 and reached 87 % of its capacity . Waters from the dam were released on February 2 to prevent the dam from exceeding capacity . With the future threat of Cyclone Imboa , dam levels continued to drop until returning to normal by February 16 , despite requests to hold the water to prevent further crop damage . 
 Near the South Africa border with Swaziland , flooding stranded about 80 @,@ 000 people on tribal lands . One road in the country was converted into a makeshift landing strip to allow helicopters and planes to drop off emergency supplies . A period of heavy rain flooded Umfolozi River , which destroyed a rail bridge near Mtubatuba and a bridge crossing highway N2 . The floods were so strong that they washed a boat from Lake St. Lucia to a point 16 km ( 9 @.@ 9 mi ) away . At the lake , the floods washed away a dredge and severely damaged a nearly @-@ finished canal from the lake to the Umfolozi River . Widespread crop damage occurred along the Umfolozi river plains after being covered by up to 1 m ( 3 @.@ 3 ft ) of sediment . The South African Weather Bureau considered Domoina as the " first tropical cyclone in recent history to have caused flooding and extensive damage . " Nationwide , the storm caused 60 deaths and damaged the properties of 500 @,@ 000 people , causing R100 million ( 1984 ZAR , $ 70 million 1984 USD ) . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 In Mozambique , workers assisted people in moving to higher grounds following flooding . Members of the Mozambique Red Cross helped distribute food and clothing to the affected residents , and planes helped drop off supplies to residents in isolated areas . 
 On January 31 , the government of Swaziland declared a state of emergency and requested assistance from the international community . South Africa provided two helicopters to the country to survey the affected areas . Various countries and United Nations agencies provided about $ 1 @.@ 01 million in cash and supplies to Swaziland . The United Nations Department of Humanitarian Affairs provided $ 20 @,@ 000 . The European Economic Community donated about $ 80 @,@ 000 to purchase tents and blankets . The Lutheran World Federation donated $ 20 @,@ 000 in cash , along with generators and blankets , while World Vision International sent $ 10 @,@ 000 in cash . Within a week , workers reopened most major roads to travel , and by February 24 , most roads were reopened . Workers also quickly restored the downed power lines . Relief items were distributed by both air and road in the weeks following the storm , coordinated by the Swaziland Red Cross and assisted by volunteer organizations . In part due to Domoina as well as the previously occurring drought , the economy of Swaziland stagnated through 1985 . 
 Following the storm in South Africa , workers restored the original course of the Umfolozi River after it had moved . Officials later purchased a new dredge to remove sediment from Lake St. Lucia , and the canal connecting the lake to the Umfolozi River was later finished . Local governments coordinated relief efforts in the country , including delivering food and providing shelter for those who lost their homes . The South African Red Cross provided food to storm victims , many of whom were beneficiaries of the food program during the extended drought . The South African government declared KwaZulu Natal as a disaster areas . The country 's military provided 25 helicopters to rescue flood victims and donated 3 @,@ 000 tents . The government later authorized $ 85 million to fund repairing damaged rails and roads . The American government donated $ 100 @,@ 000 to the country , mostly to purchase supplies . West Germany also donated about $ 231 @,@ 000 , mostly for the feeding program . 
 
 
 = Tales of Destiny 2 = 
 
 Tales of Destiny 2 ( Japanese : テイルズ オブ デスティニー 2 , Hepburn : Teiruzu Obu Desutinī Tsū ) is a Japanese role @-@ playing video game , co @-@ developed by Wolfteam and Telenet Japan , and published by Namco . It is the fourth main entry in the Tales series of video games , and a direct sequel to 1997 's Tales of Destiny . It released on PlayStation 2 ( PS2 ) in November 2002 in Japan , March 2003 in South Korea and August 2003 in China . The overseas versions were published by Sony Computer Entertainment . An updated port for the PlayStation Portable ( PSP ) , developed by Alfa System , was released in February 2007 , and March of the same year in South Korea . This version was published by Namco Bandai Games . Neither version has received a western release . 
 The story , set eighteen years after Destiny , follows Kyle Dunamis , the son of the previous game 's protagonists Stahn Aileron and Rutee Katrea . Shortly after meeting a mysterious girl named Reala while trying to save Rutee 's orphanage from bankruptcy , Kyle is drawn into conflict with Barbatos , a cruel warrior responsible for killing Stahn , and the machinations of Elraine , a religious leader seeking to bring peace to mankind . The gameplay uses two @-@ dimensional character sprites and backgrounds , and the battle system is a revamped version of the series ' trademark Linear Motion Battle System . 
 Development began after the release of Tales of Eternia in 2000 , taking approximately two years to complete , and was the last Tales game to be developed by the original Wolfteam before it became Namco Tales Studio . The scenario was handled by Japanese writing company Gekko , the characters were designed by Mutsumi Inomata , and the music was composed by Motoi Sakuraba and Shinji Tamura . The PSP port was made after a similar port of Eternia met with commercial success . It was a highly anticipated game , and Namco promoted it heavily in the months prior to release . The game sold over 700 @,@ 000 units by January 2003 , and received critical acclaim from both Japanese and western critics . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 Tales of Destiny 2 is a role @-@ playing video game featuring two @-@ dimensional ( 2D ) sprite characters navigating both 2D environments such as dungeons and towns , and a three @-@ dimensional overworld . The overworld features environmental effect such as fog . In towns found across the world , non @-@ playable characters provide both information relevant to the story and world , and provide items and equipment through shops ; merchants accept the Tales series currency , Gald , which can be obtained from battle or treasure chests on the dungeon and town maps . 
 Throughout the game , visiting certain individuals in towns will activate optional events and side @-@ quests . Prisons , sewers , forests and story @-@ centric locations serve as dungeon locales ; these areas are scattered with treasure chests containing rare items , some of which cannot be purchased in stores . Dungeons frequently contain puzzles and mazes , such as boxes that must be reoriented to form a bridge , which must be cleared to advance ; the " Sorcerer 's Ring " , a relic that shoots tiny plumes of fire , often plays a central role in puzzle resolution , along with the " Sorcerer 's Scope " , a tool that reveals hidden objects . Aspects of characters such as their current experience level , equipment and money levels , party organization , and assigned abilities . Cooking , a recurring series mechanic , is present : characters learn and cook various recipes using a selection of six ingredients which grant boons upon them such as restoring health . Optional voiced conversations between characters called Skits can be activated when they appear in random locations or after story events . Mini @-@ games within the world include acting as a waiter in a restaurant , and battle arenas where players fight against random enemies . 
 The game 's battle system is the series ' trademark Linear Motion Battle System ( LMBS ) , which places up to four playable characters on a 2D plain against enemies in real @-@ time combat similar to a beat ' em up . The version used in Destiny 2 is called the " Trust and Tactical LMBS " . When entering battle , the camera follows characters , zooming in and out depending on their distance from an enemy . During battle , one character is controlled at any one time , with the others being governed by the game 's artificial intelligence ( AI ) : the AI can be customized to behave in various ways , such as adjusting their aggression level , and balancing magical and physical attacks . In addition to real @-@ time commands given in battle , the player can issue commands to all characters by pulling up the battle menu and issuing commands . A character 's performance in battle is governed by their current level of Spirit Points ( SP ) : the more SP a character has , the higher their defensive and offensive abilities . A character 's health is represented by Health Points ( HP ) . Three types of attack are available and activated progressively depending on the number of hits an enemy has taken : a standard attack , named attacks called Artes , and special high @-@ damage attacks called Mystic Artes . At the end of each battle , its performance is assessed an given a Grade , which can sometimes trigger a bonus such as learning new skills . Some bonuses are also carried over into the next playthrough . In addition to the single @-@ player functions , a local multiplayer option is available , supporting up to four players : when additional controllers with players are connected to the system , AI functions for selected characters are disabled , switching to manual control . An auto @-@ battle option , which has the game 's AI controlling all characters during a fight , is also available . 
 
 = = Synopsis = = 
 
 
 = = = Setting = = = 
 
 Destiny 2 is set on an unnamed world that was struck by a comet 1000 years before , triggering a prolonged winter . Desperate for heat and energy , the people used a type of gemstone brought by the comet called Lens to create a floating city called Dycroft . The people of Dycroft eventually dominated the people below , which led to a conflict between the two realms known as the War of Heaven and Earth . Eventually , a team of defecting Dycroft scientists developed sentient weapons called Swordians that turned the tide of war in the surface people 's favor . This conflict reemerged eighteen years prior during the events of Tales of Destiny . The Swordians found new masters to wield them against Dycroft 's vengeful ruler , including Stahn Aileron , Rutee Katrea and Leon Magnus . Stahn 's group succeeds in restoring peace , but the world was damaged by Dycroft 's weapons , and Leon was killed after he betrayed the group . Destiny 2 begins eighteen years after the events of Tales of Destiny . 
 
 = = = Characters = = = 
 
 Kyle Dunamis ( カイル ・ デュナミス , Kairu Dyunamisu ) is the main protagonist of Destiny 2 . Kyle is very much like his father , Stahn , although Kyle remembers little of his father . His defining personality trait is an aversion towards peacefulness and boredom , always seeking out new things to try . Kyle is voiced by Jun Fukuyama . 
 Reala ( リアラ , Riara ) is the main female protagonist , appearing suddenly and holding an air of mystery . While she bears an overly @-@ strong sense of responsibility , she is also bright and highly inquisitive . She is one of the two avatars of the goddess Fortuna ( フォルトゥナ , Forutuna ) . Reala is voiced by Ryoka Yuzuki . 
 Loni Dunamis ( ロニ ・ デュナミス , Roni Dyunamisu ) is a young man raised alongside Kyle , being considered a brother by him . A member of the Atamoni Shindan , the military branch of the Order of Atamoni , he has a firm and steady personality that balances against Kyle 's hotheadedness . Loni is voiced by Toshihiko Seki . 
 Judas ( ジューダス , Jūdasu ) is a mysterious swordsman who appears before Kyle when the latter is in a pinch . A genius swordsman , he wears a beast skull as a mask to hide his face . His true identity is that of Leon Magnus . Judas is voiced by Hikaru Midorikawa . 
 Nanaly Fletch ( ナナリー ・ フレッチ , Nanarī Furetchi ) is a master archer who opposes the Order of Atamoni . In direct contrast to the Order , she believes that happiness should be won by people rather than given to them . Nanaly is voiced by Tomoko Kawakami . 
 Harold Belselius ( ハロルド ・ ベルセリオス , Harorudo Beruseriosu ) is a famous scientist , and the original creator of the Swordians . Something of a mad scientist , she shares Kyle 's love of adventure and has a passionate curiosity about the world . Harold is voiced by Akiko Hiramatsu . 
 Elrane ( エルレイン , Erurein ) is the main antagonist of Destiny 2 . Regarded as a living goddess due to her powers , she has an outwardly meek demeanor and espouses bringing happiness to all mankind . She is one of the two avatars of the goddess Fortuna . Elrane is voiced by Yoshiko Sakakibara . 
 Barbatos Goetia ( バルバトス ・ ゲーティア , Barubatosu Gētia ) is one of the primary antagonists of Destiny 2 . A veteran of the War of Heaven and Earth , he was forgotten by history and consequently holds a burning desire to be recognized . His chief traits are an intense desire to live and a callous disregard for others . Barbatos is voiced by Norio Wakamoto . 
 
 = = = Plot = = = 
 
 Kyle Dunamis , the adventurous son of Stahn and Rutee , lives at an orphanage run by Rutee . With the orphanage on the brink of bankruptcy , Kyle defies his mother to go on a quest to search for funds , together with his best friend Loni . Finding a giant Lens , a mysterious girl named Reala emerges from it , claiming to be in search of a hero . Believing that he should become a hero like his parents , he follows Reala so he can prove himself as such . Finding the Lens missing , officials from the Order of Atamoni arrest Kyle and Lori for its theft . They escape with the help of the masked swordsman Judas . After this , Kyle becomes embroiled in the attempts by a man named Barbatos Goetia to kill those who accompanied his parents , eventually learning that Barbatos also killed Stahn when Kyle was five . During his quest , a series of Lens thefts is orchestrated by Elrane , the Holy Woman of the Order of Atamoni who is capable of performing miracles using Lens and seeks to bring happiness to the world through uniting it under a single religion . 
 During a great theft of Lens , Elrane attacks the group directly , sending them ten years into the future . In this period , the world is beset by conflict between the Order of Atamoni and factions wanting independence from its control . During their travels there , they are joined by Nanaly Fletch . While in this time period , Reala becomes conflicted about who she is , and the group encounters a figure known as the Goddess Fortuna . During this encounter , it is revealed that Elrane and Reala are avatars of Fortuna , designed to save the world and bring happiness to humanity in different ways . Due to her unstable emotions , Reala accidentally transports Nanaly into their time . Feeling guilty because of this , Reala confronts Elrane alone and is captured . Traveling to the ship where the stolen Lens is stored , the group confront Barbatos and Elrane , successfully defeating them and saving Reala . During this confrontation , they learn that " Judas " is in fact the resurrected Leon , who was brought back to life by Elrane just as Barbatos was , but rebelled against her when he knew her full plan . 
 However , their efforts result in the destruction of the ship , and Reala uses the energy of the Lens to send them through time again . They appear in an alternate timeline where the War of Heaven and Earth was won by the underground dwellers , and Barbatos and Elrane are hailed as saviors . Traveling back to the time of the War , when the initial interference was caused , they ally with Harold Belselius to return history to its proper state . While they are successful and Barbatos is felled , Elrane continues to distort history in her favor . Confronting her one last time , she is defeated , then they are confronted by Fortuna . Defeating her , the group realize that the only way to correct the distorted timeline is to destroy the Lens that forms Fortuna 's life source , which will mean Reala will be erased from history . When Reala comes to terms with this and gives her blessing , Kyle destroys Fortuna 's Lens , which erases all the changes wrought by her agents and returns the timeline to its original state , sending everyone back to their original times and conditions . In the corrected timeline , Kyle , now raised and trained by both Stahn and Rutee , goes on a journey to the temple where he first met Reala . While her Lens is missing , Kyle 's strong will succeeds in bringing Reala back into existence and restoring his memories of her . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 Tales of Destiny 2 was co @-@ developed by Wolfteam and Telenet Japan . Development began after work had finished on Tales of Eternia , taking roughly two years to complete . During its early development , the staff consisted of thirty people : when in full development , a team of between sixty and a hundred worked on it . It was developed under the working title Tales of X. After Eternia was completed , the development team considered what to do next , whether a new standalone game or a sequel . As Destiny had a large amount of lore created for it and there were story possibilities for a next generation of characters , it was decided to make a sequel to Destiny . This would be the first direct sequel in the Tales series . Because of the state of the world as it would have evolved after the events of Destiny , it was decided to set the events eighteen years after them and focus on the son of Destiny 's protagonist . The key themes for the story were " fate " and " happiness " . For the story , the team wanted to effectively portray Kyle 's journey to becoming a hero . For this , they drew on themes of " learning from the teacher " as seen in films such as Star Wars and Raiders of the Lost Ark . To create the atmosphere , the team worked at balancing elements of reality and fantasy . The story and script was handled by Japanese scenario company Gekko . Two separate scripts were created for the main story and additional elements such as skits . Both scripts were quite large . 
 Character designs were created by Mutsumi Inomata . A key element of the designs was the variation of time periods many characters came from . To make the character sprites as close as possible to the original artwork , the team took Inomata 's artwork and turned them into 2D " dot @-@ by @-@ dot " sprite pictures . This gave the sprites roughly four times the detail of most environments . They then built the world around the sprites . The sprite details sometimes caused problems , as they would appear larger than the environments when the camera zoomed in . The animated cutscenes were created by anime company Production I.G. The game 's opening was the longest ever created for a Tales game up to that point . While many contemporary PS2 role @-@ playing games were being developed around three @-@ dimensional characters , Destiny 2 used two @-@ dimensional sprites for its characters . Part of the reason behind this was that the development team wanted to create the " ultimate 2D RPG " . As opposed to previous Tales games , where gameplay development was focused on the battle system , the development leads requested that the gameplay should be " waste @-@ free and strategic " . The Grade system and new skill customizing elements , later staples of the series , were also developed . The game 's artificial intelligence was markedly improved , the combat system was made both more elaborate and more user @-@ friendly , and health and magic systems were adjusted . The PlayStation 2 hardware enabled the expansion of mini @-@ games , the improvement of the game 's graphics , and the incorporation of advanced interactive elements on the world map . 
 
 = = = Audio = = = 
 
 The music was composed by regular series composers Motoi Sakuraba and Shinji Tamura . Sakuraba primarily worked on the battle themes and arrangements of previous themes , while Tamura handled selected boss battle tracks and created Reala 's theme . They were able to create more tracks with greater detail to them due to the expanded storage capacities of the PS2 . As with previous games , a licensed theme song was created by a Japanese artist for the game 's opening . For Destiny 2 , the theme song was " Key to My Heart " from the album Fairy Tale , by Japanese singer @-@ songwriter Mai Kuraki . Its lyrics were designed to " express the world " of Destiny 2 . Arrangements of " Key to My Heart " were featured in the soundtrack . Unlike previous Tales games , where voice work was recorded out of order , the voice work was recorded in order of the game 's events to add dramatic weight to the performances . This consequently created difficulties with scheduling and put an added strain on the actors . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 Destiny 2 was announced in February 2002 at a special conference about future developments and games for the platform . It was the first Tales title to receive a numbered designation in Japan . As with previous Tales games , it featured a characteristic genre name : " RPG to Release Destiny " ( 運命を解き放つRPG , Unmei wo tokihanatsu RPG ) . To promote the game , Namco created a themed PlayStation 2 memory card . In addition , a special competition was organized where the top @-@ tier prizes were copies of the script books for Destiny 2 autographed by the main characters ' voice actors . As a pre @-@ order bonus , a special limited edition DVD featuring interviews with the voice cast was created . In addition , a downloadable ring tone based on the theme song and screen displays featuring the main characters was created for mobile phones of the time and released in 2003 . The game was released on November 28 , 2002 in Japan . It was celebrated with an official launch event , featuring interviews with the production staff and cast . Destiny 2 would be the last Tales game developed by Wolfteam prior to its acquisition by Namco in 2003 and rebranding as Namco Tales Studio . 
 Destiny 2 was later ported to the PSP . Development began in 2005 , after the commercial success of Eternia 's PSP port . The port was developed by Alfa System , a frequent collaborator with the Tales team on spin @-@ off titles . The project was directed by Yoshito Higuchi , who had worked on Destiny 2 and became the director of the GameCube port of Tales of Symphonia . While the earlier port of Destiny made significant changes , the Destiny 2 port was meant to preserve and add onto the content of the original . Some of the adjustments included minor tweaks to gameplay , adjustments to fit the PSP 's control layout , and adjusting the graphics from 4 : 3 to 16 : 9 screen ratio . A new dungeon featuring added story elements was also created . It was released on February 15 , 2007 . 
 Outside Japan , Destiny 2 was released in China and South Korea by Sony Computer Entertainment in 2003 : the Korean version was released on March 27 , and the Chinese version was released on August 14 . The game was going to be part of a world tour by Sony Computer Entertainment to promote the next generation of role @-@ playing games , but the tensions between America and Iraq at the time and the consequent risks of a terrorist attack caused them to cancel the trip . Asked at the launch event whether an overseas version of the game was being developed , producer Makoto Yoshizumi said he was " not certain " . The PSP port was released in South Korea by Namco Bandai Games 's local branch on March 5 , 2007 . Neither the original nor the port has been released in the west , making it one of three mainline Tales titles to remain exclusive to Japan . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Namco had high expectations for Destiny 2 , anticipating sales of 600 @,@ 000 units . During its debut week , Destiny 2 reached the top of Japanese gaming sales charts : according to different sources , it sold between just over 498 @,@ 000 ( Famitsu ) and under 558 @,@ 000 ( Dengeki ) units . For the next three weeks , it remained in second place on the charts behind Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire , accumulating sales of over 603 @,@ 000 . By January 2003 , the game had sold over 702 @,@ 000 units , becoming the eighth best @-@ selling game within that period . The PlayStation 2 version of Tales of Destiny 2 has shipped 977 @,@ 000 copies worldwide as of December 2007 , being the second most successful title in the series at the time . The PSP version sold 73 @,@ 000 copies in its first week , ranking second in weekly video games sales . By the following week , it had dropped to # 25 . By the end of 2007 , the game had sold just under 115 @,@ 000 units , reached 146th place in the five hundred top @-@ selling games of the year . In South Korea , the game reached # 10 in the country 's gaming sales charts . Worldwide shipments of the port as recorded by Namco have reached 129 @,@ 000 units . 
 Famitsu Weekly found the story enjoyable , though noted that those who had played Destiny would get more enjoyment out of it , and praised the voice acting . They also found the gameplay and pacing enjoyable , positively noting the option to auto @-@ battle . The game ranked as the 89th all @-@ time favorite game in a 2006 Famitsu readers poll . Japanese website Game Impress Watch found the story impressive , citing its use of time travel and the continued use of Destiny 's world and lore . The gameplay , mini @-@ games and customization options was also generally praised , with the reviewer recommending the title to players of the series . RPGFan 's Woojin Lee was also positive , praising the gameplay despite the very high encounter rate , and was pleased that an auto @-@ battle option was included . One point that received a more mixed response was the game 's music , with the exception of the opening song . In a preview for IGN , David Smith was generally positive about the game . While he disliked the art style and its low @-@ tech look compared to its hardware , he found the gameplay enjoyable and the opening parts of the story fairly relatable . He ended by hoping that Namco would put the effort into localizing the title . 
 
 = = = Additional media = = = 
 
 Multiple print adaptations have been made of Destiny 2 : these include one three @-@ volume comic anthology , a serialized comic adaptation originally released through Square Enix 's Gangan Comics and later collected into five volumes , and an eight @-@ volume yonkoma comic , and a second single @-@ edition yonkoma . Novel adaptations include a novel focusing on Nanaly called Tales of Destiny 2 : The Amber Wind , and mutlple light novels that told segments of the story from the point of view of different characters , particularly Judas . An illustration book featuring Inomata 's artwork for the game was released in March 2005 . A five @-@ part CD Drama adaptation was also developed , following the events of the game . The five volumes were released between April and August 2003 , under the umbrella titled Tales of Destiny 2 Drama CD . 
 
 
 = In Bloom = 
 
 For the 2013 film of the same name , see In Bloom ( 2013 film ) 
 " In Bloom " is a song by American rock band Nirvana . Written by frontman Kurt Cobain , the song addresses people outside of the underground music community who did not understand the band 's message . 
 Nirvana made its first music video for an early version of " In Bloom " in 1990 ; however the song did not appear on a commercial release until the release of the group 's second album , Nevermind , in 1991 . " In Bloom " became the fourth and final single from the album in late 1992 . It was accompanied by a new music video which parodied musical performances of 1960s variety shows . The music video for " In Bloom " won Best Alternative Video at the MTV Video Music Awards in 1993 . 
 
 = = Background and recording = = 
 
 Nirvana first played the song the night before it was demoed . Bassist Krist Novoselic recalled that it " originally sounded like a Bad Brains song . Then Kurt turned it into a pop song " . Cobain went home and reworked the song , playing the revised version of it over the phone to Novoselic . The band recorded " In Bloom " with producer Butch Vig at Smart Studios in Madison , Wisconsin during April 1990 . The material recorded at Smart Studios was intended for the group 's second album for the independent record label Sub Pop . The song originally had a bridge section that Vig removed . Novoselic said that after the band recorded the song , Vig cut out the bridge from the 16 @-@ track master tape with a razor blade and threw it in the garbage . The songs from these sessions were placed on a demo tape that circulated amongst the music industry , generating interest in the group among major record labels . 
 After signing to DGC Records , Nirvana began recording its second album Nevermind in May 1991 . " In Bloom " was one of the first songs the band recorded during the album sessions at Sound City Studios in Van Nuys , California ; Vig thought it would be good to start recording a song previously recorded at Smart Studios . The arrangements for " In Bloom " and the other songs previously recorded with Vig in 1990 were largely unchanged ; the recently hired drummer Dave Grohl stayed mostly with what his predecessor Chad Channing had recorded , but added more power and precision to the recording . Cobain sang progressively " harder " during the recording of the song , which made it difficult for Vig to balance the volume levels between the verses and choruses . Vig recalled that he had to change the input level " on the fly " and hoped that Cobain would not " change the phrasing or do something different " while recording . 
 Cobain chose not to overdub a harmony vocal part during the Smart Studios sessions , possibly due to time constraints . During the Nevermind sessions , Vig had Grohl sing harmonies on the song . Grohl had difficulty hitting the proper notes , but ultimately was able to sing what Vig wanted . Vig often had to trick Cobain , who was averse to performing multiple takes , into recording additional takes for overdubs on the record . The producer convinced Cobain to double @-@ track his vocals on " In Bloom " by telling him , " John Lennon did it . " After doubling Cobain 's vocals , Vig decided he might as well double Grohl 's and had the drummer record an additional track of backing harmonies . 
 
 = = Composition = = 
 
 Like many Nirvana songs , " In Bloom " shifts back and forth between quiet verses and loud choruses . Cobain uses a Mesa Boogie guitar amplifier for the verses , and during the chorus he switches to a Fender Bassman amp ( suggested by Vig ) for a heavier , double @-@ tracked fuzztone sound . The rhythm section of Novoselic and Grohl kept its parts simple ; Grohl stated it was " an unspoken rule " to avoid unnecessary drum fills , while Novoselic said he felt his role was about " serving the song " . During the choruses , vocalist Cobain and drummer Grohl harmonize while singing " He 's the one / Who likes all our pretty songs / And he likes to sing along / And he likes to shoot his gun / But he knows not what it means " . The song 's intro reappears at the end of each chorus . 
 Cobain 's lyrics address the people outside of the underground music scene that began showing up at Nirvana shows after the release of the group 's debut album Bleach . Nirvana biographer Michael Azerrad wrote , " But remarkably , [ the song 's lyrics ] translated even better to the mass popularity the band enjoyed . " Regarding the song 's chorus , Azerrad commented , " The brilliant irony is that the tune is so catchy that millions of people actually do sing along to it . " In his biography of Cobain , Heavier Than Heaven , Charles R. Cross asserted that the song was a " thinly disguised portrait " of Cobain 's friend Dylan Carlson . 
 
 = = Release and reception = = 
 
 " In Bloom " was released as the fourth single from Nevermind on November 30 , 1992 . The single was only released commercially in the United Kingdom ; promotional copies were released in the United States . The 7 @-@ inch vinyl and cassette editions of the single contained a live version of " Polly " as a B @-@ side , while the 12 @-@ inch vinyl and CD versions featured a performance of " Sliver " ; both songs were recorded at the same December 28 , 1991 concert . The single peaked at number 28 on the British singles chart . While lacking an American commercial release , the song charted at number five on the Billboard Album Rock Tracks chart . 
 Nirvana biographer Everett True wrote an uncharacteristically unfavorable review in Melody Maker , accusing the single of being a cash @-@ in on Nevermind 's success . " Whoop whoop bloody whoop " , he wrote , " Forgive me if I don 't sound too thrilled . This release is stretching even my credulity beyond repair . Like , milking a still @-@ breathing ( sacred ) cow , or what ? Badly inferior live versions of ' Polly ' and ' Sliver ' on the flip don 't help matters either . " In 2011 Rolling Stone magazine ranked the song number 415 on its list of the " 500 Greatest Songs of All Time " . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 Nirvana first made a music video for " In Bloom " in 1990 for the Sub Pop Video Network Program VHS compilation ( 1991 ) . The recording of the song featured in the video is the version recorded during the Smart Studios sessions . The Sub Pop video features the band walking around various parts of lower Manhattan including the South Street Seaport , the Lower East Side , and Wall Street . While filming the video , Novoselic shaved his head as penance for a bad performance the band gave in New York City . This caused discontinuity in the final cut ; shots of the band feature the bassist with and without hair throughout the video . This video was later compiled on the Nirvana box set With the Lights Out ( 2004 ) . The audio of this version of " In Bloom " was later released on CD2 of the 20th Anniversary Deluxe Edition of the Nevermind album in 2011 . 
 The second video , created to accompany the 1992 single release that was recorded at Sound City Studios , was directed by Kevin Kerslake , who had previously directed the band 's videos for " Come as You Are " and " Lithium " . Cobain 's original concept for the video told the story of a young girl born into a Ku Klux Klan family who one day realizes how evil they are . His concept was too ambitious , so Cobain instead decided to parody musical performances by bands on early 1960s variety shows , such as The Ed Sullivan Show . The humorous tone of the video was a result of Cobain being " so tired for the last year of people taking us so seriously . . . I wanted to fuck off and show them that we have a humorous side to us " . Kerslake filmed the video on old Kinescope cameras , and the band improvised its performance . The video begins with an unnamed variety show host ( played by Doug Llewelyn , former host of The People 's Court ) introducing Nirvana to an in @-@ studio crowd of screaming teenagers ; their non @-@ stop screaming is heard throughout the duration of the song . The band members , whom the host refers to as " thoroughly all right and decent fellas " , perform dressed in Beach Boys @-@ style outfits ; Cobain wears glasses that blurred his vision , while Novoselic cut his hair short and liked it so much he kept it that way afterwards . As the video progresses , the band destroys the set and its instruments . 
 Three different edits of the Kerslake video were made . Cobain intended to replace the first version of the video after a period with a new take featuring the band wearing dresses instead of suits . MTV 's alternative rock show 120 Minutes insisted on premiering the video , but Cobain felt the program would not properly convey the humor of the " pop idol " version . Instead , a new edit was produced which contained shots of the band in both suits and dresses . The original edit of the video never aired . This video won the award for Best Alternative Video at the 1993 MTV Video Music Awards , and topped the music video category in the 1992 Village Voice Pazz & Jop critics ' poll . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 All songs written by Kurt Cobain . 
 7 " , cassette 
 " In Bloom " – 4 : 17 
 " Polly " ( live ) – 2 : 47 
 12 " , CD 
 " In Bloom " – 4 : 17 
 " Sliver " ( live - Del Mar - 28 @.@ 12 @.@ 1991 ) – 2 : 06 
 " Polly " ( live - Del Mar - 28 @.@ 12 @.@ 1991 ) – 2 : 47 
 
 = = Chart positions = = 
 
 
 = = Covers = = 
 
 Sturgill Simpson recorded a country cover in 2016 which received air play on alternative stations . 
 
 
 = Lady in the Lake trial = 
 
 The Lady in the Lake trial was a 2005 murder case in which Gordon Park ( 25 January 1944 – 25 January 2010 ) a retired teacher from Leece , near Barrow @-@ in @-@ Furness , Cumbria , England , was jailed for life for the murder of his first wife , Carol Ann Park , in 1976 . 
 Carol Park went missing on 17 July 1976 , and was never seen alive again by her family . In 1997 , her body was discovered by divers in Coniston Water and Gordon was arrested on suspicion of murder . The charges were subsequently dropped but in 2004 Gordon was arrested again and found guilty of his wife 's murder . The trial judge sentenced him to life imprisonment and recommended that he should serve a minimum of 15 years before being considered for parole . He was held at Garth prison , Leyland , Preston . In December 2007 he lodged an appeal against his conviction which was dismissed in November 2008 . On 25 January 2010 , he was found hanged in his cell , and pronounced dead at the scene . 
 The details of the murder are sketchy . Carol was killed due to blunt trauma to her face by means of some instrument , alleged in court to have been an ice axe . She was then bound with rope , using complex knots , weighed down with rocks and lead pipes and thrown overboard from a boat on Coniston Water . The body landed on an underwater ledge where it was later found by amateur divers . Had it been dropped a few metres further from the shore , it would have sunk to the much deeper bottom and probably never have been discovered . 
 There was a great deal of controversy surrounding the case . Gordon received much support from his family and friends and maintained his innocence . There was a large amount of local interest in the trial as shown by the sales of the local paper , the North @-@ West Evening Mail . Some claimed that much of the evidence against him could be discounted and there were vigils and petitions in attempts to free Gordon from prison and clear his name . The case featured prominently in the book No Smoke : The Shocking Truth About British Justice which outlined seven cases the author believed to be examples of innocent people being convicted of murder . 
 
 = = Case history = = 
 
 
 = = = Carol Park vanishes = = = 
 
 Prior to her disappearance , according to her friends , Carol was feeling depressed . She had talked of tracing her biological parents , as she was adopted . On 17 July 1976 , she went missing . Gordon claimed that she had left home for another man , and Carol had left their home in Leece twice before . It was for this reason , Gordon claimed , that he did not report her missing for six weeks . Carol was said to time her periods away from home to coincide with the school holidays . Gordon claimed that it wasn 't until she didn 't return in time to take up her job as a primary school teacher in September ( the start of the school term ) that he realised that there was a problem . At this time he reported her missing via his solicitor , and her family was informed . On the day she vanished , the family had been due to visit Blackpool on a day trip . However , Carol said she felt unwell and wanted to remain behind in bed . She was never seen alive again by her family . Gordon claimed he returned home to find Carol had left the house , leaving behind her wedding ring , and that there was no sign of a struggle . A missing persons enquiry was launched , but nothing came of it . This missing persons report was subsequently lost , and it was implied by some that it was because both Gordon and a senior police commander ( who , by the time the article was published , had died ) involved in the case were freemasons . This was refuted by Sandra Lean , who , in No Smoke , claimed that Gordon had never been a freemason . At the time , police told Gordon that , should a body be found , he would be the main suspect . 
 
 = = = Discovery of body and post mortem results = = = 
 
 On 13 August 1997 , amateur divers discovered Carol Park 's body , clad only in a nightdress , 75 feet down at the bottom of Coniston Water . She was nicknamed " the Lady in the Lake " by detectives after the 1943 detective novel by Raymond Chandler , The Lady in the Lake . The body had been wrapped in a pinafore dress , a canvas rucksack and plastic bags , tied with several knots , and weighed down with lead piping . Her eyes had been covered by plasters . It was later reported that the body had landed on an underwater ledge , and had it been thrown into the water a few metres farther from the land , it would probably never have been found . 
 Details of Carol 's death were revealed in the post mortem . There were severe injuries to the skull , and it was said that her face had been smashed by multiple blows . It was later found in court that the murder weapon had been an ice axe . The body was found to be in a foetal position , which suggested that the body had been dealt with within a few hours of death , before rigor mortis could settle in . It has since been said that the investigators failed to acknowledge that rigor mortis passes in a 24 ‑ to 48 ‑ hour time period , and that the body could feasibly have been trussed once rigor mortis had passed . Many unusual knots were used to tie the body , and the same knots were said to be used in Gordon Park 's house and boat . This was one of the key pieces of evidence used against Gordon in the trial . 
 
 = = = Gordon Park is arrested , but charges are dropped = = = 
 
 At the time of the discovery of the body , Gordon and his third wife , Jenny , were on a cycling holiday in France . They heard news of the discovery of the body , and are said to have seen footage of the police searching their house . On 24 August , they arrived home , and Gordon was arrested on suspicion of murder at 8.00am the next morning . He was charged with the murder of Carol Park , and remanded in Preston prison . However , after two weeks , his solicitors managed to persuade the court to grant him bail . On 6 January 1998 , the charges against Gordon were dropped due to lack of evidence . The Crown Prosecution Service released a statement saying- 
 After a conference with leading counsel and the police , a decision was taken , in agreement with all parties , that there was insufficient evidence for a realistic prospect of conviction . 
 Reportedly he told another inmate that " she deserved it " as had discovered his wife being unfaithful . 
 After the charges were dropped , Gordon said that he wished to " try to put all this , including the events of 21 years ago , behind me and try to return to my everyday life " . However , the fact that the charges were dropped angered Carol 's brother , Ivor Price , who said that he was disgusted by the way that Carol was portrayed in the proceedings , and talked of how Carol was not " someone who [ was ] cheap or had a string of lovers . " 
 
 = = = Gordon Park 's second arrest and trial = = = 
 
 Gordon was again arrested on 13 January 2004 . Police said at the time that the murder file had never been closed , and that the arrest followed new leads . These new leads were later reported to be a confession by Michael Wainwright , who claimed to have been a cellmate of Gordon 's during his short prison stay in 1997 . The police then revisited the site where the body was discovered , and found a piece of Westmorland green slate , a stone that matched the rocks that made up the wall of the family 's bungalow . The case was brought to trial at Manchester Crown Court , and lasted ten weeks . There was no single piece of evidence that pointed to Gordon indisputably , but the prosecution argued that when the evidence was placed together , it could only point at Park , and not a " mysterious stranger or secret lover " . Primarily , the case for the prosecution rested on circumstantial evidence , with the jury being asked to consider knots , rocks used to weight down the body and the ice axe , all linking Gordon Park to the crime . However , the statements of Michael Wainwright , and another of Gordon 's cellmates , who had learning difficulties , were also used as evidence by the prosecution . He was sentenced to be jailed for life , and told that he must serve at least 15 years . The judge said that he had taken into account the " terrible concealment " of the body . 
 Park claimed he and his wife had an open marriage 
 The court found that Gordon had first put his hands around Carol 's neck to strangle her , but that she had struggled . He then grabbed his ice axe , and brought it down with what was described as " considerable " force on Carol 's face , and smashed the front right @-@ hand side of her face , splitting open her head and smashing her teeth . He then did this again – the attack was described as consisting of " two big heavy , crushing blows " by pathologist Dr. Edwin Tapp . After this , Gordon dumped his wife 's body in the lake , and went back to his day @-@ to @-@ day life . During the trial , the prosecution speculated that Gordon had " drugged his wife , possibly on or around the 17 July , tied her up and stored her body in a chest freezer before dumping it in Coniston Water " . 
 
 = = = Gordon Park 's appeal = = = 
 
 On 6 December 2007 , it was reported that Clarion Solicitors , representing Gordon Park , said that they would launch an appeal . In a public statement , they said : 
 The appeal is based upon fresh evidence that was not available at the original trial , it is hoped the conviction will be quashed and a retrial ordered ... Upon his conviction , Mr Park 's family and friends launched a campaign to clear his name , claiming there was no single piece of evidence that pointed indisputably to him . 
 Representing Park in the appeal was solicitor Rob Rode and Simon Bourne @-@ Arton QC . They did not initially reveal what the new evidence was , only that it " was not available at the original trial " and that it was " very strong and significant " . Cumbria Constabulary released a statement saying : 
 Detectives from Cumbria Constabulary carried out a full and thorough investigation and the full facts of the case were presented to the CPS . The case was then tried by a jury , where Gordon Park was found guilty of the murder of Carol Park in 1976 . 
 In October , campaigners in support of Park said " We have in our possession , a signed , witnessed , statement , made this week , by one of the main prosecution witnesses , stating , ‘ police officers did put words in my mouth regarding Gordon Park ’ and ‘ the police told me what to say in court . ’ " Pastor George Harrison , acting as a spokesperson for the campaigners , also claimed that the appeals process was flawed and " rendered virtually impossible " due to costs . 
 In November 2008 , the appeal bid was rejected by three judges at the Court of Appeal in London . QC Simon Bourne , representing Park , had wanted to call an expert witness to challenge geological evidence used at the trial . Lord Justice Keene said that the new evidence did not raise " a reasonable doubt as to the safety of this conviction " , saying that the geological evidence was only a small element of the " strong circumstantial case against the applicant " . The new evidence presented by geologist Andrew Moncrief concerned the rock found with the body , said to have been from the wall outside the Parks ' house . Moncrief argued that the rock was " indistinguishable " from others in the area , and therefore " meaningless " . 
 
 = = = Gordon Park 's death = = = 
 
 On 25 January 2010 , the morning of Park 's 66th birthday , he was found hanged and unconscious in his prison cell in Garth Prison , and pronounced dead at the scene later in the morning . It is believed that a ligature was involved , and that Park inflicted the injuries upon himself . Park had not been assessed for the risk of suicide . Jeremy Park said that " we are all completely devastated and still believe his innocence 100 % . " Since his death , Carol Park 's family have tried to trace her ashes . 
 
 = = Review = = 
 
 On 26 November 2014 , it was confirmed that the Criminal Cases review Commission were examining the verdict , and new DNA evidence had come to light . Carol Park 's niece has accused Gordon Park 's family of ' clutching at straws ' and has argued : " Gordon went to the High Court of Appeal and lost , so what makes them think after all this time they could find any information that could overturn the court ’ s decision ? " 
 
 = = Case controversy = = 
 
 
 = = = Support for Park = = = 
 
 There was much local interest in the matter , as was shown by the sales of the local paper , the North @-@ West Evening Mail , when it ran special editions on the case . Park maintained his innocence , and received much support from his family and friends . His children , Jeremy and Rachael , appointed a new legal team in an attempt to find grounds for appeal . Jeremy also set up a website , www.freegordon.com , in a bid to raise awareness and support of the case for Gordon . Notable individuals offering support include Tony Benn , who said that there was considerable doubt about Gordon 's conviction , and that he would do all he can to help campaign for his freedom . Benn has been quoted as saying the case is a " grave injustice " . He is one of the over 300 people who have signed the " Gordon Park is Innocent " petition . 
 A year into Park 's life sentence , around 40 family members and friends held a vigil at Strangeways Prison , in a bid to raise awareness of " the fact that there is an innocent man in prison " . Another was held a year later , led by Jenny Park , and a third on the third anniversary of Park 's imprisonment . It was due to these vigils , claimed Evangelical Pastor George Harrison , that he was barred from visiting Park once he was transferred to Garth prison , in Lancashire . Other fronts for the campaign included an offer of £ 5 @,@ 000 for anyone providing evidence that lead to Gordon 's freedom . Included in this were planned adverts in the North @-@ West Evening Mail and leaflets to 20 @,@ 000 homes in the Furness area . However , this was being organised by Harrison , with whom Gordon and his third wife Jennifer stayed during the trial . Jeremy Park wrote to the North @-@ West Evening Mail to confirm that he wanted nothing to do with the reward , and that Harrison had no right to include his name , contact details or email address , or mention the freegordon website , in the adverts . Subsequently , Harrison claimed to have delivered 6 @,@ 000 booklets and leaflets in the Furness area . 
 Not everyone with a link to the family supported Gordon 's attempts to clear his name . Vanessa Fisher , Park 's adoptive daughter , appeared as a witness for the prosecution at the trial , telling of how her father would hit the children with " a stick or cane " and how he would not discuss his wife 's disappearance . She was not in court at the time of Park 's sentencing . Ivor Price , Carol 's brother , has spoken publicly at various times about his feelings about Gordon , and the Price family even sat away from Park 's supporters during the trial itself . In a statement shortly after Park 's guilty verdict , he said he had " no doubt " that justice had been done , and added that " Carol was a lovely , bubbly girl who was very clever and intelligent . What has been said about her has been heartbreaking . This was about one thing : justice for Carol . " Around the same time , Price said that although he believed Gordon at the time of Carol 's disappearance , upon the news of a body being found in Coniston Water , he " knew it was her , and knew who had done it " , expressing his conviction of Park 's guilt . More recently , he said that he was " distressed " by the ongoing campaign to free Park . After Park 's unsuccessful appeal , Price 's daughters , Kay Washford and Claire Gardener spoke to the North @-@ West Evening Mail , their parents having died before the appeal was rejected . Washford said " It is brilliant , an amazing result . Our mum and dad Ivor and Maureen Price fought hard for this justice and now they can rest in peace because justice has been done . We are so thankful for the result and so glad he will be staying in there . " She added that " It is finally justice for Carol . " The Park family and Cumbria Constabulary did not comment . 
 
 = = = Claims of flawed investigation = = = 
 
 The case was reported to be difficult for the prosecution , with the time between the murder and the trial making it extremely difficult to track potential witnesses . Keith Churchman , a police officer involved in the case , said that " the other difficulty was of course the body was taken away from the place where it was killed . " However , on top of the difficulties outlined by the police , the freegordon website detailed a number of what Park 's supporters claim are holes in the evidence used to convict him . A story about the problems with the evidence was published in the Daily Mail on October 12 , 2005 , at the request of Jeremy , though it was not written by him . Bob Woffenden , the author , later wrote an article for Inside Time , in December 2006 , talking about the trial and its controversies . Another similar article , pointing out holes in the evidence , was published in the Sunday Herald , on July 23 , 2006 . 
 
 = = = = Witnesses = = = = 
 
 The first problem with the evidence is the use of inmate informant evidence , such as that from Michael Wainwright , described as " the most disreputable [ form of evidence ] of all " , despite the fact that it was one of the key pieces of evidence in the trial . Glen Banks , a man with whom Park had briefly shared a cell and who claimed in court that Park had admitted his guilt to him , was described as " highly suggestible " , frequently changed his story , and also claimed that Park had admitted to killing Carol while sailing to Blackpool . Wainwright , the other informant , was said to bea heavy cannabis smoker and admitted to hearing voices . He claimed that Gordon had said that he went upstairs , found Carol in bed with another man , and killed her in a fit of rage . This seemed unlikely , as the Parks lived in a bungalow , and the supposed lover has never come forward . Park also claimed to have never actually met Wainwright . 
 Joan Young , who was the only first @-@ hand witness , is challenged in both articles . She came forward in 2004 , claiming that she had seen someone push something over the side of a boat on Coniston Water . This testimony is challenged , because so much time has passed and the fact that her husband saw nothing . However , he claims to have been reading his paper at the time . Also , it has been said that Young was too far away to identify the person in the boat , and that it couldn 't have been Carol Park 's body that was being dumped , as the Youngs were positioned so that the location Carol 's body was found would have been visibly blocked by an island . The article even points out that Young described a boat that appeared to be a cruiser yacht . Despite the fact that Gordon did own a large yacht in 1997 , in 1976 he owned only a 505 racing dinghy , which he sold later that year . 
 There are three witnesses who provide direct evidence supporting the idea that Park was innocent . The first , a neighbour , claims that they saw Carol at the bottom of her driveway . A second , another neighbour , claims that they saw an unidentified man in a Volkswagen Beetle in the Parks ' drive for twenty minutes . The presence of the unidentified car has never been accounted for . Around 6pm that night , another witness , a woman who knew Carol , saw her at Charnock Richard services . She had mentioned to her husband the fact that Carol had not greeted her , describing her as " snobby " . 
 
 = = = = Other evidence = = = = 
 
 The rock supposedly found in the lake , said to be taken from the Park 's garden wall , has been challenged as evidence in multiple places . Both articles say that the police diver had no memory of recovering it , and he claimed that if he had found it , he would have placed it back . Professor Kenneth Pye , a defense witness , said that there was no evidence that the rock had ever been on the lake bed at all . The article in the Sunday Herald also claims that the policeman said to be responsible for finding the rock fainted when it was produced in court , offering no explanation , but still denying that he ever found it . 
 Two more issues are addressed in the Sunday Herald article , but not in the Daily Mail article . The first is of the knots used to tie up Carol 's body – the knots on Carol 's body were mostly granny knots , of which there was no evidence that Gordon ever used – indeed during the trial he was specifically asked this , and he responded , " I do not use granny knots " . The granny knot is always a mistake , used by someone who should have used a reef knot ; those learning knot @-@ tying frequently make this mistake . Gordon Park , an experienced knot @-@ tyer , would likely never use a granny knot , and their frequent appearance on the body of Carol is strong evidence that it was not Gordon who tied them . The article also claims that the evidence of knots was irrelevant anyway , as climbers and yachtsmen were so common in the area . The other piece of evidence related to another rock taken from the lakebed , which had supposedly come from the Parks ' roof . However , the prosecution eventually admitted that Westmoreland green slate had been worked in the area for hundreds of years , and could have come from anywhere . The Herald also mentions the fact that the police files from the original missing persons inquiry into Carol Park had gone missing themselves , but does not draw any conclusions from this . 
 Both articles address the issue of who the killer could alternatively have been , and both of them mention Carol 's other lovers , and John Rapson , responsible for murdering Carol 's sister . Both of the articles mention that he was in the Barrow area around the time of the murder , but both of them are careful to point out that they are not accusing him of being the murderer . 
 
 = = = No Smoke = = = 
 
 On 1 May 2007 , No Smoke – The Shocking Truth About British Justice , by Sandra Lean , was published by Exposure Publishing . This book features the stories of seven high @-@ profile convicted murderers , including Park , Luke Mitchell and Sion Jenkins . The book claims that the expert testimonies in the Lady in the Lake trial were flawed , that certain evidence was withheld , and that the sensationalist reporting of the press at the time influenced the court by persuading them that Park was the only person who could have killed his wife . 
 
 = = Personal life of Gordon Park = = 
 
 Park worked as a village primary school teacher , but was retired by the time he was prosecuted for the murder of his first wife , Carol . Park had two children by Carol , Jeremy and Rachael . Gordon and Carol also adopted their niece Vanessa when she was 18 months old after her mother , Christie ( who was Carol 's sister ) , was murdered by her boyfriend in 1969 , aged 17 . This was described as a " rare and appalling coincidence " , but has been picked up on by the case for the defence since the trial . 
 Park remarried twice after Carol was murdered . His second wife was named Catherine , and his third , to whom he remained married until his death , is named Jenny . Park met all of his wives through teaching , Carol was a teacher at Askam Village School when she was killed . When rejecting Park 's request for appeal , Lord Justice Keene , Mr Justice Beatson and Mr Justice Macduff noted that both Gordon and Carol had had affairs in the year leading up to Carol 's disappearance . 
 Park 's interests included sailing and climbing , which was relevant to the case due to the knots used to tie his wife 's body . While in prison , Park spent time practising t 'ai chi , taking a maths degree and keeping fit . 
 In an exclusive written interview with The Westmorland Gazette nine months into his sentence , Park talked of how he had struggled with prison , saying : " They [ other inmates ] may smoke incessantly , play loud music , the TV or video games , rifle your drawers , steal , lie etc . There is not a lot you can do about it ... I watched a guy " chasing the dragon " . It frightened me to death . I had never seen that before . " He refused to answer detailed questions about the trial or case , but protested his innocence , saying " If I knew who killed my wife , how , where , why , then I would have said so . I did not know then . I do not know now . " 
 
 
 = Dover Athletic F.C. = 
 
 Dover Athletic Football Club is a professional association football club based in the town of Dover , Kent , England . The club was formed in 1983 after the dissolution of the town 's previous club , Dover F.C. , whose place in the Southern League was taken by the new club . In the 1989 – 90 season Dover Athletic won the Southern League championship , but failed to gain promotion to the Football Conference as the club 's ground did not meet the required standard . Three seasons later the team won the title again and this time gained promotion to the Conference , where they spent nine seasons before being relegated at the end of the 2001 – 02 season . The club was transferred to the Isthmian League Premier Division in 2004 , but another poor season and financial problems that had been mounting led the club to a further relegation . After three seasons were spent in the Isthmian League Division One South , the club won the championship and with it promotion back to the Premier Division , followed immediately the following season by another championship and with it promotion to Conference South . Five seasons were spent in that division with the club coming close to gaining promotion several times , reaching the play @-@ offs three times . In the 2013 – 14 season , Dover reached the play @-@ off final for the second successive season and defeated Ebbsfleet United to return to the Conference Premier after a twelve @-@ year absence . 
 The team usually wear white shirts and are consequently nicknamed the Whites . They have played at the Crabble Athletic Ground since the club 's formation . The club 's best performance in the FA Cup was an appearance in the third round proper in the 2010 – 11 and 2014 – 15 seasons , while the best performance registered in the FA Trophy , the national competition for higher @-@ level non @-@ league clubs , was a run to the semi @-@ finals in the 1997 – 98 season . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Dover Athletic F.C. was formed in 1983 after the town 's previous club , Dover , folded due to its debts . The new club took Dover 's place in the Southern League Southern Division , with former Dover player Alan Jones as manager and a team consisting mainly of reserve players from the old club . Initially Athletic struggled , finishing second from bottom of the table in the 1984 – 85 season . In November 1985 Steve McRae , who had succeeded Jones a year earlier , was sacked and replaced by Chris Kinnear . 
 Under Kinnear the club 's fortunes turned round , with two top @-@ five finishes followed by the Southern Division championship , and with it promotion , in the 1987 – 88 season . The team started strongly in the Premier Division , finishing in sixth place at the first attempt , and then winning the championship in the 1989 – 90 season . The club was denied promotion to the Football Conference , however , as the Crabble Athletic Ground did not meet the standard required for that league . After finishing fourth and second in the subsequent two seasons , Dover won the title again in the 1992 – 93 season and this time were admitted to the Conference . 
 Although Dover finished in eighth place in their first season in the Conference , the following season saw the club struggling against relegation , and Kinnear was dismissed due to a combination of the team 's poor performances and his own personal problems . John Ryan was appointed as the club 's new manager , but his reign was a short one and he was dismissed when the club lost seven of its first eight matches in the 1995 – 96 season . The club then appointed former England international Peter Taylor as manager , but he was unable to steer the team away from the foot of the table , and Dover held onto their place in the Conference only because Northern Premier League runners @-@ up Boston United failed to submit their application for promotion before the required deadline . 
 Bill Williams took over as manager in 1997 and led the club to the FA Trophy semi @-@ finals in the 1997 – 98 season and a best league finish to date of sixth place in the 1999 – 2000 season . Williams left the club to take a senior position with Conference rivals Kingstonian in May 2001 . By now the club was in severe financial difficulties , with a number of directors resigning and debts exceeding £ 100 @,@ 000 . Amid the crisis the entire board of directors resigned , forcing the club 's Supporters ' Trust to take over the running of the club , and manager Gary Bellamy was sacked after just six months in the job . Former Everton goalkeeper Neville Southall took over but was dismissed just three months later , with Clive Walker taking over in March 2002 with the club rooted to the foot of the table . The club finished the season bottom of the Conference and was relegated back to the Southern League Premier Division . The club 's ongoing financial problems led to it entering a Company Voluntary Arrangement ( CVA ) , a process by which insolvent companies offset their debts against future profits , due to debts that were now estimated at £ 400 @,@ 000 . 
 In Dover 's first season back in the Southern League Premier Division the Whites finished in third place , albeit 17 points adrift of Tamworth , who claimed the one promotion place available that season . A poor start to the following season saw Walker replaced by Richard Langley . Dover finished the season in 19th place , before being switched to the Isthmian League Premier Division in the summer of 2004 following a re @-@ organisation of the English football league system . The new season started with six successive defeats , which saw Langley sacked , and the financial problems continued , with the club coming within two months of being closed down . Dover were relegated to the Isthmian League Division One at the end of the season , but were saved from possible extinction in January 2005 when former director Jim Parmenter returned to head up a consortium that took over the club . Parmenter quickly sacked manager Steve Browne and convinced Clive Walker to return to the club to replace him , and also arranged for the club 's outstanding CVA debts to be cleared , putting the club on a firm financial footing for the first time in many years . 
 Dover Athletic narrowly missed out on an immediate return to the Premier Division in the 2005 – 06 season , reaching the play @-@ offs for promotion but losing out to Tonbridge Angels . The following season Dover again reached the play @-@ offs but lost in the semi @-@ final to Hastings United , after which Walker did not have his contract renewed and was replaced by former Gillingham manager Andy Hessenthaler . In his first season in charge he led the club to the Division One South championship and promotion to the Isthmian League Premier Division . The following season Dover won a second consecutive championship and thus gained promotion to Conference South . In the 2009 – 10 season , Dover reached the play @-@ offs for promotion to the Conference National , but lost at the semi @-@ final stage to Woking . The following season the club reached the third round of the FA Cup for the first time after wins over Kent rivals Gillingham in the first round and another League Two club , Aldershot Town , in the second round . In the 2012 – 13 season the club again reached the play @-@ offs , but this time lost in the final to Salisbury City . The following season the team reached the second round of the FA Cup , losing 1 – 0 to Milton Keynes Dons , The last 16 of the FA Trophy , narrowly losing 3 – 2 to Eastleigh and made the play @-@ offs once more . A 4 – 1 aggregate victory over Sutton United in the semi @-@ final set up a match with fellow Kent team Ebbsfleet United in the final . On 10 May 2014 , Dover beat Ebbsfleet 1 – 0 at Stonebridge Road with a goal from Nathan Elder enough to seal the club 's return to the top flight of non @-@ league football for the first time since 2002 . In the 2014 – 15 season Dover went on another FA Cup run , beating Morecambe 1 – 0 in the first round , then Cheltenham Town 1 – 0 in the second round to reach the third round proper for only the second time ever , but lost 4 – 0 at home to Premier League side Crystal Palace . The following season the team qualified for the play @-@ offs for promotion to League Two . 
 
 = = Colours and crest = = 
 
 Dover Athletic 's traditional colours are white and black , which were also the colours worn by the earlier Dover club . Away colours worn by the club have included red , yellow & green , pink and blue . The club 's crest contains a stylised representation of the town 's two most famous landmarks , Dover Castle and the white cliffs , enclosed in a circle bearing the club 's name . The club 's shirts have been sponsored by companies including Criccieth Homes , Paul Brown of Dover , Jenkins and Pain , cross @-@ channel ferry operators Hoverspeed and SeaFrance , local car dealership Perry 's and are now sponsored by produce suppliers Gomez , the company owned by Dover Athletic chairman Jim Parmenter . 
 
 = = Stadium = = 
 
 Dover Athletic 's home ground since the club 's foundation has been the Crabble Athletic Ground , which was also the home of the former Dover club . The word Crabble , which is also found in the name of a local corn mill , may derive from the Old English crabba hol , meaning a hole in which crabs are found . The stadium , commonly known simply as " Crabble " or , imprecisely , as " The Crabble " , forms part of a larger council @-@ owned complex , and the earlier Dover club originally shared the lower pitch with a rugby club , but moved to the upper pitch in the 1950s , adding a grandstand in 1951 , followed soon after by terracing and floodlights . 
 Dover Athletic continued to make improvements to the ground , although not in time to allow the club to take its place in the Football Conference in 1990 . Subsequently new turnstiles were installed and two new terraces and a second grandstand added . These improvements meant that the club was able to gain promotion after its second Southern League title in 1993 . The stadium 's modern capacity is 5 @,@ 745 with 1 @,@ 010 seats and 3 @,@ 642 spectators under cover . 
 In 2007 the club announced that under the new sponsorship deal with SeaFrance the stadium would be known officially as the SeaFrance Crabble Stadium , but a year later it was announced that the deal would not be renewed due to the ferry operator 's financial constraints . On 1 July 2008 local car dealership Perry 's was announced as the club 's new main sponsor and the stadium rebranded as the Perry 's Crabble Stadium , an arrangement which lasted until 2012 . Between 2003 and 2004 it was known as the Hoverspeed Stadium under the terms of another such agreement . Margate played their home matches at Crabble for two seasons from 2002 until 2004 , while their own Hartsdown Park ground was being redeveloped . 
 
 = = Supporters = = 
 
 In the club 's early days Athletic struggled to attract crowds of over 150 , but by the time the club reached the Conference , crowds at Crabble were averaging around 1 @,@ 000 . After the club 's relegation to the Isthmian League Division One South , the average attendance fell to just over 800 , but when the club returned to the Premier Division for the 2008 – 09 season , the average attendance at Crabble was 1 @,@ 293 , the highest in the division . The highest home attendance in the club 's history was 5 @,@ 645 for the match against Crystal Palace in the third round of the FA Cup on 4 January 2015 . Although Athletic 's improved monetary position means that the Supporters ' Trust is no longer required to financially support the club , it remains active as a fundraising organisation . 
 
 = = Statistics and records = = 
 
 Dover Athletic 's highest finish in the English football league system was in the 1999 – 2000 season , in which the team finished in sixth place in the Football Conference , the highest level of non @-@ league football and the fifth level overall . The Whites have made 13 appearances in the final qualifying round of the FA Cup , but have only progressed to the first round proper three times . In the 2010 – 11 season , Dover reached the third round for the first time , defeating Football League Two teams Gillingham and Aldershot Town in the first two rounds before losing to Huddersfield Town of Football League One . In the 1997 – 98 season the Whites reached the semi @-@ finals of the FA Trophy but missed out on an appearance at Wembley , losing to Cheltenham Town . The largest number of points the team has accrued is 102 in the 1989 – 90 season , and the highest total number of goals scored in a season is 89 , scored in 40 matches in the 1985 – 86 season . The team 's biggest ever win was an 8 – 0 defeat of East Preston in September 2009 , and the heaviest defeat was a 7 – 1 loss to Poole Town in April 1984 . 
 The holder of the record for most appearances for Dover Athletic is Jason Bartlett , who played in 539 matches , and the all @-@ time top goalscorer is Lennie Lee , with 160 goals . The club 's record signing is Dave Leworthy , who joined the club from Farnborough Town in 1993 for £ 50 @,@ 000 , which at the time was the highest transfer fee ever paid between non @-@ league clubs . The highest confirmed fee received by the club was also £ 50 @,@ 000 , paid by Brentford in 1997 for Ricky Reina . 
 
 = = Players = = 
 
 As of 16th July 2016 
 Note : Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules . Players may hold more than one non @-@ FIFA nationality . 
 
 = = = Former players = = = 
 
 For a list of former Dover Athletic players with Wikipedia articles , see Category : Dover Athletic F.C. players . 
 
 = = Managers = = 
 
 Dover Athletic have had 17 permanent managers ( excluding caretaker managers ) in the club 's 25 @-@ year history , with Chris Kinnear 's 10 @-@ year stint being the longest . The shortest stay was Ian Hendon who was announced as manager on 28 May 2010 and resigned only 18 days later to join Andy Hessenthaler at Gillingham . 
 
 = = Honours = = 
 
 Southern League 
 Premier Division champions 1989 – 90 , 1992 – 93 
 Southern Division champions 1987 – 88 
 Isthmian League 
 Premier Division champions 2008 – 09 
 Division One South champions 2007 – 08 
 Kent Senior Cup 
 Winners 1990 – 91 
 Conference South 
 Play @-@ off winners 2013 – 14 
 
 = = Rivalries = = 
 
 Dover Athletic 's main rivalry is with nearby Folkestone Invicta . A meeting between the two teams in 2004 was watched by a crowd of 2 @,@ 278 , a record attendance for a league match at Invicta 's ground . The club also has a rivalry with Margate . In the 2001 – 02 season , when both teams were in the Football Conference , the two games between Margate and Dover were watched by a combined total of more than 6 @,@ 000 spectators . The game played at Margate 's Hartsdown Park stadium drew a crowd of 3 @,@ 676 , and 2 @,@ 325 were in attendance for the game at Dover . 
 
 
 = Plum cake = 
 
 Plum cake refers to a wide range of cakes made with either dried fruit ( such as grapes , currants , raisins or prunes ) or with fresh fruit . There is a wide range of popular plum cakes and puddings . Since the meaning of the word " plum " has changed over time , many items referred to as plum cakes and popular in England since at least the eighteenth century have now become known as fruitcake . The English variety of plum cake also exists on the European mainland , but may vary in ingredients and consistency . Settlers in British colonies brought the dried fruit variety of cake with them , so that for example , in India it was served around the time of the Christmas holiday season and in the American colonies , where it became associated with elections , one version came to be called " election cake " . 
 Plum cakes made with fresh plums came with other migrants from other traditions in which plum cake is prepared using plum as a primary ingredient . In some versions , the plums may become jam @-@ like inside the cake after cooking , or be prepared using plum jam . Plum cake prepared with plums is also a part of Ashkenazi Jewish cuisine , and is referred to as Pflaumenkuchen or Zwetschgenkuchen . Other plum @-@ based cakes are found in French , Italian and Polish cooking . 
 
 = = Terms = = 
 
 The term " plum cake " and " fruit cake " have become interchangeable . Since dried fruit is used as a sweetening agent and any dried fruit used to be described as " plums " , many plum cakes and plum puddings do not contain the plum fruit now known by that name . ( Plum pudding is a similar , richer dish prepared with similar ingredients , cooked by steaming the mixture rather than baking it . ) The term " plum " originally referred to prunes , raisins or grapes . Thus the so @-@ called plums from which English plum puddings are made " were always raisins , not the plump juicy fruits that the name suggests today . " 
 In Old English , the term plūme was " from medieval Latin pruna , from Latin prunum , " which equated to " prune " . Prune in modern French means plum , so plum tarts have names such as tarte aux prunes . In English , prunes are dried plums , and when modern cakes use them as a primary ingredient , they may be referred to as a plum cake or type of plum cake . 
 
 = = By region = = 
 
 
 = = = Britain = = = 
 
 Plum cake has historically referred to an early type and style of fruitcake in England since around 1700 . Raisins and currants were used , which in the English language were referred to as plums since around 1660 . The various types of dried fruit ( grapes , currants and raisins ) were familiar to English kitchens through trade with The Levant and Mediterranean but before they became available through " trouble @-@ free " imports from Australia , South Africa and California , preparing them required " an immense amount of labour ... on account of the rough and ready methods by which the fruit was picked , dried , packed and exported " . 
 In 1881 Colonel Henry @-@ Herbert said that " a good English plum cake ... is a national institution " . At times , Thomas Carlyle was one among many who ate a light style of plum cake with tea , into which he would dip the cake , which he described as bun @-@ like with currants " dotted here and there " . Elizabeth David wrote that " Christmas mincemeat and Christmas plum pudding and cake are all such typical examples of the English fondness for spiced fruit mixtures that it seems almost unnecessary to include recipes for them ... " 
 Plum cakes were raised by whipping air into the cake batter , rather than by the use of yeast . A range of plum cakes and puddings were published in the popular Book of Household Management ( published 1859 @-@ 1861 ) by Isabella Beeton . Mrs Beeton included recipes for " A Common Plum Cake " and " A Nice Plum Cake " as well as " Baked Plum @-@ Pudding " , " An Unrivalled Plum @-@ Pudding " , " A Plain Christmas Pudding for Children " , " Plum @-@ Pudding of Fresh Fruit " , " Plum Tart " , " Christmas Plum @-@ Pudding " , " A Pound Plum Pudding " and " Christmas Cake " . The comment in an Indian Household Management book is indicative both of the reach of Mrs Beeton 's book as well as the range of interpretations of plum cake and plum pudding . The author says , " Mrs Beeton ’ s recipe is by far the best if modified a little : 12 units of manukka raisins ... " 
 Up to World War I , cakes , including plum cakes , were baked along with loaves of bread . " A smaller cake or pasty might be slipped in or pulled out after the baking had begun , but a raised pie with well @-@ protected sides , or a large plum cake , would take at least the same time as the loaves , and experienced housewives made them in sizes to do so . " 
 
 = = = Europe = = = 
 
 The English variety of plum cake also exists on the European mainland , although " plum cake " there more usually refers to baked cakes made with fresh , rather than dried fruit . 
 In French cooking , plums are an ingredients in a significant tradition of cake making : " ... throughout the districts of the Loire , the Dordogne , the Lot and the Périgord , there [ was ] hardly a celebration , a wedding feast or celebration at which the dessert [ did ] not include some sort of plum or mirabelle tart , made with fresh or dried plums or jam according to the season . " The Mirabelle plum is a specific cultivar used to make Tarte aux mirabelles ( plum tart ) . A Galette aux fruits is a type of galette made with yeast dough and covered with previously cooked fruit in season , such as plums ( or quinces , apples , apricots ) . The fruit in these open tarts or flans is cut into suitably sized pieces and the cake is glazed : red glaze is recommended for red plum and rhubarb flans , whereas apricot glaze is recommended in yellow plum and apricot flans . 
 The German plum cake , known as Zwetschkenkuchen , can be found all over the country , although its home is Bavaria . In chef Robert Carrier 's recipe for it , the base is made from yeast pastry rather than often used shortcrust pastry , because the yeast pastry " soaks up the juice form the plums without becoming soggy " . 
 In Italy , plum cake is known by the English name , baked in an oven using dried fruit and often yoghurt . 
 The Polish version of plum cake , which also uses fresh fruit , is known as Placek z Sliwkami . 
 
 = = = India = = = 
 
 In India plum cake has been served around the time of the Christmas holiday season , and may have additional ingredients such as rum or brandy added . 
 
 = = = United States = = = 
 
 Plum cake in the United States originated with the English settlers and was prepared in the English style in sizes ranging from small , such as for parties in celebration of Twelfth Night and Christmas , to large , such as for weddings . This original fruitcake version of plum cake in the United States has been referred to as a reigning " standard American celebration cake through the time of the civil war " . 
 During colonial times , one version of plum cake was called " election cake " , and was prepared with currants , raisins , molasses and spices , with the addition of brandy in the recipe occurring later . Election cakes were typically leavened with yeast . In New England , large election cakes weighing around 12 pounds ( 5 @.@ 4 kg ) would traditionally be served while people waited for election results . It has been stated that the first published election cake recipe appeared in 1796 in American Cookery . 
 Plum cake recipes in the fruitcake style appeared in early cookbooks in the Southern United States , and did not actually call for plums . After 1830 plum cake was often referred to as fruit cake or black cake . In 1885 , in a description of plum cake that sounds like plum pudding , it was described as " mucilaginous " - a solid , dark @-@ colored , thick cake with copious amounts of plums , gritty notes from raisins . 
 
 
 = Kedok Ketawa = 
 
 Kedok Ketawa ( [ kəˈdɔʔ kəˈtawa ] ; Indonesian for The Laughing Mask , also known by the Dutch title Het Lachende Masker ) is a 1940 action film from the Dutch East Indies ( now Indonesia ) . Union Films ' first production , it was directed by Jo An Djan . Starring Basoeki Resobowo , Fatimah , and Oedjang , the film follows a young couple who fight off criminals with the help of a masked man . 
 Advertised as an " Indonesian cocktail of violent actions ... and sweet romance " , Kedok Ketawa received positive reviews , particularly for its cinematography . Following the success of the film , Union produced another six works before being shut down in early 1942 during the Japanese occupation . The film , screened until at least August 1944 , may be lost . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 In Cibodas , Banten , a young woman named Minarsih ( Fatimah ) is rescued from four thugs by the painter Basuki ( Basoeki Resobowo ) . They fall in love and begin planning their life together . However , a rich man interested in taking Minarsih to be his wife sends a gang to kidnap her . Basuki is unable to repel them , but is soon joined by a masked vigilante known only as the " The Laughing Mask " ( Oedjang ) , who has almost supernatural fighting abilities . After two battles with the gang , Basuki and The Laughing Mask are victorious . Basuki and Minarsih can live together in peace . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 Kedok Ketawa was the first film produced by Union Films , one of four new production houses established after the success of Albert Balink 's Terang Boelan revived the ailing film industry of the Dutch East Indies . Union was headquartered in Prinsenlaan , Batavia ( now Mangga Besar , Jakarta ) and funded by the ethnic Chinese businessman Ang Hock Liem , although Tjoa Ma Tjoen was in charge of day @-@ to @-@ day operations . The film was shot on @-@ location in Cibodas , and featured fighting , comedy , and singing . 
 The film was directed by Jo An Djan and starred Oedjang , Fatimah , and Basoeki Resobowo . Other members of the cast included S Poniman and Eddy Kock . Oedjang had been a stage actor before appearing in the film , while Fatimah and Basoeki were nobles with a formal education . The Indonesian film historian Misbach Yusa Biran writes that this is evidence the film was targeted at intellectual audiences , a manifestation of Union 's stated goal of " improv [ ing ] the quality of Indonesian art " . 
 Following the success of Terang Boelan ( 1937 ; based on The Jungle Princess ) , the domestic film industry began to model their productions after Hollywood works , as this was expected to ensure financial success . The Indonesian film scholars Ekky Imanjaya and Said Salim write that Kedok Ketawa was influenced by Bram Stoker 's 1897 novel Dracula through its Hollywood adaptations . Neither writer gives comparisons to illustrate this influence . 
 Kedok Ketawa was not the first contemporary film featuring a masked hero . Tan 's Film had released Gagak Item ( The Black Crow ) , with Rd Mochtar as the masked Black Crow , in 1939 , and later productions , including Java Industrial Film 's Srigala Item ( The Black Wolf ; 1941 ) , continued the trend . As was common for contemporary productions , the soundtrack for Kedok Ketawa – performed by Poniman – consisted of kroncong songs . 
 
 = = Release and reception = = 
 
 Kedok Ketawa was released in Batavia in July 1940 , with a press screening on 20 July . By September it was being shown in Surabaya . In some newspaper advertisements , such as in Pemandangan , it was referred to as Pendekar dari Preanger ( Warrior from Preanger ) , while in others it was advertised with the Dutch title Het Lachende Masker . It was marketed as an " Indonesian cocktail of violent actions ... and sweet romance " and rated for all ages . 
 The critic and screenwriter Saeroen , writing for Pemandangan , praised Kedok Ketawa , especially its cinematography and the beauty of its scenery ; he compared the film to imported Hollywood films . An anonymous review in Bataviaasch Nieuwsblad found that the film was a mix of native and European sensibilities and lauded its cinematography . According to the review , the film surpassed expectations , but it was evident that this was a first production . Another review , in Soerabaijasch Handelsblad , considered the film among the best local productions , emphasising the quality of its cinematography and acting . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 Soon after the success of Kedok Ketawa , Saeroen joined Union Films and wrote four films for the company . These were not directed by Jo An Djan , who left Union for the competitor Populair 's Film , but by the newly hired R Hu and Rd Ariffien . Union Film ultimately produced a total of seven films in 1940 and 1941 before being closed following the Japanese invasion in early 1942 . Of the film 's main cast , only Fatimah and Oedjang are recorded as continuing their acting career , both appearing in several further Union productions . However , in the 1950s Resobowo continued his career behind the screen , serving as art director of such films as Darah dan Doa ( The Long March ; 1950 ) . 
 Kedok Ketawa was screened as late as August 1944 , but may now be lost . Movies in the Indies were recorded on highly flammable nitrate film , and after a fire destroyed much of Produksi Film Negara 's warehouse in 1952 , old films shot on nitrate were deliberately destroyed . While the American visual anthropologist Karl G. Heider suggests that all Indonesian films from before 1950 are lost , J.B. Kristanto 's Katalog Film Indonesia records several as having survived at Sinematek Indonesia 's archives , and Biran writes that some Japanese propaganda films have survived at the Netherlands Government Information Service . 
 
 = = Explanatory notes = = 
 
 
 
 = My Boo ( Usher and Alicia Keys song ) = 
 
 " My Boo " is a duet between American R & B singers Usher and Alicia Keys , written by Usher , Keys , Jermaine Dupri , Adonis Shropshire , and Manuel Seal , Jr .. The song was released as the album 's fourth single in 2004 . Set over a hip hop @-@ style track , it was produced by Dupri and No I.D. It was included on the re @-@ release of Usher 's fourth studio album , Confessions ( 2004 ) . 
 The song received positive reviews from critics , and has garnered awards . The single stayed on top of the Billboard Hot 100 for six weeks , making it the third most @-@ successful single from the album after " Yeah ! " and " Burn " , respectively . It was also ranked as the 36th biggest song of the 2000 – 2009 decade in the US . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 Usher and Alicia Keys had previously collaborated with the remix of Keys ' 2004 single " If I Ain 't Got You " , which was released in the United Kingdom . During the production of Usher 's fourth studio album , Confessions , they thought of various female singers to pair him with on the song . Usher and Kortney Kaycee Leveringston 's rare demo version can be found floating on the Internet . Although it was and still is widely believed that it was Beyoncé . However , Jermaine Dupri , who co @-@ wrote the song including Usher 's number @-@ one hits " Yeah ! " , " Burn " , and " Confessions Part II " , felt that he had established good relationship with Keys since she had worked with him and Usher . 
 The song is written from the perspectives of Keys and Usher , who play the role of an ex @-@ couple . For him , Usher and Keys " talk about how they used to be in love and how those feelings are still lingering despite the two not being involved anymore . " For Keys , " The song is talking about the first person you ever really had feelings for . Even though you move on and meet new people , you always remember that first person . " 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 " My Boo " was among the songs that were not included in the final track listing of Confessions , including " Red Light " and songs recorded Usher recorded with P. Diddy and The Neptunes . " My Boo " and " Red Light " were leaked to the internet , along with other records that were not included during the first release . The song was included in the expanded version of Confessions , alongside " Red Light " and " Sweet Lies " which were only released in the UK version of the album . Dupri thought of releasing " My Boo " as the fourth single from Confessions once " Confessions Part II " would be leaving the charts . LaFace Records sent " My Boo " to US contemporary hit radio on August 29 , 2004 and to US urban contemporary radio on August 30 , 2004 . The single was released in the United States as a 12 " single on September 21 , 2004 . It was a double A @-@ side with " Confessions Part II " when it was released in the United Kingdom on December 28 , 2004 . " My Boo " was re @-@ released in the United Kingdom on January 18 , 2005 . 
 
 = = Composition and reception = = 
 
 " My Boo " is a hip hop @-@ tinged R & B song with a mid @-@ tempo melody . It is composed in the key of D minor , in common time . The lyrics are constructed in verse @-@ chorus @-@ chorus form . Usher starts the intro , and Keys followed her rap @-@ intro , with background vocals from Usher . He proceeds to the first verse and chorus , leading to Keys singing another chorus , altering some of the lyrics of the original chorus to create a dialogue . Keys sings the second verse and Usher for the chorus , with background vocals from Keys . Keys repeats her version for the chorus . The song breaks with Usher and Keys singing " My oh , My oh , My oh , My oh , My Boo " , one after the other . Usher repeats the chorus again , and they sing the intro of Keys . 
 The song received mixed reviews from critics . Azeem Ahmad of OMH Media proposed to ban " My Boo " because he felt that the collaboration was a competition among Usher and Alicia Keys " over the hip @-@ pop like beat " . Jon Caramanica of Rolling Stone found the duet sentimental . At the 2005 Grammy Awards , it was nominated for Best R & B Song and Best R & B Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals ; to which it won the latter and the former was awarded to Alicia Keys ' song , " You Don 't Know My Name " . Usher and Keys won for Best R & B / Soul Single by a Duo or Group during the 2005 Soul Train Music Awards . In 2011 , Billboard ranked the song seventh on a special The 40 Biggest Duets of All Time listing . 
 
 = = Chart performance = = 
 
 " My Boo " was successful in the United States , living up to the chart performances of " Yeah ! " , " Burn " and " Confessions Part II " . The single debuted on the Billboard Hot 100 twenty @-@ nine , the highest U.S. entry among all singles released from the album . It entered the top ten , two weeks after , and peaked at number one during its eighth @-@ week stay on the chart . The single remained on the top for six weeks , beating its predecessor " Confessions Part II " , which charted at number one for two weeks . However , it failed to match the success of " Yeah ! " and " Burn " for twelve- and eight @-@ week run on the top , respectively . It stayed on the top ten for nineteen weeks , leaving the chart after twenty @-@ six weeks . The single was successful on Billboard component charts , topping the Hot R & B / Hip @-@ Hop Songs and Hot Ringtones . In Europe , the single had divided responses . The single reached the top five in United Kingdom , Germany , the Netherlands , Norway and Switzerland . It entered the top twenty in France , Finland and Switzerland , and top thirty in Austria . 
 
 = = Music video = = 
 
 Directed by both Usher and music video director Chris Robinson , " My Boo " clip was filmed in New York City . The storyline of the video is a reflection of the song 's lyrics . The footage starts with Usher in a living room watching a video for " Bad Girl " , a song from Confessions . The " Bad Girl " intro features Usher singing the song in a club setting while admiring a scantily @-@ dressed woman . He turns the set off and slumps down on the sofa before laying on it with his foot propped up . After a moment of silent , nostalgic reflection , he begins to sing the intro of " My Boo " . The video then shows him and Alicia Keys in their separate quarters , preparing to head out , while singing their part of the song . Usher eventually steps out on streets of New York ; likewise , Keys is out in her car . She leaves the car and walks down the street , and the couple meet up in the middle of Times Square , cuddling each other and on the brink of kissing . The music video debuted on MTV 's Total Request Live at number nine on September 16 , 2004 . It remained on the countdown for twenty @-@ seven days , becoming the only Confession video to chart . 
 Usher recorded " My Boo " aside from Keys with various female artists . He collaborated with fellow R & B singer Brandy Norwood and Usher recorded their own version as well , which appeared on her fourth album Afrodisiac . Brandy changed some of the lyrics , singing like having a conversation . However , neither of the two was included in the album . A remix of " My Boo " was also produced , featuring guest vocals from Nelly ; however , Keys ' part was omitted . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 UK CD 1 
 " Confessions Part II " 
 " My Boo " ( Duet with Alicia Keys ) 
 UK CD 2 
 " Confessions Part II " 
 " My Boo " ( Duet with Alicia Keys ) 
 " Confessions Part II " ( Remix ) ( featuring Shyne , Kanye West & Twista ) 
 " Confessions Part II " ( Music Video ) 
 
 = = Charts = = 
 
 
 = = Certifications = = 
 
 
 
 = Rio de Janeiro bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics = 
 
 The Rio de Janeiro bid for the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics was a successful bid to host the Games of the XXXI Olympiad and the XV Paralympic Games , respectively . It was submitted on September 7 , 2007 , and recognized as an Applicant city by the International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) one week after . On June 4 , 2008 , the IOC Executive Board shortlisted Rio de Janeiro with three of the six other Applicant cities — Chicago , Madrid and Tokyo ; over Baku , Doha and Prague — becoming a Candidate city during the 2008 SportAccord Convention in Athens , Greece . 
 Rio de Janeiro was shortlisted receiving a 6 @.@ 4 score , according to a study of its Application File delivered to the IOC Working Group on January 14 , 2008 . As a Candidate city , Rio de Janeiro submitted its Candidature File to the IOC on February 11 , 2009 . The dossier was analyzed by the IOC Evaluation Commission , which arrived in the city on April 27 , 2009 , to assess the quality of the bid . Between April 29 and May 2 , the Commission attended technical presentations and made inspections in all the existing venues across the city , giving a favorable assessment in its final report . 
 The Brazilian Olympic Committee ( COB ) chose Rio de Janeiro as its bidding city to host the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics , during its Annual Assembly on September 1 , 2006 . This was the city 's first bid that proceeded to the Candidature phase , after three failed attempts to host the Games in 1936 , 2004 and 2012 . The lengthy and intensive bidding process was concluded with the election of Rio de Janeiro as the host city during the 121st IOC Session , held in Copenhagen , Denmark , on October 2 , 2009 . It will be the first city in South America to host the Games . 
 Rio de Janeiro planned to organize the Games at a cost of USD 14 @.@ 4 billion , being able to hold all sport events ( excepting football ) inside the city . There will be 30 competition venues in four Olympic zones — Barra , Copacabana , Deodoro , and Maracanã — apart from venues for golf and rugby union , which were added to the Olympic program after the election . Football matches will be held in the cities of Belo Horizonte , Brasília , Salvador and São Paulo . The proposed dates range from August 5 to 21 for the Olympic Games , and September 7 to 18 for the Paralympic Games . 
 
 = = Bid process = = 
 
 Rio de Janeiro 's bidding process began on July 28 , 2006 , when the Executive Council of the Brazilian Olympic Committee ( COB in the Portuguese acronym ) met to consider the possibility of nominating a Brazilian city to host the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . This meeting was prompted by the fact that several cities in the world demonstrated interest around the election , some having already announced their bidding intention . Then a technical analysis was commissioned by COB to evaluate the conditions of the city , unveiled on August 25 , 2006 . A week later , on September 1 , 2006 , the COB 's Annual Assembly decided by acclamation that Rio de Janeiro would be the Brazilian representative seeking to host the Olympic and Paralympic Games in 2016 . The Assembly felt it was the only city in Brazil and South America which would possess Olympic @-@ level facilities ready for an Olympic and Paralympic bid , a legacy of its upcoming hosting of the XV Pan American Games in 2007 , later considered to be the best in history . Another positive aspect was that Rio de Janeiro could host all Olympic sports within the city limits , although the Olympic football tournament is hosted by multiple cities . The Brazilian government immediately expressed its support to the bid . Carlos Arthur Nuzman , president of COB , and César Maia , then Mayor of Rio de Janeiro , approved the decision , thus making the bid official . 
 The International Olympic Committee ( IOC ) officially launched the bid process for the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics on May 16 , 2007 . All then 203 National Olympic Committees ( NOCs ) were invited to submit the name of a city within their jurisdiction until September 13 , 2007 . On September 14 , the IOC recognized seven cities — Baku , Chicago , Doha , Madrid , Prague , Rio de Janeiro and Tokyo — which had been put forward by their respective NOCs to bid . On October 1 , 2007 , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee paid the required fee of USD 150 @,@ 000 to the IOC and signed the Candidature Acceptance Procedure . Soon after , from October 15 to 19 , Rio officials attended the 2016 Applicant cities ' Seminar organized by the IOC at the Olympic Museum in Lausanne , Switzerland , where they learnt more about technical areas that would be analyzed throughout the application process . On January 14 , 2008 , the seven Applicant cities returned documents , known as the Application Files , containing the answers and guarantees requested by the 2016 Candidature Acceptance Procedure , which provided to the IOC an overview of each city 's project . The responses were studied by the IOC Working Group for months and served as the basis to the shortlist of Chicago , Tokyo , Rio de Janeiro and Madrid on June 4 , 2008 , becoming Candidate cities during a meeting of the IOC Executive Board at the 2008 SportAccord Convention in Athens , Greece . 
 Rio de Janeiro bid to host the 1936 , 2004 and the 2012 Games , but failed on every occasion ; missing the shortlist in the two latest attempts , while the bidding process for 1936 did not follow the current standards . For the first time in the Candidature phase , the official bid flag was raised during a ceremony held at the Palácio da Cidade ( English : City 's Palace ) on June 23 , 2008 , celebrating the Olympic Day . On July 3 , 2008 , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee paid a fee of USD 500 @,@ 000 to the IOC and signed the Candidature Procedure , reconfirming its acceptance of the rules . Then , Rio officials participated in the Olympic Games Observers Program from August 8 to 24 , during the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing , China ; and attended the IOC Official Debriefing of the Beijing Games from November 24 to 27 , in London , United Kingdom . On February 11 , 2009 , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee delivered its Candidature File to the IOC in Lausanne and , eight days later , to the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) in Bonn , Germany ; containing the responses to the 2016 Candidature Procedure and Questionnaire , as well as guarantees and undertakings . The Candidature File had three volumes containing 568 pages of detailed answers to 300 technical questions , divided into 17 themes . Finally , on June 17 , 2009 , the IOC organized the 2016 Candidate Cities Briefing to 93 of its members at the Olympic Museum , being the first such meeting in its history and the most important before the election . Rio officials came out stronger after a presentation of 45 minutes , considered to be exceptional , followed by a session of 16 questions . 
 Throughout the campaign , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee introduced its plans to the General Assemblies of all Associations of National Olympic Committees ( ANOC ) , making the bid 's first official presentation on October 11 , 2008 , to the Pan American Sports Organization ( PASO ) , in Acapulco , Mexico . On October 21 , the vision was presented to the Olympic Council of Asia ( OCA ) in Bali , Indonesia , followed by the European Olympic Committees ( EOC ) on November 21 , in Istanbul , Turkey . On March 26 , 2009 , Rio officials made a praised presentation during the 2009 SportAccord Convention in Denver , United States . For the first time , a world map of the past Olympic host cities was displayed , subsequently becoming an icon of Rio 's campaign due to the void in South America . On March 31 , 2009 , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee made its plea to the Oceania National Olympic Committees ( ONOC ) in Queenstown , New Zealand ; and on July 7 , to the Association of National Olympic Committees of Africa ( ANOCA ) in Abuja , Nigeria . The bid committee also attended many sporting events , such as the Australian and European Youth Olympic Festivals , the Commonwealth Youth Games , the Asian Youth Games and the Mediterranean Games , as well as the Aquatics , Athletics , Rowing and Judo World Championships . The three @-@ year campaign culminated with the beginning of the 13th Olympic Congress in Copenhagen , Denmark , which was officially opened in a ceremony held at the city 's Opera House , and after a lunch offered by Margrethe II , Queen of Denmark , to the heads of state of the four Candidate cities at the Amalienborg Palace . 
 
 = = = Evaluation = = = 
 
 Rio de Janeiro was primarily evaluated during the Applicant phase , accurately on March 14 , 2008 , when the IOC Working Group released its report after four days of meetings , giving a weighted @-@ average score of 6 @.@ 4 to the bid . It was based on a thorough technical analysis of the projects presented on the Application File , which was developed by the Rio de Janeiro bid committee after having access to the Olympic Games Knowledge Management database as well as the official IOC Technical Manuals . The Working Group composed of several experts assessed the city 's potential for staging successful Olympic Games according to eleven criteria presented in the Application File . Rio de Janeiro 's highest score came from Government support , legal issues and public opinion due to the strong government commitment , and its lowest from Safety and security due to the city 's chronic problems of violence . Experience in major events also yielded good scores , while a shortage in the number of required hotel rooms undermined the accommodation theme . The Working Group also gave an 8 @.@ 3 score to Tokyo , 8 @.@ 1 to Madrid , 7 @.@ 0 to Chicago , 6 @.@ 9 to Doha , 5 @.@ 3 to Prague and 4 @.@ 3 to Baku ; being the basis for the selection to the Candidature phase . On September 18 , 2008 , after the shortlist which concluded the Application phase , the IOC announced the composition of its Evaluation Commission . The commission inspected the four Candidate cities under the leadership of Nawal El Moutawakel , who also chaired the Evaluation Commission for the bid process of the 2012 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . 
 The IOC Evaluation Commission arrived in Rio de Janeiro on April 27 , 2009 , to assess the quality of the bid , stating that the welcoming activities prepared by the city had been the best . Unlike the first evaluation , the committee did not assign scores , but analyzed the probability of execution of the plans . During the first two days of the visit , the Evaluation Commission held internal meetings at Copacabana Palace , the host hotel . Between April 29 and 30 , the Commission attended technical presentations in a large ballroom equipped with lighting and multi @-@ media resources , where it participated in question @-@ and @-@ answer sessions about each of the seventeen themes presented in the Candidature File . May Day was marked by the inspectors ' visits to all existing venues across the city . On May 2 , 2009 , the Evaluation Commission made a press conference to highlight the main points of the visit . According to El Moutawakel , the Commission was very impressed with the unity of government support , the quality of the presentations and the level of integration of the Games in the country 's long @-@ term development plan . After seven days of inspections involving 300 professionals , the thirteen members of the IOC Evaluation Commission left Rio de Janeiro on May 3 , 2009 , on the way to Madrid . One month before the election , on September 2 , 2009 , Rio officials welcomed the released of the 2016 Evaluation Commission Report . It gave a very positive assessment to the city and described the documents submitted by Rio de Janeiro as " of a very high quality " . 
 
 = = = Election = = = 
 
 The election of the host city took place at Bella Center on October 2 , 2009 , in Copenhagen , during the 121st IOC Session . Rio de Janeiro was the third city to present plans to the IOC members , entering the Hall A of Bella Center at 12 : 05 ( CEST ) with a delegation of 60 people , among bid leaders , government authorities and athletes . João Havelange made the opening speech and invited everyone to celebrate his centenary in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 . Carlos Arthur Nuzman was the next speaker , talking about experiences of the Olympic movement , and who introduced the iconic map of past Olympic host cities . Governor Sérgio Cabral then spoke about projects related to security and transportation , followed by Henrique Meirelles , who explained the economic situation of Brazil . Mayor Eduardo Paes was responsible for presenting the venues plan alongside Carlos Roberto Osório , while they were complemented by Olympic sailor Isabel Swan , who stated that the project had been made thinking on athletes . Swan cited the other athletes present in the plenary : former football player Pelé , Paralympic swimmer Daniel Dias and junior athlete Bárbara Leôncio . After that , President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva made a plea to bring the Games for the first time to South America , saying that was " time to light the Olympic cauldron in a tropical country " . Nuzman returned and concluded the presentation , which included a short film ( called UnityA ) by Academy Award nominated director Fernando Meirelles , and a music video ( called CelebrationB ) with an English version of " Aquele Abraço " by Gilberto Gil . 
 After the presentation , the session was opened for questions . Nuzman clarified doubts by Arne Ljungqvist about doping legislation ; Osório and Cabral answered two questions by Prince Albert of Monaco about accommodation and the project 's legacy , respectively ; and the President of Brazil himself responded to a question by Austin Sealy about organization risks . Following the presentations by the four Candidate cities , Nawal El Moutawakel presented the report of the Evaluation Commission to the Session . From a total of 106 eligible IOC members , 95 were available to vote in the first round . Members from the four bidding countries were not allowed to vote until their city was eliminated . Alpha Ibrahim Diallo , Kun Hee Lee , Saku Koivu and the IOC president were eligible members who did not vote . Chicago fell in the first round with 18 votes , while Tokyo received 22 , Rio 26 , and Madrid 28 . In the second round , Tokyo was eliminated with 20 votes , while Madrid received 29 and Rio 46 . Rio de Janeiro was elected in the final round with 66 votes over 32 for Madrid . The winning city was revealed by Jacques Rogge at 6 : 30 ( CEST ) during an announcement ceremony hosted by Lillian Gjerulf Kretz and Jonathan Edwards . Nearly 100 @,@ 000 people celebrated the victory on Copacabana beach while watching the live broadcast . Following the announcement , Richard Carrión , Rogge , Nuzman and Paes signed the Host City Contract and officialized Rio de Janeiro as the host of the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games . 
 
 = = Bid concept = = 
 
 According to the Rio de Janeiro bid committee , the bid 's concept was based on four principles — technical excellence , experience of a lifetime , transformation , and supporting the Olympic and Paralympic Movements — highlighting the city 's celebration lifestyle , as seen on its promotional video ( called PassionC ) . The 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics will embed the Games in society as a catalyst for social integration , through programs for job generation , education , community outreach , volunteerism , training and up @-@ skilling initiatives . The campaign also focused on youth and the fact that South America never hosted the Olympic Games , considering it to be a " self affirmation " of the Brazilian people . Rio de Janeiro integrated economic , environmental and social elements into its " Green Games for a Blue Planet " vision and planted 2386 seedlings to offset 716 tons of carbon emitted over the two years of campaign . Athletes and spectators will enjoy good climatic conditions in Rio de Janeiro , where mild southern hemisphere winter with absence of heavy rainfall provides favorable atmosphere for athletic performance . Average midday temperature of 24 @.@ 2 ° C ( 75 @.@ 6 ° F ) is predicted during the proposed dates for the Games , with temperatures ranging from 18 @.@ 9 ° C ( 66 @.@ 0 ° F ) to 28 @.@ 1 ° C ( 82 @.@ 6 ° F ) and humidity levels of 66 @.@ 4 % . 
 The visual identity of the candidature consisted of a logo and a slogan , which were applied in marketing moves during the campaign . Designed by Ana Soter and selected among four finalists by a special jury , the logo was unveiled during the 2007 Brazilian Olympic Awards , held at the Municipal Theater of Rio de Janeiro , on December 17 , 2007 . The Sugarloaf Mountain was chosen to be the symbol as one of the city 's most famous landmarks . According to the Rio de Janeiro bid committee , the design as a whole conveys a heart shape , representing Brazilian passion and enthusiasm for sports . First with only the inscription " Applicant city " , the logo received the Olympic rings and the label " Candidate city " after being shortlisted . At midnight on January 1 , 2009 , the bid 's slogan " Live your passion " was launched as part of the New Year 's celebrations , which was attended by nearly two million people . According to the Rio de Janeiro bid committee , the slogan reflected the Brazilian 's way of getting passionately involved in whatever they do . It was projected onto the Rio de Janeiro 2016 @-@ themed Ferris wheel after the countdown to the beginning of 2009 . The structure erected on Copacabana beach to promote the candidature was 36 m ( 118 ft 1 in ) high , weighed 80 tonnes ( 180 @,@ 000 lb ) and had 24 gondolas for 144 people . 
 Rio de Janeiro previously hosted major sporting , business and cultural events . On the sporting front , these events included World Cups and World Championships in many Olympic sports , as well as regional championships . From July 13 to July 29 , 2007 , the city successfully staged the 15th and largest ever edition of the Pan American Games ( over 5 @,@ 650 athletes competing in 34 sports ) and the accompanying Parapan American Games ( over 1 @,@ 150 athletes competing in 10 sports ) . Rio de Janeiro hosted the 1950 FIFA World Cup and recently hosted the 2014 FIFA World Cup , just two years before the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games , which includes upgrades to security , telecommunications and tourism infrastructure . The 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup will also be organised by Brazil and used as a test event for the 2014 FIFA World Cup . The proposed competition schedule spreads medals across the entire program with two peaks at the weekends , being similar to the 2008 Summer Olympics program . The period proposed by the Rio de Janeiro bid committee to stage the 2016 Summer Olympics is from Friday , August 5 , to Sunday , August 21 , 2016 . It is also proposed that the 2016 Summer Paralympics begin on the Independence Day of Brazil , Wednesday , September 7 , and last until Sunday , September 18 . 
 
 = = = Politics = = = 
 
 The Rio de Janeiro bid committee was an incorporated non @-@ profit entity under the leadership of an Honorary Council and an Executive Board , both chaired by Carlos Arthur Nuzman . At the highest level , the Honorary Council comprised the President of the Federative Republic of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , the Governor of the State of Rio de Janeiro Sérgio Cabral , the Mayor of the Municipality of Rio de Janeiro Eduardo Paes , and the two Brazilian IOC members : Nuzman and João Havelange . At the executive level , the Executive Board was divided in four departments — Government Coordination Commission , Business Council , Legacy Committee and Athletes ' Commission — being responsible for the main operations of the campaign . The Board also included representations from the three levels of Government with the specific authority to make commitments on behalf of their respective Governments . Technical aspects of the bid were supported by various Councils and Committees composed of a professionals staff , and supplemented by a team of domestic and international experts ; which were coordinated by Carlos Roberto Osório , Secretary General of the bid committee . Mike Lee , former Director of Communications and Public Affairs for the London bid for the 2012 Summer Olympics , was the lead advisor to the bid of Rio de Janeiro . His company , Vero Campaigning Communications , was responsible for planning the bid 's advertising campaign strategy , presentation scripts , visual support development and international media relations , as well as international press conferences . 
 Rio de Janeiro had full political backing from the three levels of the Government of Brazil — Federal , State and City — providing all guarantees and covenants required by the IOC , as well as some additional undertakings . All levels government , as well as all major political parties in the country , pledged complete support for the bid and endorsed the conduct of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Brazil . On June 23 , 2008 , the Brazilian president formed the Government Action Management Committee , under the patronage of the Minister of Sport Orlando Silva , which coordinated Federal government actions during the bid process . Another act created the Olympic Development Authority ( ODA ) on January 17 , 2009 , to coordinate public services and infrastructure delivery for eventual Games in Rio de Janeiro , based in the pioneer model developed by Sydney for the 2000 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . Under legal aspects , the Organising Committee for the Olympic Games ( OCOG ) would be the entity responsible for planning and staging the 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games . According to the IOC , the existing legislation was sufficient to enable the organization of the Games and would be amended or modified to suit the Olympic Charter if needed . The Ministry of External Relations and the Ministry of Labor guaranteed the entry , exit and working arrangements for Games personnel . People in possession of a valid passport and an Olympic or Paralympic Identity and Accreditation Card , in lieu of a visa , will be able to enter the Brazilian territory . 
 
 = = = Controversies = = = 
 
 The IOC 's decision to shorlist Rio de Janeiro over Doha generated criticism , as the Doha bid committee accused the IOC of " closing the door on the Arab world " and of making a political decision rather than judging on technical grounds . Doha outperformed Rio de Janeiro in the majority of the categories assessed , but according to the IOC , Doha 's desire to stage the Olympics in October because of high temperatures was the reason the bid was rejected . On May 3 , 2009 , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee accused the Madrid bid committee of sending a spy to Rio de Janeiro during the visit of the Evaluation Commission , and considered filing a formal ethics complaint with the IOC . Simon Walsh , who claimed to be a reporter working for EFE , omitted the fact that he was a paid consultant of the Madrid bid committee and was stripped of his media accreditation . Madrid officials denied the accusations . On June 14 , 2009 , the American television network NBC aired the episode " The Glory That Was ... " from the series Law & Order : Criminal Intent , in which a security company , interested in millionaire contracts with the possibility of hosting the 2016 Summer Olympics in Brazil , bought votes of members of the " Olympic Site Selection Committee " for Rio de Janeiro and murdered a member of the Belgian Olympic Committee . When aired by AXN in Brazil on September 3 , 2009 , the episode received much criticism . Eduardo Paes called the show " ridiculous and pathetic " , while the Rio de Janeiro bid committee condemned the " irresponsible and reckless use " of the city 's image . 
 Ahead of the election , the Rio de Janeiro bid committee lodged an official complaint against Madrid with the IOC Ethics Commission about comments made on September 30 , 2009 , by José Maria Odriozola , vice president of the Spanish Olympic Committee ( SOC ) ; and considered doing it against Chicago due to comments by Richard M. Daley , Mayor of Chicago , on September 21 , 2009 . Odriozola called Rio de Janeiro " the worst of the four candidates " , while Rio officials believe that Daley implied that the city was incapable of hosting the Olympics when he said it was " not the same as hosting the [ 2014 ] FIFA World Cup " . Mercedes Coghen apologised for Odriozola 's comments on behalf of the Madrid bid committee . According to the IOC rules , rival cities are not allowed to directly criticise other bidders . After the conclusion of the bid process , Shintarō Ishihara , Governor of Tokyo , blamed " invisible dynamics " and political deals for Tokyo 's failure . Rio officials repudiated " the inappropriate statements " and sent a formal notification to the IOC on October 6 , 2009 . On November 30 , 2009 , the Hollywood actor Robin Williams caused embarrassment due to humorous comments made in an interview with David Letterman . During the Late Show with David Letterman , broadcast by CBS , Williams said that Rio de Janeiro was elected as host city because it sent " 50 strippers and a pound of blow " to compete with Michelle Obama and Oprah Winfrey , from Chicago . The comments were widely criticized by the Brazilian media and government authorities . 
 
 = = Bid project = = 
 
 Rio de Janeiro proposed to hold all sporting events within the city limits — apart from the football ( soccer ) tournaments which would be held in the cities of Belo Horizonte , Brasília , Salvador and São Paulo — making the Games more compact and technically feasible . The competition venues will be located in four Olympic zones — Barra , Copacabana , Deodoro , and Maracanã — and divided in seven Olympic clusters — Barra , Copacabana , Deodoro , Flamengo , João Havelange , Lagoa and Maracanã — with four Olympic precincts — Maracanã , Olympic Park , Riocentro and X Park . The Olympic and Paralympic Village , the International Broadcast Centre ( IBC ) and the Main Press Centre ( MPC ) will be located at the Barra zone , which is the core of the project and includes the largest number of competition venues . A television tower will be built at the IBC / MPC complex to complement broadcasting operations and provide panoramic studios . There will be a media @-@ exclusive hotel within the complex , accessible directly from the IBC / MPC . The Olympic and Paralympic Village complex will include an Olympic Village Training Center , an Olympic Village Park , an Olympic Beach and direct access to the Olympic Park , in addition to the 8 @,@ 856 rooms to accommodate over 17 @,@ 770 athletes and team officials , including accredited additional officials . 
 Rio de Janeiro 's competition venues meet the International Federation 's ( IFs ) technical requirements and both IOC and IPC standards , and align with the City Master Plan and legacy strategy . Most venues are already operational , recently developed or renovated . According to the Rio de Janeiro 2016 bid committee , there are ten ( 29 % ) existing venues with no permanent works required and eight ( 24 % ) venues requiring reforms , while nine ( 26 % ) new permanent venues and seven ( 21 % ) temporary venues will be built . In total there will be 34 competition venues alongside 29 training venues , as part of the training venues strategy . The most significant legacy project from the bid is the Olympic Training Center ( OTC ) program and facilities with its headquarters located in Barra zone . Furthermore , the Rio de Janeiro 2016 bid committee recognized the possibility of new sports being added to the Olympic Program and , following detailed analysis for each of the seven potential sports — baseball , golf , karate , roller sports , rugby , softball and squash — confirmed its capability to accommodate any of them in respect to venues , transport and other operational or logistical aspects . In addition , Rio de Janeiro and the four proposed cities to hold football ( soccer ) competitions — Brasília , Belo Horizonte , Salvador and São Paulo — were chosen to host the 2014 FIFA World Cup . 
 Rio de Janeiro will build the Summer Paralympics , upon the experience of hosting the III Parapan American Games — considered " the best ever " by the International Paralympic Committee ( IPC ) and the Americas Paralympic Committee ( APC ) — as well as many other international competitions for athletes with disabilities . For this purpose , the organizing committee will include representatives of the Brazilian Paralympic Committee ( BPC ) and create a specific department responsible for supervising the Games . Another element that will bring the Paralympics up to par with their Olympic counterpart is the reuse of twenty Olympic competition venues for the equivalent Paralympic sports . Promotion of accessibility @-@ friendly measures by the hospitality and tourism industries will also be encouraged and recognized by the government . 
 
 = = = Infrastructure = = = 
 
 Rio de Janeiro 's infrastructure , systems , management structures and staff readiness will be tested during the 2014 FIFA World Cup and during dedicated test events for the transport network in 2015 . There will be 49 @,@ 750 rooms to meet IOC requirements , of which some 1 @,@ 700 are located in apartment hotels in the city and more than 13 @,@ 000 in hotels throughout Rio de Janeiro and the football tournament host cities . Rio de Janeiro proposed the use of cruise ships and condominium apartments to overcome a possible shortage in the number of hotel rooms . Six modern cruise ships will provide more than 8 @,@ 500 cabins . Media would be accommodated in a combination of media villages and hotels . Rio de Janeiro plans to implement 150 km ( 93 mi ) of Olympic lanes connecting the four Olympic zones and the Antônio Carlos Jobim International Airport . An existing corridor of high @-@ capacity rail and metro systems as well as motorways and major roads links three of the four Olympic zones , and with the development of the western corridor , all four zones will be connected . Bus Rapid Transit ( BRT ) system is going to be the main solution to the city 's topography . Security and disaster @-@ related risks for the event will be mitigated by the implementation of a comprehensive security operation . Crime in parts of Rio de Janeiro was considered to be an issue for the safety of people attending the Games . Rio de Janeiro 's experience in mounting security structures around highly mediatized and crowd @-@ attracting events is a positive aspect . The Federal Government will be responsible for the security of the 2016 Summer Olympics and Paralympics . 
 
 = = = Finance = = = 
 
 The three levels of Brazilian government assured the free provision of a range of services to the bid , including security , medical services , customs , transport , immigration , and other governmental services and support . Rio de Janeiro also approved funding of US $ 240 billion from the Program for Growth Acceleration ( PAC ) of the federal government . Other revenue @-@ generating activities include sponsorship sales , ticketing program , licensing and merchandising . These revenues will be supplemented by IOC @-@ secured commercial and broadcast contributions . Capital expenditure on infrastructure by the government or the private sector includes already committed and ongoing investments of US $ 3 @.@ 9 billion on projects such as airport and subway expansions and construction of the metropolitan road arc . The OCOG budget does not assume any capital contributions to the construction of permanent or legacy venues , other than for Games overlay , including the construction of temporary venues . The balance of OCOG expenditures will be funded by the public sector , involving a combination of government commitments from Federal , State and Municipal levels . The OCOG budget and operating expenses are projected at US $ 2 @.@ 8 billion , with its Olympic @-@ related budget , including capital investments in transportation , sports venues and incremental costs being US $ 11 @.@ 6 billion . The government submitted guarantees to cover any potential shortfall . The bid expenses for both Applicant and Candidature phases were of R $ 85 @,@ 792 million , as released during the official closing of the campaign on November 11 , 2009 . 
 
 
 = New Jersey Route 65 = 
 
 Route 65 is a former state highway in the city of Newark , New Jersey . The route went for 4 @.@ 12 miles ( 6 @.@ 63 km ) along Port Street and Doremus Avenue through the industrial districts of the city . Route 65 began at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 and 9 near Newark Liberty International Airport . The route crossed over the New Jersey Turnpike along Port Street until an intersection with Doremus Avenue , where it turned northward for the rest of the distance , terminating at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 and 9 Truck . 
 Route 65 was originally planned in 1939 as a spur of Route 25 , Route 25B , in Newark to connect that route with Route 25T ( now U.S. Route 1 / 9 Truck ) . The route lasted for 14 years , until January 1 , 1953 , when the 1953 New Jersey state highway renumbering occurred . Route 25B was decommissioned on that day , along with its parent route , Route 25 . Route 25B was redesigned as Route 65 , and was removed from the state highway system by 1963 . The two roads are now maintained by the city of Newark . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 Route 65 began at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 and 9 in the area of Newark Liberty International Airport in the city of Newark . The route progressed eastward along Port Street , a divided highway for a short distance . The route crossed the access road to the airport before crossing over the newly constructed New Jersey Turnpike south of Interchange 14 . From there , Route 65 continued as Port Street but as one roadway into the industrial districts in Newark . The route progressed further over a railroad before intersecting with Doremus Avenue , where Route 65 turned northward off of Port Street . Both Port Street and Doremus Avenue dead @-@ end right after this respective intersection , Doremus Avenue to the south and Port Street to the east . 
 From there , Route 65 headed northward along Doremus Avenue , crossing over the Newark Bay Extension ( Interstate 78 ) just north of the intersection . The route continued through the industrial district , reaching higher in elevation on a bridge over the Central Railroad of New Jersey ( now Conrail Shared Assets Operations , CSAO ) . From there , the route paralleled the turnpike 's mainline along Doremus Avenue . At the intersection with Raymond Boulevard , Route 65 became a divided highway once again , terminating at an intersection with U.S. Route 1 / 9 Truck in the city of Newark . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 Route 65 was originally designated in 1939 as State Highway Route 25B , a spur off of State Highway Route 25 ( now U.S. Route 1 and 9 ) at a traffic circle near the Newark Metropolitan Airport ( now Newark Liberty International Airport ) . The route was then to commence along Port Street and Doremus Avenue to an intersection with State Highway Route 25T ( now U.S. Route 1 and 9 Truck ) . Route 25B remained intact along the alignment of Port Street and Doremus Avenue until January 1 , 1953 . On that day , the New Jersey State Highway Department renumbered routes in the state , and eliminated Route 25 entirely . Due to decommissioning of Route 25 , Route 25B was renumbered to Route 65 , eliminating the relation to former Route 25 or U.S. Route 1 and 9 . Route 65 remained on the Port Street and Doremus Avenue alignment for a short time , and was completely eliminated from the state system by 1963 . Port Street and Doremus Avenue are both now maintained by the city of Newark but both are of the National Highway System as of 2009 . In 2001 , the bridge over the CSAO line was reconstructed . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The entire route was in Newark , Essex County . 
 
 
 = Giacomo Meyerbeer = 
 
 Giacomo Meyerbeer ( born Jacob Liebmann Beer ; 5 September 1791 – 2 May 1864 ) was a German opera composer of Jewish birth who has been described as perhaps the most successful stage composer of the nineteenth century . With his 1831 opera Robert le diable and its successors , he gave the genre of grand opera ' decisive character ' . Meyerbeer 's grand opera style was achieved by his merging of German orchestra style with Italian vocal tradition . These were employed in the context of sensational and melodramatic libretti created by Eugène Scribe and were enhanced by the up @-@ to @-@ date theatre technology of the Paris Opéra . They set a standard which helped to maintain Paris as the opera capital of the nineteenth century . 
 Born to a very wealthy Berlin family , Meyerbeer began his musical career as a pianist but soon decided to devote himself to opera , spending several years in Italy studying and composing . His 1824 opera Il crociato in Egitto was the first to bring him Europe @-@ wide reputation , but it was Robert le diable ( 1831 ) which raised his status to great celebrity . His public career , lasting from then until his death , during which he remained a dominating figure in the world of opera , was summarized by his contemporary Hector Berlioz , who claimed that he ' has not only the luck to be talented , but the talent to be lucky . ' He was at his peak with his operas Les Huguenots ( 1836 ) and Le prophète ( 1849 ) ; his last opera ( L 'Africaine ) was performed posthumously . His operas made him the most frequently performed composer at the world 's leading opera houses in the nineteenth century . 
 At the same time as his successes in Paris , Meyerbeer , as a Prussian Court Kapellmeister ( Director of Music ) from 1832 , and from 1843 as Prussian General Music Director , was also influential in opera in Berlin and throughout Germany . He was an early supporter of Richard Wagner , enabling the first production of the latter 's opera , Rienzi . He was commissioned to write the patriotic opera Ein Feldlager in Schlesien to celebrate the reopening of the Berlin Royal Opera House in 1844 and wrote music for certain Prussian state occasions . 
 Apart from around 50 songs , Meyerbeer wrote little except for the stage . The critical assaults of Wagner and his supporters , especially after his death , led to a decline in the popularity of his works ; his operas were suppressed by the Nazi regime in Germany , and were neglected by opera houses through most of the twentieth century . Meyerbeer 's works are only infrequently performed today . 
 
 = = Early years = = 
 
 Meyerbeer 's birthname was Jacob Liebmann Beer ; he was born in Tasdorf ( now a part of Rüdersdorf ) , near Berlin , then the capital of Prussia , to a Jewish family . His father was the enormously wealthy financier Judah Herz Beer ( 1769 – 1825 ) and his mother , Amalia ( Malka ) Wulff ( 1767 – 1854 ) , to whom he was particularly devoted , also came from the moneyed elite . Their other children included the astronomer Wilhelm Beer and the poet Michael Beer . He was to adopt the surname Meyerbeer on the death of his grandfather Liebmann Meyer Wulff ( 1811 ) and the first name Giacomo during his period of study in Italy , around 1817 . 
 Judah Beer was a leader of the Berlin Jewish community and maintained a private synagogue in his house which leaned towards reformist views . Jacob Beer wrote an early cantata for performance at this synagogue . Both Judah Herz Beer and his wife were close to the Prussian court ; when Amalia was awarded in 1816 the Order of Louise , she was given , by Royal dispensation , not the traditional Cross but a portrait bust of the Queen . The Beer children were provided with a fine education ; their tutors included two of the leaders of the enlightened Jewish intelligentsia , the author Aaron Halle @-@ Wolfssohn and Edmund Kley , ( later a reform movement rabbi in Hamburg ) to whom they remained attached into their maturity . The brothers Alexander von Humboldt , the renowned naturalist , geographer and explorer , and the philosopher , linguist and diplomat Wilhelm von Humboldt were close friends of the family circle . 
 Beer 's first keyboard instructor was Franz Lauska , a pupil of Johann Georg Albrechtsberger and a favoured teacher at the Berlin court . Beer also became one of Muzio Clementi 's pupils while Clementi was in Berlin . The boy made his public debut in 1801 playing Mozart 's D minor Piano Concerto in Berlin . The Allgemeine musikalische Zeitung reported : ' The amazing keyboard playing of young Bär ( a Jewish lad of 9 ) , who carried off the difficult passages and other solo parts with aplomb , and has fine powers of rendition even more rarely found in one of his age , made the concert even more interesting ' . 
 Beer , as he still named himself , studied with Antonio Salieri and the German master and friend of Goethe , Carl Friedrich Zelter . Louis Spohr organised a concert for Beer at Berlin in 1804 and continued his acquaintance with the lad later in Vienna and Rome . A portrait of Jacob commissioned by the family at this time shows him ' confidently facing the viewer , his hair romantically dishevelled … his left hand rests on the keyboard , and his right hand grasps a musical manuscript … plac [ ing ] its subject in the tradition of the young Mozart ' . Beer 's first stage work , the ballet Der Fischer und das Milchmädchen ( The Fisherman and the Milkmaid ) was produced in March 1810 at the Court Opera in Berlin . His formal training with the Abbé Vogler at Darmstadt between 1810 and 1812 was , however , of crucial importance , and at around this time he begins to sign himself ' Meyer Beer ' . Here , with his fellow students ( who included Carl Maria von Weber ) , he learnt not only the craft of composition but also the business of music ( organising concerts and dealing with publishers ) . Forming a close friendship with Weber and other pupils , Meyerbeer established the Harmonischer Verein ( Musical Union ) , whose members undertook to support each other with favourable press criticism and networking . On 12 February 1813 Beer received the first of the string of honours he was to accumulate throughout his life when he was appointed ' Court Composer ' by Grand Duke Ludwig of Hesse @-@ Darmstadt . 
 Throughout his early career , although determined to become a musician , Beer found it difficult to decide between playing and composition . Certainly other professionals in the decade 1810 – 1820 , including Moscheles , considered him amongst the greatest virtuosi of his period . He wrote during this period numerous piano pieces , including a concerto and set of variations for piano and orchestra , but these have been lost . To this period also belongs a Clarinet Quintet written for the virtuoso Heinrich Baermann ( 1784 – 1847 ) who remained a close friend of the composer . 
 
 = = Career = = 
 
 
 = = = In Italy = = = 
 
 Despite performances of his oratorio Gott und die Natur ( God and Nature ) ( Berlin , 1811 ) and his early operas Jephtas Gelübde ( Jephtha 's Vow ) ( Munich , 1812 ) and Wirth und Gast ( Landlord and Guest ) ( Stuttgart , 1813 ) in Germany , Meyerbeer had set his sights by 1814 on basing an operatic career in Paris . In the same year , his opera Die beiden Kalifen ( The Two Caliphs ) , a version of Wirth und Gast , was a disastrous failure in Vienna . Realizing that a full understanding of Italian opera was essential for his musical development , he went to study in Italy , enabled by the financial support of his family . He arrived in Italy at the beginning of 1816 , after visits to Paris and London , where he heard Cramer play . In Paris , he wrote to a friend , ' I go from museum to museum , library to library , theatre to theatre , with the restlessness of the Wandering Jew ' . 
 During his years in Italy Meyerbeer became acquainted with , and impressed by , the works of his contemporary Gioachino Rossini , who by 1816 , at the age of 24 , was already director of both major opera houses in Naples and in the same year premiered his operas The Barber of Seville and Otello . Meyerbeer wrote a series of Italian operas on Rossinian models , including Romilda e Costanza ( Padua , 1817 ) , Semiramide riconosciuta ( Turin , 1819 ) , Emma di Resburgo ( Venice , 1819 ) , Margherita d 'Anjou ( Milan 1820 ) and L 'esule di Granata ( Milan 1821 ) . All but the last two of these had libretti by Gaetano Rossi , whom Meyerbeer continued to support until the latter 's death in 1855 , although not commissioning any further libretti from him after Il crociato in Egitto ( 1824 ) . During a visit to Sicily in 1816 , Meyerbeer noted down a number of folksongs , and these in fact constitute the earliest collection of folk music of the region . In a birthday greeting from Rossi 's wife in 1817 occurs the earliest use discovered of Meyerbeer 's adopted forename ' Giacomo ' . 
 
 = = = Recognition = = = 
 
 The name Giacomo Meyerbeer first became known internationally with his opera Il crociato in Egitto — premiered in Venice in 1824 and produced in London and Paris in 1825 ; incidentally , it was the last opera ever written to feature a castrato , and the last to require keyboard accompaniment for recitatives . This ' breakthrough ' in Paris was exactly what Meyerbeer had been aiming for over the past ten years ; he had been carefully preparing for it , developing contacts , and fully reaped his reward . 
 In 1826 , shortly after the death of his father , Meyerbeer married his cousin , Minna Mosson ( 1804 – 1886 ) . The marriage which may have been ' dynastic ' in its origins proved to be stable and devoted ; the couple were to have five children , of whom the three youngest ( all daughters ) survived to adulthood . In the same year , following the death of Carl Maria von Weber , Weber 's widow asked Meyerbeer to complete her husband 's unfinished comic opera Die drei Pintos . This was to cause him much trouble over future years , as he found the material insufficient to work on . Eventually in 1852 he settled the matter with Weber 's heirs by handing them Weber 's drafts and a cash compensation . ( The opera was later completed by Gustav Mahler ) . 
 With his next opera Meyerbeer became virtually a superstar . Robert le diable ( with libretto by Eugène Scribe and Germain Delavigne ) , produced in Paris in 1831 , was one of the earliest grand operas . The libretto , originally planned in 1827 as a three @-@ act opéra comique for the Opéra @-@ Comique theatre , was refashioned after 1829 in a five @-@ act form to meet the requirements of the Paris Opéra . Its revised characterisation as a ' grand opera ' placed it in succession to Auber 's La muette de Portici ( 1828 ) and Rossini 's Guillaume Tell ( 1829 ) in this new genre . The composer undertook further work on the opera in early 1831 adding ballet episodes , including the " Ballet of Nuns " , which was to prove one of the opera 's great sensations , becoming an early example of the ballet blanc genre . He also rewrote the two major male roles of Bertrand and Robert to suit the talents of Nicolas Levasseur and Adolphe Nourrit , respectively . At the invitation of Nourrit , Cornélie Falcon made her debut at the age of 18 at the Opéra in the role of Alice on 20 July 1832 , and she made a vivid impression on the public , which included on that night Auber , Berlioz , Halévy , Maria Malibran , Giulia Grisi , Honoré Daumier , Alexandre Dumas and Victor Hugo . On hearing her in the role , Meyerbeer himself declared his opera at last ' complete ' . 
 The success of the opera led to Meyerbeer himself becoming a celebrity . In January 1832 he was awarded membership of the Légion d 'honneur . This success – coupled with Meyerbeer 's known family wealth – inevitably also precipitated envy amongst his peers . Berlioz – who had commented that ' Meyerbeer not only had the luck to be talented , he had the talent to be lucky ' – wrote ' I can 't forget that Meyerbeer was only able to persuade [ the Opéra ] to put on Robert le diable ... by paying the administration sixty thousand francs of his own money ' ; and Chopin lamented ' Meyerbeer had to work for three years and pay his own expenses for his stay in Paris before Robert le diable could be staged .... Three years , that 's a lot – it 's too much . ' King Frederick William III of Prussia who attended the second performance of Robert le diable , swiftly invited him to compose a German opera , and Meyerbeer was invited to stage Robert in Berlin . Within a few years the opera had been staged with success all over Europe , and also in the USA . 
 The fusion of dramatic music , melodramatic plot , and sumptuous staging in Robert le diable proved a sure @-@ fire formula , as did the partnership with Scribe , which Meyerbeer would go on to repeat in Les Huguenots , Le prophète , and L 'Africaine . All of these operas held the international stage throughout the 19th century , as did the more pastoral Dinorah ( 1859 ) , making Meyerbeer the most frequently performed composer at leading opera houses in the nineteenth century . 
 
 = = = Between Paris and Berlin = = = 
 
 
 = = = = 1832 – 1839 = = = = 
 
 Letellier describes Meyerbeer 's mature life as ' a tale of two cities ... His artistic triumph and legendary status were achieved in Paris ... but he never abandoned Prussia , especially his home city of Berlin ' . His wife Minna was based in Berlin ( she did not enjoy Paris ) as was his beloved mother ; and he had a series of Royal duties from the Prussian court , stemming from his appointment as Court Kapellmeister in 1832 . For these reasons his life from 1830 onwards is characterised by travel between these two centres . 
 In Paris Meyerbeer had been asked by Louis Véron , the director of the Opéra , for a new work . At first he attempted to persuade Véron to accept the opéra @-@ comique Le portefaix to a libretto by Scribe , which he had been contracted to compose in early 1831 ; but Véron insisted on a full five @-@ act piece . Together with Scribe , Meyerbeer reviewed many subjects before deciding , in 1832 , on Les Huguenots . The contract which Meyerbeer signed with Véron contained a penalty clause if the work was not delivered by the end of 1833 . When the time came and the opera was not ready , Véron claimed his 30 @,@ 000 francs under this clause ; Meyerbeer was perhaps unique amongst composers in being able to pay this . In fact Véron refunded the money under a further agreement , when the opera was delivered in late 1834 ; but Veron himself was replaced as director of the Opera by Henri Duponchel before Les Huguenots was premiered on 29 February 1836 . It was an immediate and immense success , its splendid staging and effects exceeding even those of Fromental Halévy 's La Juive , which had premiered the previous year . Berlioz called the score " a musical encyclopaedia " , and the singing , especially of Nourrit and Falcon , was universally praised . Les Huguenots was the first opera to be performed at the Opéra more than 1 @,@ 000 times ( the 1,000th performance being on 16 May 1906 ) and continued to be produced up to 1936 , more than a century after its premiere . Its many performances in all other of the world 's major opera houses give it a claim to being the most successful opera of the 19th century . 
 However , in Berlin Meyerbeer faced many problems , including the enmity of the jealous Gaspare Spontini , who since 1820 had been Court Kapellmeister and director of the Berlin Hofoper . Complaints were made in the Berlin press about the delay of the Berlin premiere of Robert le diable ( which finally took place in June 1832 ) , and Meyerbeer 's music was decried by the critic and poet Ludwig Rellstab . There was no sign of the German opera expected from Meyerbeer . Moreover , reactionary censorship laws prevented production of Les Huguenots in Berlin , ( and indeed in many other cities of Germany ) . Nevertheless , Meyerbeer , who ( as he wrote to a friend ) ' years ago ... swore to myself never to respond personally to attacks on my work , and never under any circumstances to cause or respond to personal polemics ' , refused to be drawn on any of these matters . 
 Meanwhile , in Paris Meyerbeer began to seek new libretti , initially considering Le prophète of Scribe , Le cinq mars by Henri Saint @-@ Georges and eventually settling on Scribe 's Vasco da Gama ( later to become L 'Africaine ) , which he contracted to complete by 1840 . However , Meyerbeer had envisaged that the main role in L 'Africaine would be written for Falcon ; after the catastrophic failure of her voice in 1837 , he turned instead to Le prophète . 
 On 20 August 1839 Meyerbeer , whilst relaxing at Boulogne in the company of Moscheles , met for the first time with Richard Wagner , who was en route to Paris . Their ensuing relationship ( see below ) was to have major repercussions for the careers and reputations of both . At this meeting Wagner read to Meyerbeer from the libretto of Rienzi , and Meyerbeer agreed to look through the score , which indeed he subsequently recommended for performance at Dresden . 
 
 = = = = The 1840s = = = = 
 
 By the end of 1841 , Meyerbeer had completed the first draft of Le prophète , but refused to stage it because the then director of the opera , Leon Pillet , wished to cast his mistress , Rosine Stoltz , in the part of Fidès , the hero 's mother . ( Berlioz characterised Stoltz as ' la Directrice du Directeur ' ) . Meyerbeer insisted on Pauline Viardot for the role . Meyerbeer lodged the score with a Parisian lawyer , and refused to countenance any production until his wishes were met . It was not until 1849 when the Opéra was willing to agree his conditions . Meyerbeer was unique in his time in having the wealth and influence to impose his will as a composer in this way . 
 In the meantime , the situation in Prussia was changing . Following the death of Frederick William III , the new regime of Frederick William IV was far more liberal . Spontini was dismissed , and the Berlin premiere of Les Huguenots was arranged ( 20 May 1842 ) . On the instigation of Alexander von Humboldt , Meyerbeer was installed later in the year as Prussian Generalmusikedirektor and director of music for the Royal Court . Meyerbeer wrote a number of works for court occasions , and also provided music , at the King 's request , for the first staging on Berlin in 1856 of his brother Michael 's play Struensee ( based on the life of Johann Friedrich Struensee ) , which had also been proscribed under the previous regime . 
 In 1843 , the Berlin Opera house burnt down . The creation of the new building gave a new opportunity to commission a German opera from Meyerbeer . The subject of the opera , Ein Feldlager in Schlesien ( A Silesian Encampment ) , was an episode in the life of Frederick the Great . As this patriotic opera ' needed ' Prussian creators , Meyerbeer arranged that whilst the trusted Scribe would write the libretto , Rellstab would translate it and take the credit ( and the royalties ) . This had the added advantage of winning over the formerly hostile Rellstab . Meyerbeer had hoped to have Jenny Lind ( for whom he had written the part ) sing the lead role of Vielka , but the opera premiered on 7 December 1844 without her ( although she did appear in subsequent performances ) . The libretto was revised by Charlotte Birch @-@ Pfeiffer to a Bohemian background as Vielka for a production in Vienna ( 1847 ) . ( In a further incarnation , the music was later used by Meyerbeer for a revamped libretto by Scribe featuring Peter the Great , and produced as an opéra comique in Paris ( L 'étoile du nord , 1854 ) ) . 
 With the continuing delays in the production of Le prophète and L 'Africaine , Meyerbeer was now becoming subject to increasing sniping in Paris . In 1846 Meyerbeer began work on a new project with Scribe and Saint @-@ Georges , Noëma , but in the following year Pillet was sacked from the opera and the direction was resumed by Duponchel . As a consequence , Meyerbeer was at last able to stage Le prophète with a cast to his liking , ( including Viardot as Fidès ) , and it premiered on 16 April 1849 . Again Meyerbeer 's new opera was an outstanding success – despite the unusual feature of the lead female role being the hero 's mother , rather than his lover . Amongst those at the 47th performance in February 1850 was Richard Wagner , now an impoverished political exile ; the success of a work so fundamentally against his own operatic principles was one of the spurs to his spiteful anti @-@ Jewish denunciation of Meyerbeer and Mendelssohn , ' Das Judenthum in der Musik ' ( 1850 ) . 
 
 = = = = Last years = = = = 
 
 Increasing ill @-@ health ( or possibly hypochondria ) now began to restrict Meyerbeer 's output and activities . The death of his beloved mother in 1854 was also a blow . However the success of L 'étoile du nord in 1854 demonstrated that he could still pack the theatres . Following this he began on two new projects , an opera by Scribe based on the biblical story of Judith , and an opéra comique , Le pardon de Ploërmel , ( also known as Dinorah , the title given to the Italian version performed at London ) to a libretto by Jules Barbier . The latter premiered on 4 April 1859 at the Opéra Comique at Paris ; the former , like many previous projects , remained only as sketches . The death of Scribe in 1861 was a further disincentive to Meyerbeer to proceed with his operatic work in progress . In 1862 , in accordance with his original contract with Scribe , he paid Scribe 's widow compensation for not completing Judith . 
 Nevertheless , Meyerbeer 's last years saw the composition of a good deal of non @-@ operatic music , including a Coronation March for William I of Prussia , ( 1861 ) , an overture for the 1862 International Exhibition in London , and incidental music ( now lost ) to Henry Blaze de Bury 's play La jeunesse de Goethe ( 1860 ) . He composed a few settings of liturgical material , including one of the 91st Psalm ( 1853 ) ; and also choral works for the synagogue at Paris . 
 Meyerbeer died in Paris on 2 May 1864 . Rossini , who , not having heard the news , came to his apartment the next day intending to meet him , was shocked and fainted . He was moved to write on the spot a choral tribute ( Pleure , pleure , muse sublime ! ) . A special train bore Meyerbeer 's body from the Gare du Nord to Berlin on 6 May , where he was buried in the family vault at the Jewish cemetery in Schönhauser Allee . 
 L 'Africaine was eventually premiered after Meyerbeer 's death at the Salle Le Peletier on 28 April 1865 in a performing edition undertaken by François @-@ Joseph Fétis . 
 
 = = Personality and beliefs = = 
 
 Meyerbeer 's immense wealth ( increased by the success of his operas ) and his continuing adherence to his Jewish religion set him apart somewhat from many of his musical contemporaries . They also gave rise to rumours that his success was due to his bribing musical critics . Richard Wagner ( see below ) accused him of being interested only in money , not music . Meyerbeer was , however , a deeply serious musician and a sensitive personality . He philosophically resigned himself to being a victim of his own success : his extensive diaries and correspondence – which survived the turmoil of 20th @-@ century Europe and have now been published in eight volumes – are an invaluable source for the history of music and theatre in the composer 's time . 
 Meyerbeer 's personal attachment to Judaism was a mature personal decision – after the death of his maternal grandfather in 1811 he wrote to his mother ' Please accept from me a promise that I will always live in the religion in which he died ' . In his diaries he noted significant family events including birthdays , not by their Gregorian calendar occurrence , but by their Jewish calendar dates . Moreover , he regularly suffered from ( and / or imagined ) anti @-@ Jewish slights throughout his life , warning his brothers frequently in his letters against richess ( Yiddish for ' Jew @-@ hatred ' ) . Writing to Heinrich Heine in 1839 , he offered the fatalistic view : 
 I believe that richess is like love in the theatres and novels : no matter how often one encounters it ... it never misses its target if effectively wielded ... [ Nothing ] can grow back the foreskin of which we are robbed on the eighth day of life ; those who , on the ninth day , do not bleed from this operation shall continue to bleed an entire lifetime , even after death . 
 It was probably a similar fatalism that led Meyerbeer never to enter public controversy with those who slighted him , either professionally or personally , although he occasionally displayed his grudges in his Diaries ; for example , on hearing Robert Schumann conduct in 1850 : ' I saw for the first time the man who , as a critic , has persecuted me for twelve years with a deadly enmity.' 
 In his mature operas Meyerbeer selected stories which almost invariably featured as a major element of storyline a hero living within a hostile environment . Robert , Raoul the Huguenot , Jean the prophet , and the defiant Vasco da Gama in L 'Africaine are all ' outsiders ' . It has been suggested that ' Meyerbeer 's choice of these topics is not accidental ; they reflect his own sense of living in a potentially inimical society.' 
 Meyerbeer 's relationship with Heine displays the awkwardness and prickliness of the social personae of both parties . Meyerbeer , apart from any of his personal feelings , needed Heine onside as an influential personality and writer on music . He genuinely admired Heine 's verse , and made a number of settings from it . Heine , living in Paris from 1830 , always equivocal about his loyalties between Judaism and Christianity , and always short of money , asked Meyerbeer to intervene with Heine 's own family for financial support and frequently took loans and money from Meyerbeer himself . He was not above threatening Meyerbeer with blackmail by writing satirical pieces about him ( and indeed Meyerbeer paid Heine 's widow to suppress such writings ) . And yet , at Heine 's death in 1856 , Meyerbeer wrote in his diary ' Peace be to his ashes . I forgive him from my heart for his ingratitude and many wickednesses against me.' 
 
 = = Music and theatre = = 
 
 
 = = = Music = = = 
 
 Meyerbeer did not operate on the basis of any theory or philosophy of music and was not an innovator in harmony or musical form . In the words of John H. Roberts , " He had a rich fund of appealing if somewhat short @-@ breathed melody , commanded an increasingly rich harmonic vocabulary , and was a master of brilliant and novel orchestral effect . But he had very limited skill in thematic development and even less in contrapuntal combination . " 
 All of his significant music is for the voice ( opera and songs ) and this reflects his detailed grounding in Italian opera . Throughout his career he wrote his operas with specific singers in mind and took great care to temper his writing to their strengths ; but at the same time he seemed little interested in expressing the emotions of his characters , preferring to use his music to underline the larger @-@ scale machinations of the plot . In this way he was close to the ideas of his teacher Vogler , himself renowned for his dramatic depictions of nature and incident in keyboard music , who wrote in 1779 that " writing beautifully is easy ; expression is not too difficult ; but only the genius of a great painter ... can choose for each picture agreeable and natural colours that are particular to it . " Indeed , his devotion to the voice often led him to ignore the dramatic cohesion of his operas ; typically , he would write far too much music and the scores of his operas would have to be drastically cut during rehearsals . ( The lengthy overture to Le prophète had to be cut in its entirety , surviving only in a piano arrangement by Charles @-@ Valentin Alkan ) . 
 The first signs of Meyerbeer breaking with the Italian traditions in which he had trained are in Il crociato in Egitto . Amongst other notable features of the opera were its lavish orchestral forces ( extending to two onstage military bands in the final act ) . The grandiosity of the work reflected the need to make an impact on the sophisticated and technologically advanced stages of London and Paris , for which it was extensively rewritten . Meyerbeer 's contribution was revealed at this stage to be the combination of Italian vocal lines , German orchestration and harmony , and the use of contemporary theatrical techniques , ideas which he carried forward in Robert and his later works . However Meyerbeer 's background in the Italian operatic traditions can be clearly seen as late as 1859 in the ' mad scene ' in Dinorah ( the virtuoso aria Ombre légère ) . 
 Typical of Meyerbeer 's innovative orchestration is the use in Robert le diable of dark @-@ toned instruments – bassoons , timpani and low brass , including ophicleide – to characterise the diabolical nature of Bertram and his associates . At one point the arrival of a character is announced by a combination of three solo timpani and pizzicato double @-@ basses . Similar adventurousness is shown in Les Huguenots where the composer uses a solo bass clarinet and solo viola d 'amore to accompany arias . For Le prophète , Meyerbeer considered using the newly invented saxophone . Becker suggests that Meyerbeer in all his grand operas often ' created a deliberately ' unbeautiful ' sound ..... with unusual orchestration designed to express ... content rather than produce a sensuous sound ' and opines that this explains much of the criticism he received from German writers on music . 
 
 = = = Theatre = = = 
 
 Meyerbeer 's concern to integrate musical power with all the resources of contemporary theatre anticipated in some ways the ideas of Wagner 's Gesamtkunstwerk . Becker writes : 
 Wagner 's idea of music drama ... was originally developed by way of grand opera ... his ideas could never have been realised in their particular form without the pioneering development [ s ] ... that Meyerbeer 's operas were the first to demand . 
 Meyerbeer was always concerned to intensify the theatricality of his operas , even when new ideas emerged at a relatively late stage in the music 's composition . An example of his receptiveness was the addition of the provocative " Ballet of the Nuns " in the third act of Robert le diable , at the suggestion of Duponchel . The set for the ballet was an innovative and striking design by Duponchel and Pierre @-@ Luc @-@ Charles Ciceri . Duponchel had also introduced technical innovations for the staging , including ' English traps ' for the sudden appearance and disappearance of the ghosts . ( Meyerbeer was led in fact to complain that the spectacle was too much and was pushing his music into the background ) . In Le prophète the skating ballet , which created a great sensation , was composed after rehearsals had begun , in order to capitalise on the new craze for roller skates . The theatre was also able to use new electrical lighting effects to create a powerful sunrise , and to depict the conflagration which ends the opera . 
 Meyerbeer 's large choral ' tableaux ' also made a major contribution to the overall dramatic effect ; the composer particularly sought opportunities to write such large @-@ scale crowd scenes , and preferred libretti which offered such possibilities . Crosten writes : ' These massive developed sections are the chief glory of the Meyerbeerian opera , for they are not only big in volume but big in their structural design ' . 
 Mention should also be made of Meyerbeer 's intense concern with the business of opera , which indeed had formed part of his studies under Vogler . This gave him the background not only to deal with complex contractual issues and to negotiate with publishers , but extended to wooing the press and ' marketing ' in general . Indeed , he was probably the originator of the ' press conference ' at which journalists were fed refreshment and information . This marketing and commercialisation of opera was reinforced by Meyerbeer 's Paris publisher Maurice Schlesinger who had established his fortune on the back of Robert , and even persuaded Honoré de Balzac to write a novella ( Gambara ) to promote Les Huguenots . Schlesinger 's publication of Franz Liszt 's Reminiscences de Robert le diable sold out on the day of issue and was immediately reprinted . Such manoeuvres did little to endear Meyerbeer to his fellow artists , and indeed engendered envious comments of the sort already quoted from Berlioz and Chopin . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Musical influence = = = 
 
 Meyerbeer had no pupils and no direct ' school ' . Yet as his works spanned the golden age of grand opera , clear traces of his influence can be found in the grand operas of Fromental Halévy , Gaetano Donizetti , Giuseppe Verdi and others . After 1850 , Huebner notes a continuing tradition of operas at Paris where ' principals appear with chorus at the end of an act and where private intrigue conjoins a well @-@ articulated public dimension in the plot ' and cites amongst others Charles Gounod 's La nonne sanglante ( 1854 ) , Ambroise Thomas 's Hamlet and operas by Jules Massenet , amongst them Le roi de Lahore ( 1877 ) and Le Cid ( 1885 ) . The line of succession was however virtually washed away in the tide of Wagner in Paris after 1890 ( see below ) . The influence of Meyerbeer has also been detected in the operas of Antonín Dvořák and other Czech composers , and in the operas of Russian composers including Rimsky @-@ Korsakov and the young Tchaikovsky , who thought Les Huguenots ' one of the greatest works in the repertoire ' . 
 Themes from Meyerbeer 's works were used by many contemporary composers , often in the form of keyboard paraphprases or fantasies . Perhaps the most elaborate and substantial of these is Franz Liszt 's monumental Fantasy and Fugue on the chorale " Ad nos , ad salutarem undam " , S.259 ( 1852 ) , for organ or pédalier , based on the chorale of the Anabaptist priests in Le prophète and dedicated to Meyerbeer . The work was also published in a version for piano duet ( S.624 ) which was much later arranged for solo piano by Ferrucio Busoni . 
 Liszt also wrote piano works based on Robert le diable , notably the Réminiscences de Robert le diable subtitled Valse infernale . He also transcribed two pieces from L 'Africaine , as " Illustrations de l 'opéra L 'Africaine " . Frédéric Chopin and Auguste Franchomme jointly composed a Grand duo concertant on themes from the opera , for cello and piano , in 1832 , and the Italian pianist and composer Adolfo Fumagalli composed an elaborate fantasy on the opera for left hand alone as his Op. 106 . Other pieces based on the opera included works by Adolf von Henselt and Jean @-@ Amédée Méreaux . Similar works , of varying musical quality , were churned out by composers for each of the further operas in attempts to cash in on their success . 
 
 = = = Critical reception = = = 
 
 Meyerbeer 's operas consistently enjoyed enormous popularity during his lifetime , and the verdict of ( the then pro @-@ Meyerbeer ) Wagner in 1841 , when the Paris Opéra was vainly awaiting Le prophète and L 'Africaine , was not atypical : 
 The Paris Opéra lies dying . It looks for its salvation to the German Messiah , Meyerbeer ; if he keeps it waiting much longer , its death agonies will begin ... It is for that reason ... that one only sees Robert le Diable and Les Huguenots turning up again when the mediocrities are forced to withdraw . 
 However , dissenting voices were heard from critics . Not all of these however were on musical grounds . Berlioz for example raised the issue of the inhibiting effects of Meyerbeer 's success ( which he felt particularly as one who struggled to get his works performed ) : " The pressure [ Meyerbeer ] exerts on managers , artists and critics , and consequently on the Paris public , at least as much by his immense wealth as by his eclectic talent , makes all serious success at the Opéra virtually impossible . This baneful influence may still be felt ten years after his death : Heinrich Heine maintains he has ' paid in advance ' . " 
 Mendelssohn disapproved of Meyerbeer 's works on moral grounds , believing Robert le diable to be ' ignoble ' . 
 Schumann 's attack on Les Huguenots was clearly a personal diatribe against Meyerbeer 's Judaism : ' Time and time again we had to turn away in disgust ... One may search in vain for a sustained pure thought , a truly Christian sentiment ... It is all contrived , all make believe and hypocrisy ! ... The shrewdest of composers rubs his hands with glee.' 
 Wagner 's disciple Theodor Uhlig followed Schumann 's Judaeophobic line in his 1850 review of Le prophète : ' To a good Christian [ it ] is at best contrived , exaggerated , unnatural and slick , and it is not possible that the practised propaganda of the Hebrew art @-@ taste can succeed using such means . ' Uhlig 's phrase ' the Hebrew art @-@ taste ' was to be used by Richard Wagner to spark off his attack on Meyerbeer , ' Das Judenthum in der Musik ( Jewishness in Music ) . ' ( see below ) . 
 In 1911 , the composer Charles Villiers Stanford cited Meyerbeer 's music as an example of the dangers he believed lay in improvising at the piano without a clear plan , ( although there is in fact no evidence to suggest Meyerbeer worked in this way ) , writing : ' Man of genius though he was , as any man who wrote the fourth act of the Huguenots must have been , Meyerbeer is a sign @-@ post of this danger of trusting to the pianoforte as a medium of inspiration.' 
 
 = = = Wagner 's campaign against Meyerbeer = = = 
 
 The vitriolic campaign of Richard Wagner against Meyerbeer was to a great extent responsible for the decline of Meyerbeer 's popularity after his death in 1864 . This campaign was as much a matter of personal spite as of racism – Wagner had learnt a great deal from Meyerbeer and indeed Wagner 's early opera Rienzi ( 1842 ) was facetiously called by Hans von Bülow ' Meyerbeer 's best opera ' . Meyerbeer supported the young Wagner , both financially and in helping to obtain the premiere productions of both Rienzi and The Flying Dutchman at Dresden . 
 Wagner 's early correspondence with Meyerbeer , up to 1846 , is cringingly obsequious . However , from the early 1840s , as Wagner developed Tannhäuser and Lohengrin , his ideas on opera increasingly diverged from Meyerbeerean standards ; even in 1843 Wagner had written to Schumann condemning Meyerbeer 's work as ' a striving after superficial popularity ' . During 1846 Meyerbeer turned down Wagner 's application for a loan of 1 @,@ 200 thalers , and this may have marked a turning point . 
 In particular , after 1849 , Wagner resented Meyerbeer 's continuing success at a time when his own vision of German opera had little chance of prospering . After the May Uprising in Dresden of 1849 , Wagner was for some years a political refugee facing a prison sentence or worse should he return to Saxony . During his period of living in exile he had few sources of income and little opportunity of getting his own works performed . The success of Le prophète sent Wagner over the edge , and he was also deeply envious of Meyerbeer 's wealth . In reaction he published , under a pseudonym , his 1850 essay ' Jewishness in Music ' . Without specifically naming Meyerbeer , he interpreted the popular success of the latter as the undermining of German music by alleged Jewish venality and willingness to cater to the lowest tastes , and attributed the supposed poor quality of such ' Jewish music ' to Jewish speech and song patterns , which ' though the cultured son of Jewry takes untold pains to strip them off , nevertheless they shew an impertinent obstinacy in cleaving to him ' . 
 In his major theoretical statement , ' Opera and Drama ' ( 1852 ) , Wagner objected to the music of Meyerbeer , asserting its superficiality and incoherence in dramatic terms ; this work contains Wagner 's well @-@ known put @-@ down of Meyerbeer 's operas as ' effects without causes ' . It also contains the sardonic crack that ' [ Rossini ] never could have dreamt that it would some day occur to the Bankers , for whom he had always made their music , to make it for themselves ' . ' Jewishness in Music ' was reissued in 1869 , ( after Meyerbeer 's death ) in an extended form , with a far more explicit attack on Meyerbeer . This version was under Wagner 's own name – and as Wagner had by now a far greater reputation , his views obtained far wider publicity . These attacks on Meyerbeer ( which also included swipes at Felix Mendelssohn ) are regarded by Paul Lawrence Rose as a significant milestone in the growth of German anti @-@ Semitism . 
 As Wagner prospered , it became second @-@ nature for him , his wife Cosima and the Wagner circle to deprecate Meyerbeer and his works , and Cosima 's Diaries contain numerous instances of this – ( as well as recording a dream of Wagner 's in which he and Meyerbeer were reconciled ) . Wagner 's autobiography ' Mein Leben ' , circulated amongst his friends ( and published openly in 1911 ) , contains constant sniping at Meyerbeer and concludes with Wagner exulting over Meyerbeer 's death . The downgrading of Meyerbeer became a commonplace amongst Wagnerites : in 1898 , George Bernard Shaw , in The Perfect Wagnerite , commented that " Nowadays young people cannot understand how anyone could have taken Meyerbeer 's influence seriously . " 
 Thus as Wagner 's stock rose , Meyerbeer 's fell . In 1890 , the year before the Paris premiere of Wagner 's Lohengrin , there were no Wagner performances at the Paris Opéra , and 32 performances of Meyerbeer 's four grand operas . In 1909 , there were 60 Wagner performances , and only three of Meyerbeer ( Les Huguenots being the sole work performed ) . 
 
 = = = Reevaluation = = = 
 
 Meyerbeer 's costly operas , requiring grand casts of leading singers , were gradually dropped from the repertoire in the early 20th century . They were banned in Germany from 1933 , and subsequently in subject countries , by the Nazi regime because the composer was Jewish , and this was a major factor in their further disappearance from the repertory . 
 One of the first serious post @-@ war studies of Meyerbeer and grand opera was Crosten 's 1948 book Grand Opera : An Art and a Business which laid out the themes and standards for much subsequent research . A major contribution to revival of interest in Meyerbeer was the work of the scholar Heinz Becker , leading to the complete publication , between 1960 and 2006 , of Meyerbeer 's complete diaries and correspondence in German , which are an important source for musical history of the era . The English scholar Robert Letellier has translated the diaries and undertaken a wide range of Meyerbeer studies . Not least , the establishment of a ' Meyerbeer Fan Club ' in America has stimulated interest . 
 Most importantly the operas themselves are now beginning to be revived and recorded , although despite the efforts of such champions as Dame Joan Sutherland , who took part in performances of , and recorded , Les Huguenots , they have yet to achieve anything like the huge popular following they attracted during their creator 's lifetime . Recordings are now available of all the operas from Il crociato onwards , for many of the earlier Italian operas , and for other pieces including his songs and the incidental music for Struensee . 
 Amongst reasons often adduced for the dearth of modern productions are the scale of Meyerbeer 's more ambitious works and the cost of mounting them , as well as the alleged lack of virtuoso singers capable of doing justice to Meyerbeer 's demanding music . However , recent successful productions of some of the major operas at relatively small centres such as Strasbourg ( L 'Africaine , 2004 ) and Metz ( Les Huguenots , 2004 ) show that this conventional wisdom can be challenged . A highly successful production of Les Huguenots conducted by Marc Minkowski with stage direction by Gilbert Py was presented at Brussels ' Théâtre de la Monnaie in 2011 , and a new production of the same work opened at the Staatstheater Nürnberg in 2014 , conducted by Guido Johannes Rumstadt with stage direction by Tobias Kratzer , a co @-@ production with Opéra de Nice . In December 2012 , the Royal Opera House in London premiered its first performance of Robert le diable in 120 years . In 2013 , Meyerbeer 's original version of L 'Africaine in a new critical edition by Jürgen Schläder was performed by Chemnitz Opera House under the original title Vasco de Gama . The production was a success with audiences and critics and won the poll of German critics award presented by Opernwelt magazine annually as " Rediscovery of the year " in 2013 . 
 On 9 September 2013 a plaque to mark Meyerbeer 's last residence was put up at Pariser Platz 6a , Berlin . 
 
 = = On film = = 
 
 Vernon Dobtcheff played the role of Giacomo Meyerbeer in the 1983 film Wagner . 
 
 = = Recordings = = 
 
 A Meyerbeer discography ( updated whenever an additional opera by Meyerbeer is issued on CD ) at the Wayback Machine ( archived October 27 , 2009 ) 
 Recordings of Meyerbeer 's operas as listed on operadis @-@ opera @-@ discography.org.uk / 
 
 
 = Washington State Route 221 = 
 
 State Route 221 ( SR 221 ) is a 25 @.@ 95 @-@ mile ( 41 @.@ 76 km ) long state highway located entirely within Benton County , Washington , United States . The highway serves to connect the unincorporated community of Paterson to the county seat Prosser . The highway has existed since at least 1926 and was designated as Primary State Highway 8E from 1937 until the 1964 renumbering of Washington state highways . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 Washington State Route 221 ( SR 221 ) starts at an intersection with SR 14 in the unincorporated community of Paterson . After leaving Paterson the highway travels north through rural farm land as a two @-@ lane highway . A few minor roads are intersected before the roadway turns to the west after about 17 mi ( 27 km ) , before turning back to the north . After the highway resumes its northerly course it climbs into the Horse Heaven Hills , gaining a passing lane through the uphill segments , before finally terminating at SR 22 in south Prosser . 
 Every year the Washington State Department of Transportation ( WSDOT ) conducts a series of surveys on its highways in the state to measure traffic volume . This is expressed in terms of average annual daily traffic ( AADT ) , which is a measure of traffic volume for any average day of the year . In 2009 , WSDOT calculated that as few as 2 @,@ 000 cars traveled through the central part of the highway , and as many as 2 @,@ 500 cars at the interchange with SR 22 . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The roadway on its current alignment has existed since at least 1926 , however there are records of a road between Paterson and Prosser since 1906 . The highway was designated Secondary State Highway 8E ( SSH 8E ) in 1937 , but the route number was changed to SR 221 during the 1964 state highway renumbering . 
 High winds have forced the closure of SR 221 in 2003 , 2004 , and 2005 due to large amounts of dust being blown around , causing visibility to drop to almost zero through the Horse Heaven Hills . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 The entire highway is within unincorporated Benton County . 
 
 
 = Superman : Escape from Krypton = 
 
 Superman : Escape from Krypton ( originally known as Superman : The Escape ) is a steel shuttle roller coaster located at Six Flags Magic Mountain in Valencia , California . When it opened in 1997 , it was the tallest roller coaster in the world , and its speed of 100 mph ( 160 km / h ) was tied for the fastest with Tower of Terror II , a similar roller coaster which opened two months earlier at Dreamworld in Australia . These two coasters were the first to utilize Linear Synchronous Motor ( LSM ) technology to propel vehicles to top speed . The park originally intended to open the ride in 1996 , but the opening was delayed because of several issues with the launch system . The ride was closed in late 2010 for refurbishment , and it emerged in 2011 as " Superman : Escape from Krypton " . The refurbished ride featured new trains which face backward , and it was painted with a new color scheme . As of 2013 , Superman : Escape from Krypton has the third @-@ tallest structure , the fifth @-@ fastest speed and the third @-@ longest drop in the world . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Superman : The Escape ( 1997 — 2010 ) = = = 
 
 While in the planning stages , the ride was going to be named Velocetron and themed as The Man of Steel . The ride was announced on January 5 , 1996 as Superman : The Escape , breaking records as the first roller coaster to reach 100 miles per hour ( 160 km / h ) , passing Desperado and Phantom 's Revenge at 82 miles per hour ( 132 km / h ) . The ride was designed by Intamin , a Swiss roller coaster firm . It was originally intended to open on June 1 , 1996 . However , due to a range of problems with the launch system , its opening was delayed . In late 1996 , there was a preview for season pass holders . After 10 months of testing and reengineering , the ride opened on March 15 , 1997 . After its opening , the media claimed Superman to be the fastest roller coaster in the world . However , since it was delayed , a similar roller coaster known as Tower of Terror , which also has a 100 @-@ mile @-@ per @-@ hour launch ( 160 km / h ) , had opened about a month earlier at Dreamworld in Australia . Superman therefore lost its claim as being the first roller coaster to reach 100 miles per hour ( 160 km / h ) , although it was then tied with Tower of Terror as the fastest roller coaster in the world . However , the ride became the first roller coaster in the world to go over 400 ft , therefore becoming the tallest roller coaster in the world at the time . 
 In June 2004 , Superman : The Escape 's seat belts were modified because of an incident on the Superman – Ride of Steel roller coaster at Six Flags New England . California State Regulators asked the park to make modifications to the rides ' restraint systems to prevent a similar incident in the future . 
 Just after July 4 weekend of 2010 , Superman : The Escape ceased operations with no reason given . A sign posted in front of the ride indicated that it would not reopen until the 2011 season , with hints that there would be improvements made to the ride experience . After Superman : The Escape 's sister ride , the Tower of Terror II at Dreamworld , underwent a major refurbishment in 2010 which entailed a new vehicle which launches backward , speculation turned to the possibility of a similar modification to the Magic Mountain ride . Six Flags Magic Mountain officials quickly denied rumors that it would receive a Bizarro retheming , similar to roller coasters at other Six Flags parks . 
 
 = = = Superman : Escape from Krypton ( 2011 — present ) = = = 
 
 On October 20 , 2010 , Six Flags Magic Mountain officially announced the refurbishment and re @-@ theming of Superman : The Escape , in addition to the construction of two new roller coasters . As part of the refurbishment , the ride was renamed to Superman : Escape from Krypton and featured new backward launching cars and a new color scheme . The upgraded ride reopened to the public on March 19 , 2011 . 
 Superman : Escape from Krypton closed again on February 5 , 2012 ( almost a year after the refurbishment ) to prepare for the new 2012 attraction Lex Luthor : Drop of Doom . Two drop towers , also built by Intamin , were integrated into the existing sides of Superman : Escape from Krypton 's structure . The ride reopened when construction was finished on July 7 , 2012 . 
 To enable the construction of the park 's 2013 roller coaster , Full Throttle , Superman : Escape from Krypton was temporarily closed from December 2012 . It reopened in mid @-@ January with Six Flags Magic Mountain stating the ride may have intermittent closures as the construction of Full Throttle continues . 
 
 = = Ride experience = = 
 
 
 = = = Queue and station = = = 
 
 At the entrance to the ride , the Superman " S " shield is imprinted and now painted onto the ground . The entrance area and queue are modeled after the Fortress of Solitude , Superman 's headquarters . The station is lit green , modeled as Krypton , the planet that is full of Kryptonite rock that can take away Superman 's powers . Inside is a crystalline @-@ looking environment which recreates Superman 's fortress in the Arctic . If the Velocetron name had been chosen , the queue and station would have had ancient ruins and a giant laser . A page on display in the Sky Tower , the park 's observation tower , shows the concept art for Velocetron . 
 
 = = = Layout = = = 
 
 The roller coaster has two parallel tracks , with both tracks being identical . The vehicle is accelerated by Linear Synchronous Motors in reverse out of the station from 0 to 100 miles per hour ( 160 km / h ) in approximately 7 seconds . Riders experience a g @-@ force of 4 @.@ 5 during the launch . The vehicle then climbs up 415 feet ( 126 m ) at a 90 degree angle . Riders climb this vertical section facing directly downward , before slightly stopping near the top of the tower . During the vertical section of the ride , riders experience weightlessness for about 6 @.@ 5 seconds . The vehicle drops 328 feet ( 100 m ) and is slowed down before re @-@ entering the station . 
 
 = = = Vehicles = = = 
 
 The roller coaster originally featured two vehicles , each with three rows of four seats and one row of three seats for a total of 15 riders per vehicle . Both vehicles were built to only run forward . After the ride was refurbished in 2010 , new " streamlined " vehicles with the Superman logo were introduced . The new vehicles were designed with low @-@ profile sides to enhance the open @-@ air feeling . Although they are wider , the row of the three seats in the older vehicle was reduced to two , resulting in a lower total of 14 riders per vehicle . Both of the new trains were configured to run backward , though they were designed to run forward as well . It was reported that the park would eventually run one side forward to give riders a choice , but both trains have remained facing backward . 
 
 = = = Track = = = 
 
 The steel track is approximately 1 @,@ 235 feet ( 376 m ) in length and the height of the tower is approximately 415 feet ( 126 m ) . The tower is in an " L " shape with two parallel tracks . When the ride opened , the entire structure was painted white . After the ride was refurbished , the top third of the structure was painted red , the track was painted yellow and the rest was painted blue . 
 
 = = Records = = 
 
 For the first four years of operation , Superman : Escape from Krypton was tied with Tower of Terror II as the fastest roller coaster in the world . In 2001 , the speed record was taken by Dodonpa in Japan which features a top speed of 106 @.@ 9 miles per hour ( 172 @.@ 0 km / h ) . Superman : Escape from Krypton held the record for the tallest roller coaster in the world until 2003 when the record was taken by the 420 @-@ foot @-@ tall ( 130 m ) Top Thrill Dragster at Cedar Point . As of 2015 , it has the fifth fastest speed , the third tallest structure and the third @-@ highest drop in the world . 
 
 
 = Battle of Hubbardton = 
 
 The Battle of Hubbardton was an engagement in the Saratoga campaign of the American Revolutionary War fought in the village of Hubbardton , Vermont . Vermont was then a disputed territory sometimes called the New Hampshire Grants , claimed by New York , New Hampshire , and the newly organized and not yet recognized but de facto independent government of Vermont . On the morning of July 7 , 1777 , British forces , under General Simon Fraser , caught up with the American rear guard of the forces retreating after the withdrawal from Fort Ticonderoga . It was the only battle in Vermont during the revolution . ( The Battle of Bennington was fought in what is now Walloomsac , New York . ) 
 The American retreat from Fort Ticonderoga began late on July 5 after British cannons were seen on top of high ground , Mount Defiance ( aka Rattlesnake Mountain and Sugar Loaf Hill ) that commanded the fort . The bulk of General Arthur St. Clair 's army retreated through Hubbardton to Castleton , while the rear guard , commanded by Seth Warner , stopped at Hubbardton to rest and pick up stragglers . 
 General Fraser , alerted to the American withdrawal early on July 6 , immediately set out in pursuit , leaving a message for General John Burgoyne to send reinforcements as quickly as possible . That night Fraser camped a few miles short of Hubbardton , and the German General Friedrich Adolf Riedesel , leading reinforcements , camped a few miles further back . Rising early in the morning , Fraser reached Hubbardton , where he surprised some elements of the American rear , while other elements managed to form defensive lines . In spirited battle , the Americans were driven back , but had almost succeeded in turning Fraser 's left flank when Riedesel and his German reinforcements arrived , eventually scattering the American forces . 
 The battle took a large enough toll on the British forces that they did not further pursue the main American army . The many American prisoners were sent to Ticonderoga while most of the British troops made their way to Skenesboro to rejoin Burgoyne 's army . Most of the scattered American remnants made their way to rejoin St. Clair 's army on its way toward the Hudson River . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 General John Burgoyne began his 1777 campaign for control of the Hudson River valley by moving an army of 8 @,@ 000 down Lake Champlain in late June , arriving near Fort Ticonderoga on July 1 . On July 5 , General Arthur St. Clair 's American forces defending Fort Ticonderoga and its supporting defenses discovered that Burgoyne 's men had placed cannons on a position overlooking the fort . They evacuated the fort that night , with the majority of the army marching down a rough road ( now referred to locally as the 1776 Hubbardton Military Road ) toward Hubbardton in the disputed New Hampshire Grants territory . The day was hot and sunny , and the pace was rapid and grueling ; most of the army marched 30 miles ( 48 km ) to Castleton before making camp on the evening of July 6 . 
 
 = = British troops give chase = = 
 
 The British general , a Scotsman named Simon Fraser discovered early on July 6 that the Americans had abandoned Ticonderoga . Leaving a message for General Burgoyne , he set out in pursuit with companies of grenadiers ( 9th , 29th , 34th , and 62nd Foot ) and light infantry ( 24th , 29th , 34th , 53rd , and 62nd ) , as well as two companies of the 24th Regiment and about 100 Loyalists and Indian scouts . Burgoyne ordered Riedesel to follow ; he set out with a few companies of Brunswick jägers and grenadiers , leaving orders for the rest of his troops to come as rapidly as possible . Fraser 's advance corps was only a few miles behind Colonel Ebenezer Francis ' 11th Massachusetts Regiment , which acted as St. Clair 's rear guard . 
 American general St. Clair paused at Hubbardton to give the main army 's tired and hungry troops time to rest while he hoped the rear guard would arrive . When it did not arrive in time , he left Colonel Seth Warner and the Green Mountain Boys behind , along with the 2nd New Hampshire Regiment under Colonel Nathan Hale , at Hubbardton to wait for the rear while the main army marched on to Castleton . When Francis ' and Hale 's men arrived , Warner decided , against St. Clair 's orders , that they would spend the night there , rather than marching on to Castleton . Warner , who had experience in rear @-@ guard actions while serving in the invasion of Quebec , arranged the camps in a defensive position on Monument Hill , and set patrols to guard the road to Ticonderoga . 
 Baron Riedesel caught up with Fraser around 4 pm , and insisted that his men could not go further before making camp . Fraser , who acquiesced to this as Riedesel was senior to him in the chain of command , pointed out that he was authorized to engage the enemy , and would be leaving his camp at 3 am the next morning . He then advanced until he found a site about three miles ( 4 @.@ 8 km ) from Hubbardton , where his troops camped for the night . Riedesel waited for the bulk of his men , about 1 @,@ 500 strong , and also made camp . 
 
 = = Attack = = 
 
 Fraser 's men were up at 3 am , but did not make good time due to the darkness . Riedesel left his camp at 3 am with a picked group of men , and was still behind Fraser when the latter arrived at Hubbardton near dawn and very nearly surprised elements of Hale 's regiment , which were scattered in the early fighting . A messenger had arrived from General St. Clair delivering news that the British had reached Skenesboro , where the elements of the retreating army had planned to regroup , and that a more circuitous route to the Hudson River was now required . St. Clair 's instructions were to follow him immediately to Rutland . Francis ' men had formed a column to march out around 7 : 15 when the British vanguard began cresting the hill behind them . Rapidly reforming into a line behind some cover , the Massachusetts men unleashed a withering volley of fire at the winded British . General Fraser took stock of the situation , and decided to send a detachment around to flank the American left , at the risk of exposing his own left , which he hoped would hold until Riedesel arrived . Riedesel reached the top of another hill , where he observed that the American line , now including parts of Hale 's regiment , was in fact pressing on Fraser 's left . He therefore sent his grenadiers to support Fraser 's flank and directed the jägers against the American center . 
 At some point early in the conflict , St. Clair was made aware of the gunfire off in the distance . He immediately dispatched Henry Brockholst Livingston and Isaac Dunn to send the militia camped closest to Hubbardton down the road in support of the action . When they reached the area of those camps they found those militia companies in full retreat away from the gunfire in the distance , and no amount of persuasion could convince the men to turn around . Livingston and Dunn continued riding toward Hubbardton . 
 Falling back to a secure position on Monument Hill , the Americans repulsed several vigorous British assaults , although Colonel Francis was hit in the arm by a shot . He soldiered on , directing troops to a perceived weakness on Fraser 's left . The tide of the battle turned when , after more than an hour of battle , Riedesel 's grenadiers arrived . These disciplined forces entered the fray singing hymns to the accompaniment of a military band to make them appear more numerous than they actually were . The American flanks were turned , and they were forced to make a desperate race across an open field to avoid being enveloped . Colonel Francis fell in a volley of musket fire as the troops raced away from the advancing British and scattered into the countryside . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 The scattered remnants of the American rear laboriously made their way toward Rutland in order to rejoin the main army . Harassed by Fraser 's scouts and Indians , and without food or shelter , it took some of them five days to reach the army , which was by then nearing Fort Edward . Others , including Colonel Hale and a detachment of 70 men , were captured by the British as they mopped up the scene . Colonel Francis , in a sign of respect from his opponents , was buried with the Brunswick dead . 
 Baron Riedesel and the Brunswickers departed for Skenesboro the next day , much to General Fraser 's chagrin . Their departure left him in " the most disaffected part of America , every person a Spy " , with 600 tired men , a sizable contingent of prisoners and wounded , and no significant supplies . On July 9 he sent the 300 prisoners , under light guard but with threats of retaliation should they try to escape , toward Ticonderoga while he marched his exhausted forces toward Castleton and then Skenesboro . 
 Livingston and Dunn , the two men sent toward the battle by St. Clair , were met by retreating Americans on the Castleton road after the battle was over . They returned to Castleton with the bad news , and the army marched off , eventually reaching the American camp at Fort Edward on July 12 . 
 
 = = Losses = = 
 
 The official casualty return for the Hessian troops gives 38 Hessian soldiers and 1 French @-@ Canadian killed and 125 Hessians and 2 French @-@ Canadians wounded . A separate return for the German troops has 10 killed and 14 wounded , for a grand total of 49 killed and 141 wounded . Historian Richard M. Ketchum gives different British casualties of 60 killed and 168 wounded . The American casualties were 41 killed , 96 wounded and 230 captured . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 A local body commissioned the erection of a monument on the battlefield site in 1859 , and the state began acquiring battlefield lands in the 1930s for operation as a state historic site . The battlefield was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1971 , and is the site of annual Revolutionary War reenactments . 
 
 
 = Odaenathus = 
 
 Lucius Septimius Udaynath , Latinized as Odaenathus ( Aramaic : ܐܕܝܢܬ / Oḏainaṯ ; Arabic : أذينة / Udaynath ; 220 – 267 ) , was the founder king ( Mlk ) of the Palmyrene Kingdom centered at the city of Palmyra , Syria . He lifted his city from the position of a regional center subordinate to Rome into the supreme power in the East . Odaenathus was born into an aristocratic Palmyrene family who had received Roman citizenship in the 190s under the Severan dynasty . He was the son of Hairan the descendant of Nasor . The circumstances surrounding his rise are ambiguous ; he became the lord ( Ras ) of the city , a position created for him , as early as the 240s and by 258 , he was styled a consularis , indicating a high status in the Roman Empire . 
 The defeat and captivity of emperor Valerian at the hands of the Persian Sassanian monarch Shapur I in 260 left the eastern Roman provinces largely at the mercy of the Persians . Odaenathus stayed on the side of Rome ; assuming the title of king , he led the Palmyrene army and fell upon the Persians before they could cross the Euphrates to the eastern bank , and inflicted upon them a considerable defeat . Then , Odaenathus took the side of emperor Gallienus , the son and successor of Valerian , who was facing the usurpation of Fulvius Macrianus . The rebel declared his sons emperors , leaving one in Syria and taking the other with him to Europe . Odaenathus attacked the remaining usurper and quelled the rebellion . He was rewarded many exceptional titles by the emperor who formalized his self @-@ established position in the East . In reality , the emperor could have done little but to accept the declared nominal loyalty of Odaenathus . 
 In a series of rapid and successful campaigns starting in 262 , he crossed the Euphrates and recovered Carrhae and Nisibis . He then took the offensive to the heartland of Persia , and arrived at the walls of its capital Ctesiphon . The city withstood the short siege but Odaenathus reclaimed the entirety of Roman lands occupied by the Persians since the beginning of their invasions in 252 . Odaenathus celebrated his victories and declared himself King of Kings , crowning his son Hairan I as co @-@ king . By 263 , Odaenathus was in effective control of the Levant , Mesopotamia and Anatolia 's eastern region . 
 Odaenathus observed all due formalities towards the emperor , but in practice ruled as an independent monarch . In 266 , the king launched a second invasion of Persia but had to abandon the campaign and head north to Bithynia to repel the attacks of Germanic riders besieging the city of Heraclea Pontica . He was assassinated in 267 during or immediately after the Anatolian campaign , together with Hairan . The identities of the perpetrator or the instigator are unknown and many stories , accusations and speculations exist in ancient sources . He was succeeded by his son Vaballathus under the regency of his widow Zenobia , who used the power established by Odaenathus to forge the Palmyrene Empire in 270 . 
 
 = = Name , Odaenathus I and origin = = 
