 NC State , needing to score , drove down the field and kicked a go @-@ ahead 33 @-@ yard field goal with 7 : 12 remaining in the game . After a failed possession , Tech was forced to punt the ball , allowing NC State to run down the clock . The Virginia Tech defense eventually forced a stop , giving the Tech offense one final chance to win the game . With 1 : 53 on the clock and beginning from their own 20 @-@ yard line , the Hokies drove 57 yards to the NC State 23 @-@ yard line . There , kicker Chris Kinzer successfully kicked a 40 @-@ yard field goal as time expired to give Virginia Tech the win . 
 
 = = Team selection = = 
 
 The Peach Bowl game was created in 1968 by the Lions Club of Atlanta as a means to attract tourism to the city . First played at Grant Field on the campus of Georgia Tech , the game was moved to Fulton County Stadium in 1971 . By the mid @-@ 1980s , the Peach Bowl was facing hard times . At the time , NCAA guidelines for bowls required 75 percent of gross receipts to go to participating schools , with 33 percent of tickets to the game also required to go to each school . In 1983 , the NCAA threatened to revoke the Peach Bowl 's charter when ticket sales hovered around 25 @,@ 000 with a week to go before the bowl . Last @-@ minute sales saved the game , as attendance at the 1983 game climbed to 40 @,@ 000 and a new television contract allowed the bowl to make a payout of $ 580 @,@ 000 to each team . Still , the bowl 's future was in doubt . 
 In the spring of 1986 , the Metro Atlanta Chamber of Commerce ( MACOC ) took over the Peach Bowl . The bowl executive director at the time was Dick Bestwick , and he encouraged the Chamber to step up its support of the game over what had been provided by the Lions Club . In 1986 , the Peach Bowl had no contractual obligations with college football conferences , as its successor , the Chick @-@ fil @-@ A Bowl , does today . Team selections were made by the Peach Bowl committee , a board of Atlanta community members , business leaders , and organizers of the Peach Bowl . To form one half of the matchup , the committee selected second @-@ place Atlantic Coast Conference team NC State , which accepted the bowl bid on November 22 , 1986 , the day of their final regular @-@ season game . The other half of the matchup was Virginia Tech , a football independent that had finished with nine wins , one loss , and one tie during the regular season and received its invitation one week after the regular season concluded . 
 Virginia Tech had not participated in a bowl game since the 1984 Independence Bowl against Air Force , while NC State was playing in its first postseason game since 1978 . The two teams had played each other 39 times prior to the Peach Bowl , with Virginia Tech leading the all @-@ time series , 20 – 16 – 3 . 
 
 = = = Virginia Tech = = = 
 
 In the days leading up to the Peach Bowl , one sportswriter called Virginia Tech 's 1986 football season a " season of surprises . " Tech began the season having gone 6 – 5 in 1985 . In their first game , the Hokies faced the Cincinnati Bearcats . Tech lost , 24 – 20 , on a last @-@ minute play that saw a Cincinnati pass tipped twice and caught for a sustaining first down . The drive eventually resulted in a game @-@ winning touchdown for Cincinnati . 
 Tech recovered from that season @-@ opening loss by going on a four @-@ game winning streak , defeating Clemson in South Carolina , Syracuse in New York , and East Tennessee State and West Virginia in Blacksburg . On October 11 , against South Carolina , the Hokies tied , 27 – 27 . 
 Then , on a trip to Norfolk , Virginia to face the Temple Owls in the Oyster Bowl , Tech fell 29 – 13 for what appeared to be its second loss of the season . It was later revealed , however , that Temple used an ineligible player in the game , and the Owls were forced to forfeit the win . Following the Temple game , Tech returned to its winning ways , defeating archrival Virginia , Kentucky , Richmond , and Vanderbilt . One week after defeating Vanderbilt , November 22 , 1986 , Tech received an invitation to the 1986 Peach Bowl . 
 
 = = = NC State = = = 
 
 NC State began the 1986 college football season coming off three consecutive losing seasons . Those losing seasons also resulted in the firing of head coach Tom Reed , who was replaced by Dick Sheridan . Sheridan 's first game with the Wolfpack was at home against East Carolina on September 6 . It was an auspicious beginning , as NC State won , 38 – 10 . After a 14 – 14 tie the next week against Pittsburgh , the Wolfpack won their next two games : at home against Wake Forest , and in Maryland against Maryland . 
 On October 11 , NC State traveled to Grant Field in Atlanta , Georgia , home of the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets . There , they suffered a lopsided 59 – 21 loss , the worst ever suffered by a Sheridan @-@ coached team at the time . Following the loss to the Yellow Jackets , said linebacker Pat Teague , " the coaches and players came together . The coaches were hurting as bad as we were . We pulled them up and they pulled us up . That was the turning point . " 
 Following the " turning point , " the Wolfpack won three consecutive games , boosting their overall record to 6 – 1 – 1 . One of the victories was against the Clemson Tigers , who would ultimately go on to win that year 's ACC football championship . On November 8 , NC State traveled to Charlottesville , Virginia , to play the Virginia Cavaliers . In a close @-@ fought game , State lost , 20 – 16 . Though the Wolfpack won their final two regular @-@ season games ( against Duke and Western Carolina Catamounts football ) , the loss to Virginia denied them a share of the ACC championship . Despite that missed opportunity , NC State finished the season with a winning record and received a bid to the Peach Bowl . 
 
 = = Pregame buildup = = 
 
 The Peach Bowl was the final game as head coach of Virginia Tech for Bill Dooley , who had accumulated a record of 62 – 38 – 1 for the Hokies since assuming the head coaching job in 1978 . Tech president William Lavery had long disagreed with Dooley about the role of football at Virginia Tech , and prior to the beginning of the season , Lavery told Dooley that his tenure as coach would end on January 1 , 1987 . This fact was revealed to the football team and the general public after Tech 's third game of the season . At the time , Dooley was the winningest head coach in Virginia Tech history , but was under investigation for recruiting violations and had settled a breach @-@ of @-@ contract lawsuit against the university for $ 3 @.@ 5 million . As part of the out @-@ of @-@ court settlement , Dooley was required to quit his position following the Peach Bowl . In the weeks leading up to the game , Dooley dodged questions about his future . On December 23 , it was announced that Murray State head coach Frank Beamer would replace Dooley after the Peach Bowl . Facing Dooley across the field was NC State head coach Dick Sheridan , who in his first year as head coach of the Wolfpack , was named Atlantic Coast Conference coach of the year and guided the Wolfpack to eight wins . 
 
 = = = Offense = = = 
 
 The game was expected to be an offensive struggle that could potentially break the then @-@ record 74 points scored in the 1970 Peach Bowl . During the regular season , NC State averaged 359 yards on offense per game , while Virginia Tech averaged 358 yards . On defense , State gave up an average of 402 yards per game , while Tech allowed an average of 366 yards . NC State averaged almost 28 points per game , while Virginia Tech averaged just over 24 points . This statistical parity was reflected by pre @-@ game point spreads , which favored NC State by two points . 
 State quarterback Erik Kramer was the cornerstone of one of those high @-@ powered offenses , passing for 2 @,@ 092 yards and 14 touchdowns en route to All @-@ ACC honors and being named the ACC 's player of the year . He set school records for passing yards in a season and total yards in a season despite being hampered by an injured ankle suffered in the Wolfpack 's game against South Carolina . He was ably assisted in the passing game by All @-@ ACC receiver Nasrallah Worthen , who led the team in receptions after catching 41 passes for 686 yards . State 's offense was mostly accumulated through the air , as the Wolfpack averaged less than 160 yards per game on the ground . 
 Virginia Tech 's offense was slightly more balanced , featuring two running backs who had success throughout the regular season . Maurice Williams rushed the ball 166 times for 1 @,@ 029 yards and six touchdowns during the regular season , and Eddie Hunter contributed 872 rushing yards . Through the air , Tech quarterback Erik Chapman passed for 1 @,@ 627 yards and 10 touchdowns during the season prior to the Peach Bowl , making him the most prolific Virginia Tech passer in the nine @-@ year tenure of Tech head Coach Bill Dooley . 
 The Hokies suffered a setback on offense a few days prior to the Peach Bowl when it was announced that offensive tackle Jim Davie was suspended from playing in the game after testing positive for anabolic steroids as part of a nationwide series of random tests conducted by the NCAA . Tech defensive end Morgan Roane was also suspended from playing for reasons not revealed by the university . 
 
 = = = Defense = = = 
 
 On defense , Tech allowed an average of 190 yards per game through the air . Free safety Carter Wiley and cornerback Billy Myers had three interceptions each during the regular season . Virginia Tech linebacker Lawrence White was expected to miss the game after undergoing knee surgery following the Hokies ' last regular @-@ season game . White was the team 's No. 3 tackler in terms of statistics , having accumulated 77 during the course of the regular season . The team 's No. 1 and 2 tacklers were linebackers Paul Nelson and Jamel Agemy , who had 104 and 80 tackles , respectively . The Hokies ' rush defense allowed an average of 175 rushing yards per game and 14 total rushing touchdowns . 
 State 's defense allowed an average of 228 @.@ 6 yards through the air during the regular season and the pass defense led by Derrick Taylor , who had six interceptions . At linebacker , Pat Teague and Kelvin Crooms were considered keys to the Wolfpack run defense , which allowed an average of 173 rushing yards per game and 14 total rushing touchdowns . 
 
 = = = Special teams = = = 
 
 Both Virginia Tech and NC State featured All @-@ America placekickers . NC State 's Mike Cofer was named an Associated Press All @-@ America honorable mention selection after converting 13 of his 17 field goal attempts , while Virginia Tech 's Chris Kinzer had been successful throughout the regular season , making 22 of 27 field goal attempts , and breaking the school record for single @-@ season scoring with 93 points . 
 
 = = Game summary = = 
 
 The 1986 Peach Bowl kicked off at 1 : 05 p.m. EST on December 31 , 1986 , at Fulton County Stadium in Atlanta , Georgia . At kickoff , the sky was partly cloudy with an air temperature of 45 ° F ( 7 ° C ) . The wind was from the south at 12 miles per hour ( 19 km / h ) . The game was played before a sellout crowd of 53 @,@ 668 , just the third sellout in the history of the Peach Bowl at that point . Virginia Tech won the ceremonial pre @-@ game coin toss , and elected to kick off to NC State . Therefore , the Wolfpack received the ball to begin the game , while Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half . The referee for the game was John Nealon , Bob Pickens was the umpire , and Ed Maracich was the linesman . Each team received more than $ 600 @,@ 000 for participating in the game . 
 
 = = = First quarter = = = 
 
 Following Virginia Tech 's kickoff , NC State returned the ball to the 27 @-@ yard line , where the Wolfpack began the game 's first play . That play was a short run to the right . On the next play , NC State picked up the game 's first first down with a rush up the middle by fullback Mal Crite . Crite picked up another first down on the next play , driving the Wolfpack inside Virginia Tech territory , but the Hokies ' defense stiffened and forced the Wolfpack to punt after NC State failed to gain another first down . Tech returned the punt to its 21 @-@ yard line , where the Tech offense took over . On Virginia Tech 's first offensive play , running back Maurice Williams broke free for a 77 @-@ yard run that took the Hokies inside the one @-@ yard line of NC State . The run was the longest of Williams ' career and is a Peach Bowl record for longest play from scrimmage . Two plays later , Virginia Tech 's Eddie Hunter crossed the goal line and scored the game 's first points . The touchdown and extra point made the score 7 – 0 , Virginia Tech . 
 Following Virginia Tech 's post @-@ touchown kickoff , NC State began its second possession of the game at its 24 @-@ yard line after a short kick return . The NC State 's second drive of the game was more successful than its first , but as before , the Wolfpack offense ground to a halt before penetrating too deeply into Tech territory , and State was forced to punt the ball back to Virginia Tech . The Hokie offense began work at its eight @-@ yard line but went three and out and prepared to punt the ball back to NC State . Tech punter Tony Romero , kicking from the Tech goal line , had his kick blocked by State defender Derrick Taylor . The ball rolled into the Virginia Tech end zone and was recovered by an NC State 's Brian Bulluck for a touchdown . The play and extra point tied the game at 7 – 7 . 
 Virginia Tech received NC State 's kickoff and returned it to their 25 @-@ yard line , where Tech 's offense returned to the field . After picking up short yardage on two rushing plays , Tech quarterback Erik Chapman completed a pass to tight end Steve Johnson to give the Hokies a first down at their 48 @-@ yard line with just over four minutes to go in the quarter . Tech continued to drive into Wolfpack territory , but inside the NC State 35 @-@ yard line , Tech committed a 15 @-@ yard illegal block penalty that pushed the Hokies back to the Wolfpack 47 @-@ yard line and had them facing a first down and 25 yards . Though unable to gain the 25 yards needed for another first down , Tech did make up most of the penalty yards , putting the ball at the Wolfpack 30 @-@ yard line . Facing fourth down , Tech sent in kicker Chris Kinzer to attempt a 46 @-@ yard field goal , which was successfully completed . The score gave Tech a 10 – 7 lead with 1 : 06 remaining the first quarter . 
 Kinzer delivered the post @-@ score kickoff , and NC State began its final drive of the first quarter at its 32 @-@ yard line with 1 : 01 remaining . The Wolfpack picked up a quick first down but were forced to punt when they did not gain another . NC State 's punt was returned to the Tech 13 @-@ yard line and the quarter came to an end with Virginia Tech leading , 10 – 7 . 
 
 = = = Second quarter = = = 
 
 Tech began the second quarter in possession of the ball with a first down at their 13 @-@ yard line . The Hokies picked up a first down , but then NC State safety Michael Brooks jumped in front of a Virginia Tech pass , intercepting it at the 50 @-@ yard line . With 13 : 05 remaining in the quarter , NC State had its first offensive possession of the second quarter . The Wolfpack picked up several first downs , driving within the Virginia Tech 25 @-@ yard line for their furthest offensive penetration of the game . After being stopped for no or little gain on consecutive plays , NC State quarterback Erik Kramer completed a 25 @-@ yard touchdown pass to Nasrallah Worthen . The score and extra point gave NC State its first lead of the game , 14 – 10 , with 8 : 55 remaining in the first half . 
 Virginia Tech returned the post @-@ touchdown kickoff to its 26 @-@ yard line . The Hokie offense picked up short gains on first and second down before Tech quarterback Erik Chapman threw his second interception of the game , a pass that was tipped into the air and caught by NC State defender Derrick Taylor . The Wolfpack offense took over at the 46 @-@ yard line of Virginia Tech . On its first play after the interception , Kramer completed a 19 @-@ yard pass to Haywood Jeffires . After a short run , Kramer completed a 13 @-@ yard pass to Jeffries for another first down . Deep inside the Tech red zone , it took the Wolfpack two more plays before Kramer connected on a pass to tight end Ralph Britt for a touchdown . NC State now led 21 – 10 with just over four minutes remaining before halftime . 
 Following the score , kickoff , and return , Tech began another offensive possession at its 24 @-@ yard line . The Hokies picked up two first downs and drove into NC State territory , but the clock continued to tick toward halftime . In the Wolfpack side of the field , Tech running back Eddie Hunter broke free for a 23 @-@ yard run , the longest play by Virginia Tech in the second quarter . There was now just over two minutes remaining in the quarter . Tech was unable to pick up another first down after Hunter 's run , and attempted to convert the fourth down rather than trying a field goal . When the play was stopped for a loss , however , Virginia Tech was denied points and NC State 's offense returned with 47 seconds remaining in the half . 
 The Wolfpack proceeded to run out the clock and took a 21 – 10 lead into halftime . 
 
 = = = Third quarter = = = 
 
 Because NC State received the ball to begin the game , Virginia Tech received the ball to begin the second half . Tech received NC State 's kickoff and returned it to the 10 @-@ yard line , where the Hokie offense began work . Tech began working down the field , running the ball for short gains and throwing passes for longer gains . Tech picked up three first downs , then reached NC State territory on a pass to Donnelly . Once on the NC State side of the field , Tech picked up another first down , but Tech 's quarterback was sacked on third down for a loss , and the Hokies were forced to punt the ball away . The ball landed at the NC State 12 @-@ yard line where the Wolfpack began a drive . 
 NC State went three and out after receiving the ball , and after Tech incurred a running into the kicker penalty on the first punt attempt , NC State punted the ball away . After the kick , Tech took over on offense at its 27 @-@ yard line . On Tech 's first play after the punt , however , Hunter fumbled the ball after a 10 @-@ yard rush . NC State recovered the ball , and the Wolfpack offense returned to the field at the Tech 40 @-@ yard line . On their first play after the fumble recover , Kramer completed a 12 @-@ yard pass to Worthen for a first down . During the next play , Kramer fumbled the ball while attempting to run with it , and Virginia Tech 's defense recovered . This allowed the Tech offense to return to the field and attempt another offensive drive beginning at their 27 @-@ yard line . 
 Tech picked up a first down , then Chapman was forced to scramble for a first down after facing third and 10 . Stopped inches short of gaining the first down , Tech risked turning the ball over by attempting to convert the fourth down . Unlike their previous try in the game , Tech was successful and the Hokies ' drive continued . Tech continued to pick up yardage and first downs , advancing deep into the NC State side of the field . Inside the State 30 @-@ yard line , Tech quarterback Chapman was sacked for a 10 @-@ yard loss . He responded by throwing a 30 @-@ yard pass on the next play , driving Virginia Tech inside the State one @-@ yard line . Williams rushed into the end zone with 33 seconds remaining in the quarter , cutting the Wolfpack lead to 21 – 16 . Virginia Tech elected to attempt a two @-@ point conversion , which was unsuccessful . 
 NC State received Tech 's post @-@ touchdown kickoff and returned the ball to their 32 @-@ yard line . The Wolfpack offense had time for just one play — an eight @-@ yard pass — before the end of the quarter . With one quarter remaining in the game , NC State still held a 21 – 16 lead . 
 
 = = = Fourth quarter = = = 
 
 The fourth quarter began with NC State in possession of the ball at their 40 @-@ yard line and facing a second down and one yard . On the first play of the quarter , NC State quarterback Erik Kramer ran the ball , but fumbled at the end of the run . The ball was recovered by Virginia Tech , and the Hokie offense took the field . The first Virginia Tech play of the quarter was a first @-@ down throw to David Everett that drove the Hokies into Wolfpack territory . Tech followed the pass by driving down the field with alternating run and pass plays . Tech penetrated the NC State 20 @-@ yard line with 12 minutes remaining in the quarter , and continued to drive . Once the Hokies crossed the State 10 @-@ yard line , the State defense stiffened and the Hokies were able to gain a first down only with difficulty . With a first down at the State seven @-@ yard line , it took Tech just two plays to earn a touchdown . The Hokies again attempted a two @-@ point conversion , but were again stopped short . Despite that setback , the touchdown gave Tech six points and a 22 – 21 lead , their first since the 8 : 55 mark in the second quarter . 
 Because Tech committed a 15 @-@ yard unsportsmanlike conduct penalty following the touchdown , NC State was able to acquire good field position during the kickoff return , starting their drive at their 44 @-@ yard line . On the second play of the drive , Erik Kramer completed an 18 @-@ yard pass to Nasrallah Worthen , driving State into the Tech side of the field . After a short play , Kramer again completed a long pass , this time to Bobby Crumpler for 24 yards . Now inside the Tech red zone , Kramer was tackled for a big loss , losing some of the yardage that he had gained with the previous play . NC State was unable to pick up another first down and sent in Mike Cofer to attempt a 33 @-@ yard kick , which was successfully completed . The field goal regained NC State a 24 – 22 lead . 
 Following the post @-@ score kick , Tech began its offensive drive at its 23 @-@ yard line with just under seven minutes to play in the game . The Hokies picked up a first down on three short rushing plays , then another on a single passing play . This drove the Hokies to their 45 @-@ yard line with just over five minutes to play . Tech was unable to gain another first down and was forced to punt the ball to NC State . The ball was fielded at the 14 @-@ yard line , which was where the NC State offense began its final drive of the game . 
 On State 's first play after the punt , fullback Mal Crite ran for a 40 @-@ yard gain , pushing State 's offense to the Tech 46 @-@ yard line with just over four minutes left . State pushed forward another seven yards , but failed to gain another first down and prepared to punt the ball back to Tech with 3 : 14 remaining in the game . Rather than punt the ball , however , State punter Kelly Hollodick instead received the snap on fourth down and ran for a first down . Because State retained possession , it was able to continue to run down the clock after the fake punt . Tech stopped the clock once by calling a timeout and prevented State from gaining another first down . With 2 : 01 remaining in the game , State punted the ball into Tech 's end zone for a touchback . 
 Tech 's offense took the field at their 20 @-@ yard line with 1 : 53 remaining in the game , two timeouts left ( used to stop the clock as necessary ) , and needing at least a field goal to win the game . Tech picked up one first down via a pass , then another as the Hokies drove to their 44 @-@ yard line . Stopped short of midfield with less than a minute to play , Tech called its second timeout in order to stop the game clock from ticking down . In college football , the clock stops after a team earns a first down , and because Virginia Tech had not earned a first down on the short run , Tech was forced to call the timeout . Following the timeout , the Hokies ran for a first down , penetrating to the NC State 44 @-@ yard line . With 53 seconds remaining , Chapman scrambled out of bounds on a short run . Another short run brought the Hokies to the State 36 @-@ yard line , and the Hokies called their final timeout to stop the clock . A few plays later , Tech ran a short running play that kept the clock running down . With just 33 seconds remaining and no other way to stop the clock , Tech 's Maurice Williams questionably stayed down with a leg cramp and the referees stopped the clock to allow the injured player to receive assistance from athletic trainers before the next play . Facing fourth down and needing three yards for drive @-@ continuing first down , Chapman passed for a first down at the State 29 @-@ yard line with 15 seconds remaining in the game . On the game 's next play , Tech committed a holding penalty , which pushed the Hokies 10 yards further away from the end zone , out of field goal range , with 11 seconds remaining . 
 On the game 's next play , Chapman passed the ball deep , toward the end zone . Though the pass fell incomplete , a game official called a 15 @-@ yard pass interference penalty against NC State . This moved the ball to the NC State 23 @-@ yard line and forced Tech kicker Chris Kinzer to attempt a potentially game @-@ winning 40 @-@ yard field goal with four seconds remaining . Though NC State coach Dick Sheridan called a timeout in an attempt to ice Chris Kinzer , the kick sailed through the uprights and Virginia Tech won a 25 – 24 victory as time expired . 
 
 = = Statistical summary = = 
 
 In recognition of their performance in a losing effort , NC State quarterback Erik Kramer was named the game 's offensive most valuable player , while on defense , NC State cornerback Derrick Taylor won the honor . Kramer finished the game having completed 12 of his 19 passes for 155 yards . On the opposite side of the field , Virginia Tech quarterback Eric Chapman finished with 20 completions out of 30 attempts for two touchdowns and 200 passing yards . 
 Virginia Tech running back Maurice Williams ' 77 @-@ yard run on the second play of the game remains the longest play from scrimmage in the Peach Bowl ( today the Chick @-@ fil @-@ A Bowl ) , and Virginia Tech also set the current record for the most first downs in a Peach Bowl ( 29 ) . Williams finished the game with 16 carries for 129 yards , and was the game 's leading rusher . The second @-@ place rusher was fellow Hokie running back Hunter , who ran with the ball 22 times for 113 yards . NC State 's leading rusher was fullback Mal Crite , who finished the game with 14 carries for 101 yards . 
 
 = = Postgame effects = = 
 
 Virginia Tech 's win brought it to a final 1986 record of 10 – 1 – 1 , while NC State 's loss took it to a final record of 8 – 3 – 1 . The victory was Virginia Tech 's first bowl win in school history and was the team 's only such win until 1993 , when Tech defeated Indiana University in the 1993 Independence Bowl . 
 Peach Bowl officials pronounced themselves pleased with both the turnout for the game and the action on the field . Though traffic jams snarled attendees ' arrival to the stadium , there were only 5 @,@ 366 no @-@ shows out of 58 @,@ 212 tickets sold . Following the game , Peach Bowl chairman Ira Hefter announced that the bowl would seek corporate sponsorship and a potential television broadcast deal with a major American television network . The takeover by the chamber of commerce also proved to be successful , as the 1986 game made a small profit . This was an improvement over the three previous Peach Bowls , which lost more than $ 170 @,@ 000 . The sellout also confirmed that the game would continue to be held annually instead of being abandoned , as sportswriters had speculated prior to the 1986 game . 
 Tech kicker Chris Kinzer , who kicked the game @-@ winning field goal , did not go on to play in the National Football League despite predictions that he might do so . He attended several NFL teams ' tryouts , but a contract to play in the league never materialized . He sold insurance for several years , then reentered school and graduated from Virginia Tech in 1994 with a degree . 
 
 = = Later aftermath = = 
 
 Virginia Tech would go on to join the Atlantic Coast Conference , which NC State was a member of , in 2004 . The ACC now sends a team to the later @-@ renamed Chick @-@ Fil @-@ A Bowl every year . 
 
 
 = Greens Ledge Light = 
 
 Greens Ledge Lighthouse is a sparkplug lighthouse in Connecticut , United States , off the southwest end of the Norwalk Islands , Long Island Sound , near Norwalk , Connecticut . It is on north side of the west end of Greens Ledge , west of Norwalk Harbor a mile south of the entrance to Five Mile River at Rowayton , and just over a mile southwest of Sheffield Lighthouse . Completed in 1902 , it was constructed by the Philadelphia Construction Company . The light is 52 feet ( 16 m ) tall and is made of five courses that make up its four stories . The lantern measures 7 feet ( 2 @.@ 1 m ) in diameter . The Greens Ledge Light replaced the Sheffield Island Light . Originally , the light had a fifth @-@ order Fresnel lens , but a fourth @-@ order Fresnel lens was installed in May 1902 , just three months into its operation . Currently a VRB @-@ 25 is in use and it has alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds . The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Greens Ledge Lighthouse on May 29 , 1990 . 
 
 = = Design = = 
 
 In the 1890s , the lighthouse was first formally proposed to mark the Norwalk Harbor . In 1899 , the United States Congress appropriated $ 60 @,@ 000 for the establishment of a light and fog signal at Greens Ledge . In 1900 , the Philadelphia Construction Company was contracted to construct the foundation and the superstructure . The design for this type of lighthouse was first realized in 1873 , from Major Eliiot of the Lighthouse Board . The foundation form is made of identical curved @-@ iron plates with top inward @-@ pointing flanges that are bolted together and secured with knees . The assembled rings are lowered into the water and filled with concrete or stone , concrete for the Greens Ledge Light . A series of photographs from the work in 1901 shows the assembly of the three lower courses at Wilson 's Point , the lowering of the cylinder and the light in the fall of 1901 prior to a deposit of protective riprap . 
 The 52 @-@ foot ( 16 m ) tall Greens Ledge Light was completed in 1902 and serves as a typical example of a sparkplug lighthouse . Located in 10 feet ( 3 @.@ 0 m ) of water , the foundation flares out to support the deck the lighthouse is built on and includes a cavity for the lighthouse 's brick basement and cisterns . The four @-@ story structure of the lighthouse is assembled from five courses of curved iron plates . The interior is lined with brick to insulate and strengthen the tower and to " provid [ e ] an anchorage for the winding cast @-@ iron stairs which rise on the periphery of each story , " writes historian Dorothy Templeton . 
 The plain prefabricated features underwent a period of development of which the Greens Ledge Light was part of a second phase . Templeton describes , " the brackets which support the watchroom gallery and covered deck [ as having ] a simplified classical detailing and [ the ] rectilinear window sashes are enclosed in shallower , plainer cast @-@ iron surrounds . " A deck encircles the light on above the first story , the watchroom and lantern . The original roofing and some cast @-@ iron stanchions of the decks are able to be seen atop the riprap . The cast @-@ iron door to the lighthouse faces south and at the time of nomination the windows were sealed with plywood . The first floor of the lighthouse serves as the kitchen . The second level has two rooms split by a partition with the smaller room being a bathroom . The third level was not divided , but did not have a description in the National Historic Register of Places survey . The fourth floor has six porthole windows and has had much of its woodwork removed and part of the cast @-@ iron floor and brick wall are exposed . The lighthouse 's lantern measures 7 feet ( 2 @.@ 1 m ) in diameter . Once active , the Sheffield Island Light was discontinued . 
 
 = = Service = = 
 
 Originally , the light had a fifth @-@ order Fresnel lens , but a fourth @-@ order Fresnel lens was installed in May 1902 , just three months into its operation . The light characteristic was a fixed white light with a red flash every 15 seconds . In 1972 , the light was automated and the Fresnel lens was replaced with a modern optic . The light continues to serve as an active aid to navigation . In 1987 , a FA @-@ 251 was installed before the current lens , a VRB @-@ 25 was installed . The current light characteristic is an alternating white and red flash every 24 seconds . The white and red flashes can be seen for 18 nautical miles and 15 nautical miles , respectably . 
 During its service , the tower began to tilt and the keepers moved all the furniture to one side of the tower . The problem was reported to have been exacerbated following the 1938 New England hurricane . 
 
 = = Importance = = 
 
 The light was added to the National Register of Historic Places as Greens Ledge Lighthouse on May 29 , 1990 . It is listed as " significant as a typical example of a pre @-@ fabricated cast @-@ iron conical lighttower on a cast @-@ iron tubular foundation . " 
 The lighthouse served as a source of inspiration for Walter DuBois Richards , an artist , for over forty years . Since 1935 , swimmers have been competing annually in the Arthur J. Ladrigan Swim Race , a one @-@ mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) race from the lighthouse to Bayley Beach in the Rowayton section of Norwalk . 
 
 = = List of keepers = = 
 
 This list includes known keepers , but excludes assistants and non @-@ officers of the Coast Guard . 
 
 
 = Action of 13 September 1810 = 
 
 The Action of 13 September 1810 was an inconclusive frigate engagement during the Napoleonic Wars between British Royal Navy and French Navy frigates during which a British frigate was defeated by two French vessels near Isle de France ( now Mauritius ) , but British reinforcements were able to recapture the ship before the French could secure her . The British frigate was HMS Africaine , a new arrival to the Indian Ocean . She was under the command of Captain Robert Corbet , who had served there the previous year . Corbet was a notoriously unpopular officer and his death in the battle provoked a storm of controversy in Britain over claims that Corbet had either committed suicide at the shame of losing his ship , been murdered by his disaffected crew , or been abandoned by his men , who were said to have refused to load their guns while he remained in command . Whether any of these rumours were accurate has never been satisfactorily determined , but the issue has been discussed in several prominent naval histories and was the subject of at least one lawsuit . 
 The action came about as a direct consequence of the Battle of Grand Port three weeks earlier , in which a British squadron had been destroyed in a failed attack on Grand Port harbour on Isle de France . This gave the French forces on the island a significant regional advantage , outnumbering the British frigate on the recently captured Île Bourbon , commanded by Commodore Josias Rowley , by six to one . British reinforcements were hastily despatched to the area but the French were blockading Île Bourbon in force and the arriving reinforcements were in constant danger of attack by more powerful French units . Africaine was the first ship to reinforce Rowley 's squadron , but within three days of her arrival in the region was engaged by two French ships while attempting to drive them away from Saint Denis on Île Bourbon . Corbet was severely wounded in the opening exchanges and subsequently died . Although his crew fought hard , they were overwhelmed by the French frigates and forced to surrender , only for Rowley to arrive in HMS Boadicea and drive off the French warships , recapturing Africaine . 
 
 = = Background = = 
 
 In 1808 , both the British Royal Navy and the French Navy despatched frigate squadrons to the Indian Ocean . The French , led by Commodore Jacques Hamelin , were ordered to disrupt British trade in the region , particularly targeting the large East Indiamen that carried millions of pounds worth of goods between Britain and her Empire . The British force under Commodore Josias Rowley was tasked with the blockade and eventual capture of the two well defended island bases of the French , Île Bonaparte and Isle de France . At the Action of 31 May 1809 , a French frigate named Caroline captured two East Indiamen , sheltering with her prizes at Saint Paul on Île Bonaparte . In his first major operation against the islands , Rowley landed soldiers behind the defences of the harbour and sent his ships into the bay , seizing the town and the shipping in the harbour , including Caroline . One of Rowley 's captains who had performed well in this engagement was Robert Corbet of HMS Nereide . Refitting the Caroline as a British warship and renaming her HMS Bourbonaise , Rowley placed Corbet in command and sent him to Britain with despatches . 
 Over the following year , the French continued to attack British trade convoys , achieving important victories at the Action of 18 November 1809 and the Action of 3 July 1810 , where they captured another five East Indiamen as well as numerous smaller merchant ships and a large Portuguese frigate . Rowley too was active , commanding the successful Invasion of Île Bonaparte in July and renaming the island Île Bourbon , basing his squadron at Saint Paul on the island 's eastern shore . From this base , Rowley 's ships were ideally positioned to begin a close blockade of Isle de France , led initially by Captain Samuel Pym in HMS Sirius . Pym sought to reduce French movement by seizing a number of fortified offshore islands , starting with Île de la Passe off Grand Port . The island was captured , but when a French squadron broke through the British blockade and took shelter in Grand Port , Pym resolved to attack them . The ensuing Battle of Grand Port was a disaster for Rowley 's squadron , as Pym led four of Rowley 's five frigates into the bay without adequately assessing the channel through the coral reefs that sheltered the harbour . As a result , two frigates grounded out of range of the enemy and the remaining two were outnumbered in confined waters . In a complicated battle lasting several days , two of Pym 's frigates were captured and two more had to be scuttled , with their entire crews made prisoner . Rowley 's reinforcements arrived too late , and the British commodore was chased back to Saint Denis by Hamelin 's flagship . 
 While Rowley and Hamelin had sparred in the Indian Ocean , Corbet had made the lengthy journey back to Britain . During his time in command of Nereide , Corbet had already developed a reputation as a strict disciplinarian , regularly beating his men for the slightest infractions , to the extent that he had provoked a brief mutiny on Nereide in 1808 . His reputation spread before him , and when he switched commands with Captain Richard Raggett of HMS Africaine , he was met with a storm of protest from Africaine 's crew . Although none of the men aboard Africaine had served with Corbet before , his preference for brutal punishment was well known in the Navy and the crew sent a letter to the Admiralty insisting that they would not serve under him . Concerned at what they considered to be mutiny , the Admiralty sent three popular officers to Africaine with the message that if the protest was quietly dropped there would be no courts @-@ martial for mutiny but if not , the entire crew would be liable to attack . To emphasise the threat , the frigate HMS Menelaus was brought alongside with her gunports open and her cannon ready to fire . Chastened , the crew of Africaine allowed Corbet aboard and the frigate sailed for the Indian Ocean a few days later , carrying instructions for the authorities at Madras to prepare an expeditionary force to invade Isle de France . 
 
 = = Africaine off Isle de France = = 
 
 Africaine 's journey to Madras took several months and Corbet made a number of stops on his passage , the final one being at the small British island base of Rodriguez in early September 1810 . There Corbet was informed of the disaster at Grand Port and on his own initiative immediately sailed south to augment Rowley 's weakened squadron . Arriving off Isle de France at 06 : 15 on 11 September , Corbet spotted a French schooner near Île Ronde and gave chase , the schooner sheltering behind the reefs at Grand Bay on the eastern side of the island . At 07 : 30 , Corbet ordered the frigate 's boats to enter the creek into which the schooner had fled , the small craft entering the waterway in the hope of storming and capturing the vessel . As the boats approached , French soldiers and militia appeared along the banks and began firing on the British sailors . Fire was returned by Royal Marines in the boats , but Africaine 's barge grounded soon after the ambush was sprung and became trapped , French gunfire killing two men and wounding ten . The other boat reached the grounded and abandoned schooner , but the six men aboard were unable to move the vessel unaided and were forced to depart , coming under fire which wounded five men , before they could escape the French trap . 
 Retrieving his boats , Corbet determined to sail to Île Bourbon directly . By 04 : 00 on 12 September he had arrived at Saint @-@ Denis and there landed his wounded and came ashore for news , learning that two French frigates were just offshore , blockading the port . The French ships had spotted Africaine in the harbour and despatched the small brig Entreprenant to Isle de France with information of her whereabouts , although Corbet had raised flags that successfully deceived the French into believing that his frigate was Rowley 's flagship HMS Boadicea . The French ships were Astrée , commanded by Pierre Bouvet , and Iphigénie , formerly one of the British frigates captured at Grand Port , under René Lemarant de Kerdaniel . 
 
 = = = Battle = = = 
 
 Rowley , stationed at Saint @-@ Paul to the west of Saint @-@ Denis , received word that Africaine had arrived at Saint Denis and immediately sought to drive off the French blockade . Sailing eastwards , Boadicea came within sight of Bouvet 's squadron at 15 : 00 and the British flagship followed by the small brigs HMS Otter and HMS Staunch . Corbet recognised Rowley 's intention and joined the attack , embarking 25 soldiers from the 86th Regiment of Foot to replace his losses at Grand Bay . The French , still believing Africaine to be Boadicea , assumed that Boadicea was an East Indiaman named Windham in disguise , and fell back towards Isle de France before the British force . 
 Otter and Staunch both fell rapidly behind Boadicea , while Africaine pulled far ahead . By 18 : 20 , lookouts on Africaine could no longer see the other British ships , and by 18 : 30 , Boadicea was similarly alone . Bouvet realised the lack of cohesion in the British squadron , and also recognised that Africaine was faster than either of his ships and would soon catch them . As a result , he slowed and prepared to meet the British frigate as night fell . Corbet now found himself outnumbered and began to launch rockets and flares in the hope of attracting Rowley 's attention and as the French closed with Africaine , he readied his ship for action . 6 nautical miles ( 11 km ) behind , Rowley could see the flares and flashes but was powerless to intercede in the darkness . At 01 : 50 on 13 September , the gap had closed between Africaine and the French ships , and at 02 : 20 Corbet opened fire on Astrée , with Bouvet returning the fire immediately . 
 A cannonball from the second French broadside struck Corbet within minutes of the first broadside , the ball tearing off his foot above the ankle just as a large wooden splinter thrown from the gunwale struck the thigh of the same leg , shattering the bone . Corbet was brought below to the ship 's surgeon where the remnant of his leg was hastily amputated and bound , and command devolved on Lieutenant John Crew Tullidge . At 02 : 30 , Astrée pulled away from Africaine to perform hasty repairs , but Bouvet 's guns had wrecked Africaine 's rigging , leaving the British frigate uncontrollable and largely immobile . Slowly moving ahead , Africaine engaged Iphigénie at close range but was counter attacked by Astrée and found herself assailed on both sides , Astrée angled in such a position that she was able to rake the British ship , inflicting significant damage and casualties . 
 By 03 : 30 , Africaine was in ruins . Tullidge was wounded in four places , but refused to leave the deck as the ship 's master had been decapitated and the other lieutenant shot in the chest . All three topmasts had collapsed and as guns were dismounted and casualties increased the return fire of Africaine became more and more ragged , until it stopped entirely at 04 : 45 , when only two guns were still capable of firing . French fire stopped at 05 : 15 , first light showing Boadicea 5 nautical miles ( 9 @.@ 3 km ) away and unable to affect the surrender of Africaine , which had hauled down its flags at 05 : 00 . Within minutes , a French prize crew boarded the battered frigate and seized the magazine of shot and gunpowder , which was shipped to Iphigénie whose ammunition was almost exhausted . 
 
 = = = Boadicea arrives = = = 
 
 At 06 : 00 , a breeze pushed Boadicea forward and she began to close with her former consort , Rowley watching as all three of Africaine 's masts gave way and collapsed over the side one by one . By 08 : 00 , Africaine was a dismasted hull and Corbet was dead in the bowels of the ship , although the exact manner of his death was to cause lasting controversy . By 10 : 00 , Boadicea had been joined by Otter and Staunch and bore down on the French ships and their prize , so that by 15 : 30 Bouvet was persuaded to abandon Africaine and tow the damaged Iphigénie back to Port Napoleon . By 17 : 00 , Boadicea pulled alongside Africaine and the French prize crew surrendered . Rowley later reported that a number of British sailors leaped into the sea at his approach and swam to Boadicea , requesting that they be allowed to pursue the French ships in the hope of capturing one . 
 Rowley dismissed this idea given the shattered state of Africaine and instead towed the frigate back to Île Bourbon , shadowed by Astrée and Iphigénie on the return journey . The French frigates did achieve some consolation in pursuing Rowley from a distance , running into and capturing the Honourable East India Company 's armed brig Aurora , sent from India to reinforce Rowley . On 15 September , Boadicea , Africaine and the brigs arrived at Saint Paul , Africaine sheltering under the fortifications of the harbour while the others put to sea , again seeking to drive away the French blockade but unable to bring them to action . Bouvet returned to Port Napoleon on 18 September , and thus was not present when Rowley attacked and captured the French flagship Vénus and Commodore Hamelin at the Action of 18 September 1810 . 
 
 = = Aftermath = = 
 
 The action was the first of two in this campaign in which lone British frigates were briefly overwhelmed by superior French forces as they sailed independently to join Rowley 's squadron . On each occasion however , Rowley was able to recapture the lost frigate and drive off the French attackers . Corbet 's action was particularly violent , British casualties totalling 49 killed and 114 wounded , including every single officer and all but three of the soldiers embarked . Africaine was seriously damaged and would not be ready to return to active service for some months . French losses were less severe , Astrée suffering one killed and two wounded , Iphigénie nine killed and 33 wounded . 
 The action was considered a defeat by the Admiralty and was not reported in the London Gazette . The British naval authorities were particularly disturbed by rumours that began to circulate concerning the death of Captain Corbet and the behaviour of his crew during the battle . Prominent among these rumours was the suggestion that Corbet had been murdered by his disaffected crew : historian William James wrote in 1827 that " There are many who will insist , that Captain Corbett 's [ sic ] death @-@ wound was inflicted by one of his own people . " although he goes on to point out the unlikelihood of Corbet being shot by one of his own cannon . He gives more credence to the story that Corbet committed suicide to avoid the shame of defeat , that he " cut the bandages from his amputated limb , and suffered himself to bleed to death . " This story was also alluded to in Edward Pelham Brenton 's 1825 history : " Corbet did not ( we fear would not ) survive his capture " . The truth of Corbet 's end will never be known with certainty , although James ultimately concludes that Corbet 's wound was almost certainly a mortal one and thus the most likely cause of death . 
 A second accusation , and one that proved even more controversial in the aftermath of the engagement , was the claim that Africaine 's crew abandoned their guns , refused to load them or deliberately fired them into the sea in protest at Corbet 's behaviour . Corbet 's brutality was well known in the Navy , James describing him as " an excessively severe officer " who had a " career of cruelty " . James does not accuse the crew of any deliberate attempt to sabotage their ship in the engagement , instead attributing their poor gunnery to Corbet 's own failings as a commander , most significantly his failure to practice gunnery regularly . Other authors were less understanding of the crew of Africaine , Brenton stating that " they cut the breechings of their guns , and put no shot in them after the first or second broadside " , while historian Basil Hall baldly stated in 1833 that they " preferred to be mown down by the French broadsides " than fight under Corbet . This last accusation provoked outrage among naval officers , and Captain Jenkin Jones , a former shipmate of Corbet launched a successful lawsuit , forcing Hall to make a retraction . In 1900 , William Laird Clowes commented that " There is , unfortunately , much reason to suppose that Captain Corbett 's [ sic ] reputation for extreme severity had antagonised his crew , and that the men did not behave as loyally as they should have behaved " . He later castigates Brenton for the suggestion that Corbet committed suicide , suggesting that the wound alone was the cause of death . Modern historians have also been scathing of Corbet 's behaviour , Robert Gardiner calling him " notoriously brutal , " and Richard Woodman describing Tullidge as " an unfortunate victim of Corbet 's cruelty , for suspicions lingered that Africaine 's brutalised crew had failed to do their utmost in support of their hated commander . " 
 
 
 = M @-@ 114 ( Michigan highway ) = 
 
 M @-@ 114 was the designation of a former state trunkline highway and planned beltline in the US state of Michigan around the city of Grand Rapids . It was designated by the end of 1929 on various streets in adjoining cities and townships . By the 1940s , sections of it on the west and south sides of Grand Rapids were given new designations and the segment along the east side of town was finished . By late 1945 the highway designation was completely decommissioned in favor of other numbers . M @-@ 114 split into two branches , one running east – west and the other running north – south . The east – west spur routing is now local streets while the rest is part of state highways . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The first segments of M @-@ 114 were completed by January 1 , 1930 , and ran along the west side of Grand Rapids , on what is now Wilson Avenue between Lake Michigan Drive and Leonard Street . At the same time , what would become a spur was also finished from the town of Cascade to US 131 ( Division Avenue ) . By July 1 that same year , the southern segment was extended west to Clyde Park Avenue in Wyoming Township . By the end of 1936 M @-@ 114 was a three @-@ legged trunkline around the Grand Rapids area . It started at US 16 in Walker Township and ran south to Grandville where it turned to run eastward to the community of Cascade . The third leg was shown on maps as under construction from a junction in Paris Township north to a junction with US 16 in East Grand Rapids ; the trunkline continued north from US 16 to a junction with US 131 in Plainfield Township north of Grand Rapids . 
 By June 15 , 1942 the highways in the Grand Rapids area were reconfigured . A Bypass US 16 ( BYP US 16 ) designation was assigned to the portion of M @-@ 114 that traveled around the southwest side of Grand Rapids ( now M @-@ 11 ) , leaving just the east and unfinished north segments left . The section along the east side of the city was completed as M @-@ 114 . A northern leg was added along 3 Mile Road at the same time . By 1945 , the northern leg of M @-@ 114 was turned back to local control and removed from the highway system . The eastern leg was assigned a BYP US 131 designation , thereby eliminating the last remaining portion of M @-@ 114 . A BYP M @-@ 21 designation was also used along part of the southern and eastern legs . East Beltline now carries M @-@ 37 and M @-@ 44 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 As it existed before the designation was removed , M @-@ 114 started at the corner of BYP US 16 ( 28th Street ) and what is now East Beltline Avenue in Paris Township ( now Kentwood ) and ran northward . The trunkline intersected the mainline for US 16 / M @-@ 50 at Cascade Road and the mainline for M @-@ 21 at Fulton Street near East Grand Rapids in Grand Rapids Township . Further north , the highway split into two . In Plainfield Township , a leg of M @-@ 114 continued west along the modern 3 Mile Road through an intersection with US 131 to terminate at Coit Avenue near the Grand River and the other leg continued north to a terminus with US 131 at Northland Drive and Plainfield Avenue . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 South leg 
 The entire highway was in Kent County . 
 West leg 
 The entire highway was in Grand Rapids Township , Kent County . 
 North leg 
 The entire highway was in Kent County . 
 
 
 = Jane Dudley , Duchess of Northumberland = 
 
 Jane Dudley ( née Guildford ) , Duchess of Northumberland ( 1508 / 1509 – 1555 ) was an English noblewoman , the wife of John Dudley , 1st Duke of Northumberland and mother of Guildford Dudley and Robert Dudley , 1st Earl of Leicester . Having grown up with her future husband , who was her father 's ward , she married at about age 16 . They had 13 children . Jane Dudley served as a lady @-@ in @-@ waiting at the court of Henry VIII and was a close friend of Queen Catherine Parr . Reformed in religious outlook , she was also a supporter of the Protestant martyr Anne Askew . 
 Under the young King Edward VI John Dudley became one of the most powerful politicians , rising to be Earl of Warwick and later Duke of Northumberland . After the fall of Lord Protector Somerset in 1549 , John Dudley joined forces with his wife to promote his rehabilitation and a reconciliation between their families , which was symbolized by a marriage between their children . In the spring of 1553 Jane Dudley , Duchess of Northumberland became the mother @-@ in @-@ law of Lady Jane Grey , whom the Duke of Northumberland unsuccessfully tried to establish on the English throne after the death of Edward VI . Mary I being victorious , the Duchess sought frantically to save her husband 's life . Notwithstanding his and her son Guildford 's executions , she was successful in achieving the release of the rest of her family by befriending the Spanish noblemen who came to England with Philip of Spain . She died soon afterwards , aged 46 . 
 
 = = Family and marriage = = 
 
 Jane Guildford was born in Kent in about 1508 / 1509 , the only daughter of Sir Edward Guildford and Eleanor West , daughter of Thomas West , 8th Baron De La Warr . Her schooling occurred at home together with her brother Richard and her future husband , who was her father 's ward from 1512 . In 1525 , at about 16 , she married Sir John Dudley , who was 20 or 21 years old . The match had been arranged by their parents some years before . Jane Dudley gave birth to 13 children , eight boys and five girls . In most cases it is impossible to establish their birthdates exactly . An exception is Robert , the future favourite of Elizabeth I ; he was born in 1532 as the fifth son , and possibly after the eldest daughter Mary , who became the mother of the courtier @-@ poet Philip Sidney . The family life of John and Jane Dudley seems to have been happy and was free from any scandals ; around 1535 a poem praised the " love and devotion " of their marriage . 
 Sir Edward Guildford died in 1534 before he could draw up his last will . Since his son Richard had predeceased him , Guildford 's nephew , John Guildford , claimed the inheritance . The Dudleys maintained that Guildford 's daughter Jane was the natural heir . They finally won the resulting court case with the assistance of Thomas Cromwell . 
 
 = = Court life = = 
 
 Jane Dudley served as a lady @-@ in @-@ waiting to Anne Boleyn , and later to Anne of Cleves . She was interested in the Reformed religion and , with her husband , moved in evangelical circles from the mid @-@ 1530s . In 1542 John Dudley was created Viscount Lisle . He was on friendly terms with William Parr , whose sister Catherine became Henry VIII 's last queen in July 1543 . As one of her closest friends , the Viscountess Lisle was among the four ladies leading her to the altar on the marriage day . Jane Dudley belonged also to the courtly sympathizers of Anne Askew , whom she contacted during her imprisonment in 1545 – 1546 . The forthright Protestant was burnt at the stake as a heretic in July 1546 on the contrivance of the religiously conservative court party around Bishop Stephen Gardiner . 
 Renaissance humanism and science figured large in the Dudley children 's education . In 1553 Jane Dudley herself commissioned two works from the mathematician and Hermeticist John Dee about heavenly configurations and the tides . Jane Dudley was close to her children ; her eldest son , Henry , had died during the siege of Boulogne in 1544 , aged 19 . A postscript she wrote in 1552 under a letter by her husband to their then eldest son , John Dudley , 2nd Earl of Warwick , reads : " your lovynge mothere that wyshes you helthe dayli Jane Northumberland " . She also had health problems : In 1548 her husband was unwilling to leave her side , because she " had had her fit again more extreme that she had any time yet . " 
 Under Edward VI John Dudley , Viscount Lisle was raised to the title of Earl of Warwick , while Edward Seymour , Earl of Hereford became Duke of Somerset and Lord Protector . In October 1549 the Protector lost his power in a trial of strength with the Privy Council , from which John Dudley , Earl of Warwick emerged as Lord President of the Council and leader of the government . Somerset , who had been imprisoned in the Tower of London , was soon allowed to rejoin the Council . Before his release , the Duchess of Somerset and the Countess of Warwick had arranged daily banquets in order to reconcile their husbands . A marriage between their respective eldest son and daughter , Anne Seymour and John Dudley , was equally promoted by the two ladies . In June 1550 a grand wedding was staged at the palace of Sheen , attended by the twelve @-@ year @-@ old King Edward . Jane Dudley continued as a great lady at court during the ascendancy of her husband , who became Duke of Northumberland in October 1551 . She was influential with him ; the financier Thomas Gresham and the diplomat Richard Morrison sought her patronage , and she also interceded for Mary Tudor , who had stood godmother to one of her daughters in 1545 . 
 
 = = Mother @-@ in @-@ law to a queen = = 
 
 King Edward fell ill in early 1553 . He drew up a document , " My Devise for the Succession " , whose final version of June 1553 was to settle the Crown on his Protestant cousin Lady Jane Grey , overturning the claims of his half @-@ sisters Mary and Elizabeth . Jane Grey was the daughter of Frances Grey , Duchess of Suffolk , a niece of Henry VIII by his younger sister Mary . On 25 May 1553 three matrimonial alliances were celebrated at Durham Place , the Dudleys ' London town mansion . Two of their younger children were concerned : Guildford , aged about 17 , married Lady Jane Grey , while Katherine , who was between eight and ten years old , was promised to the Earl of Huntingdon 's heir , Henry Hastings . A few months later these matches came to be seen as proof of a conspiracy by the Duke of Northumberland to bring his family to the throne . At the time the marriages took place , however , their dynastical implications were not considered significant by even the most suspicious of observers , the Imperial ambassador Jehan de Scheyfye . Modern historians have considered them either as part of a plot , or as " routine actions of dynastic politics " , in the words of David Loades . The initiative for the matches had probably come from the Marchioness of Northampton . 
 After Edward 's death on 6 July 1553 Northumberland undertook the enforcement of the King 's will . Lady Jane Grey accepted the Crown only after remonstrances by her parents and parents @-@ in @-@ law . On 10 July the Duchess of Northumberland accompanied her son and daughter @-@ in @-@ law on their ceremonial entry into the Tower of London , where they were to reside for the rest of the short reign . According to Jane 's own exculpatory letter to Queen Mary a few months later , Guildford now wanted to be made king . The young people agreed on having him declared king by Act of Parliament ; but then Jane changed her mind and declared she would only make him a duke . " I will not be a duke , I will be King " , Guildford replied and went to fetch his mother . Furious , the Duchess took the side of her son , before she told him to leave the Tower and go home . Jane , however , insisted that he remain at court . According to her the Duchess also " induced her son not to sleep with me any more " , and it is clear from her writings that Jane disliked her mother @-@ in @-@ law . 
 
 = = Downfall and struggle for her family = = 
 
 To claim her right , Mary Tudor began assembling her supporters in East Anglia and demanded to be recognized as queen by the Privy Council in London . When her letter arrived on 10 July 1553 during dinner , the Duchess of Suffolk , Jane 's mother , and the Duchess of Northumberland broke into tears . Mary was gathering strength , and on 14 July the Duke marched to Cambridge with troops to capture her . As it came , he passed a tranquil week until he heard on 20 July that the Council in London had declared for Mary . On the orders of the Privy Council Northumberland himself now proclaimed Queen Mary at the market @-@ place and awaited his arrest . His wife was still in the Tower , but was soon released . She tried to intercede personally for her imprisoned husband and five sons with Mary , who was staying outside London . However , five miles before reaching the court the Duchess was turned away on the Queen 's orders . She then wrote a letter to her friend Lady Paget , the wife of William , Lord Paget , asking her to plead with the Queen 's ladies for her husband 's life . Her plea , if it went not unheard , was in vain , and the Duke of Northumberland was executed on 22 August 1553 on Tower Hill after having recanted his Protestant faith . 
 Following Wyatt 's rebellion , Guildford Dudley was beheaded on 12 February 1554 shortly before his wife . Knowing the Queen 's character , in June 1554 Jane Dudley pleaded with the authorities to allow her remaining sons to hear mass . During 1554 the Duchess and her son @-@ in @-@ law Henry Sidney worked hard pleading with the Spanish nobles around England 's new king consort , Philip of Spain . Lord Paget may also have proved helpful , and Henry Sidney even travelled to Spain in their cause . In the autumn of 1554 the Dudley brothers were released from the Tower , though the eldest , John , died immediately afterwards at Sidney 's house Penshurst in Kent . At the same location Philip Sidney was born on 30 November 1554 . His godmother was his grandmother Jane Dudley , while his godfather was Philip of Spain . 
 Amid the confiscation of the Dudley family 's possessions in July 1553 , Mary had allowed Jane Dudley to retain her wardrobe and plate , carpets , and other household stuffs , as well as the use of the Duke 's house in Chelsea , London . There , she died on either 15 or 22 January 1555 , and was buried on 1 February at Chelsea Old Church . In her will she tried to provide for her sons financially and thanked the Queen , as well as the many Spanish nobles she had lobbied . The Duchess of Alba was to receive her green parrot ; to Don Diego de Acevedo she gave " the new bed of green velvet with all the furniture to it ; beseeching him even as he hath in my lifetime showed himself like a father and a brother to my sons , so shall [ I ] require him no less to do now their mother is gone " . She also remembered " my lord , my dear husband " , and stipulated : " in no wise let me be opened after I am dead . ... I have not lived to be very bold before women , much more I should be loth to come into the hands of any living man , be he Physician or Surgeon . " She avoided to be specific on religion , but stressed that " who ever doth trust to this transitory world , as I did , may happen to have an overthrow , as I had ; therefore to the worms will I go as I have before written . " 
 
 = = Ancestry = = 
 
 
 
 = Elgin Cathedral = 
 
 Elgin Cathedral is a historic ruin in Elgin , Moray , north @-@ east Scotland . The cathedral — dedicated to the Holy Trinity — was established in 1224 on land granted by King Alexander II outside the burgh of Elgin and close to the River Lossie . It replaced the cathedral at Spynie , 3 kilometres ( 1 @.@ 9 mi ) to the north , that was served by a small chapter of eight clerics . The new and bigger cathedral was staffed with 18 canons in 1226 and then increased to 23 by 1242 . After a damaging fire in 1270 , a rebuilding programme greatly enlarged the building . It was unaffected by the Wars of Scottish Independence but again suffered extensive fire damage in 1390 following an attack by Robert III 's brother Alexander Stewart , Earl of Buchan , also known as the Wolf of Badenoch . In 1402 the cathedral precinct again suffered an incendiary attack by the followers of the Lord of the Isles . The number of clerics required to staff the cathedral continued to grow , as did the number of craftsmen needed to maintain the buildings and surrounds . The number of canons had increased to 25 by the time of the Scottish Reformation in 1560 , when the cathedral was abandoned and its services transferred to Elgin 's parish church of St Giles . After the removal of the lead that waterproofed the roof in 1567 , the cathedral steadily fell into decay . Its deterioration was arrested in the 19th century , by which time the building was in a substantially ruinous condition . 
 The cathedral went through periods of enlargement and renovation following the fires of 1270 and 1390 that included the doubling in length of the choir , the provision of outer aisles to the northern and southern walls of both the nave and choir . Today , these walls are at full height in places and at foundation level in others yet the overall cruciform shape is still discernible . A mostly intact octagonal chapter house dates from the major enlargement after the fire of 1270 . The gable wall above the double door entrance that links the west towers is nearly complete and was rebuilt following the fire of 1390 . It accommodates a large window opening that now only contains stub tracery work and fragments of a large rose window . Recessed and chest tombs in both transepts and in the south aisle of the choir contain effigies of bishops and knights , and large flat slabs in the now grass @-@ covered floor of the cathedral mark the positions of early graves . The homes of the dignitaries and canons , or manses , stood in the chanonry and were destroyed by fire on three occasions : in 1270 , 1390 and 1402 . The two towers of the west front are mostly complete and were part of the first phase of construction . Only the precentor 's manse is substantially intact ; two others have been incorporated into private buildings . A protective wall of massive proportions surrounded the cathedral precinct , but only a small section has survived . The wall had four access gates , one of which — the Pans Port — still exists . 
 
 = = Early cathedral churches of Moray = = 
 
 The Diocese of Moray was a regional bishopric unlike the pre @-@ eminent see of the Scottish church , St Andrews , which had evolved from a more ancient monastic Celtic church and administered scattered localities . It is uncertain whether there were bishops of Moray before c . 1120 but the first known prelate — possibly later translated to Dunkeld — was Gregory ( or Gregoir ) . He was probably bishop in name only , with the first resident diocesan being Richard of Lincoln . Gregory was a signatory to the foundation charter of Scone Priory , issued by Alexander I ( Alaxandair mac Maíl Choluim ) between December 1123 and April 1124 , and again in a charter defining the legal rights of the same monastery . He is recorded for the last time when he witnessed a charter granted by David I to Dunfermline Abbey in c . 1128 . After the suppression of Óengus of Moray 's rebellion in 1130 , King David must have regarded the continued presence of bishops in Moray as essential to the stability of the province . These early bishops had no settled location for their cathedral , and sited it successively at the churches of Birnie , Kinneddar and Spynie . Pope Innocent III issued an apostolic bull on 7 April 1206 that allowed bishop Bricius de Douglas to fix his cathedral church at Spynie — its inauguration was held between spring 1207 and summer 1208 . A chapter of five dignitaries and three ordinary canons was authorised and based its constitution on that of Lincoln Cathedral . Elgin became the lay centre of the province under David I , who probably established the first castle in the town , and it may have been this castle , with its promise of better security , that prompted Bricius , before July 1216 , to petition the Pope to move the seat from Spynie . 
 
 = = Cathedral church at Elgin = = 
 
 Despite Bricius 's earlier appeal , it was not until Andreas de Moravia 's episcopate that Pope Honorius III issued his bull on 10 April 1224 authorising his legates Gilbert de Moravia , Bishop of Caithness , Robert , Abbot of Kinloss and Henry , Dean of Ross to examine the suitability of transferring the cathedra to Elgin . The Bishop of Caithness and the Dean of Ross performed the translation ceremony on 19 July 1224 . On 10 July , Alexander II ( Alaxandair mac Uilliam ) had agreed to the transference in an edict that referred to his having given the land previously for this purpose . The land grant predated the Papal mandate and there is evidence that building had started in around 1215 . Construction of the cathedral was completed after 1242 . Chronicler John of Fordun recorded without explanation that in 1270 the cathedral church and the canons ' houses had burned down . The cathedral was rebuilt in a larger and grander style to form the greater part of the structure that is now visible , work that is supposed to have been completed by the outbreak of the Wars of Scottish Independence in 1296 . Although Edward I of England took an army to Elgin in 1296 and again in 1303 , the cathedral was left unscathed , as it was by his grandson Edward III during his assault on Moray in 1336 . 
 Soon after his election to the see in 1362 – 63 , Bishop Alexander Bur requested funds from Pope Urban V for repairs to the cathedral , citing neglect and hostile attacks . In August 1370 Bur began protection payments to Alexander Stewart , Lord of Badenoch , known as the Wolf of Badenoch , who became Earl of Buchan in 1380 , and who was son of the future King Robert II . Numerous disputes between Bur and Buchan culminated in Buchan 's excommunication in February 1390 and the bishop turning to Thomas Dunbar , son of the Earl of Moray , to provide the protection service . 
 These acts by the bishop , and any frustration Buchan may have felt about the reappointment of his brother Robert Stewart , Earl of Fife as guardian of Scotland , may have caused him to react defiantly : in May , he descended from his island castle on Lochindorb and burned the town of Forres , followed in June by the burning of Elgin and the cathedral with its manses . It is believed that he also burned Pluscarden Priory at this time , which was officially under the Bishop 's protection . Bur wrote to Robert III seeking reparation for his brother 's actions in a letter stating : 
 Robert III granted Bur an annuity of £ 20 for the period of the bishop 's lifetime , and the Pope provided income from the Scottish Church during the following decade . In 1400 , Bur wrote to the Abbot of Arbroath complaining that the abbot 's prebendary churches in the Moray diocese had not paid their dues towards the cathedral restoration . In the same year Bur wrote to the rector of Aberchirder church , telling him that he now owed three years ' arrears of the subsidy that had been imposed on non @-@ prebendary churches in 1397 . Again , on 3 July 1402 , the burgh and cathedral precinct were attacked , this time by Alexander of Lochaber , brother of Domhnall of Islay , Lord of the Isles ; he spared the cathedral but burned the manses . For this act , Lochaber and his captains were excommunicated , prompting Lochaber 's return in September to give reparation and gain absolution . In 1408 , the money saved during an ecclesiastic vacancy was diverted to the rebuilding process and in 1413 a grant from the customs of Inverness was provided . Increasingly , the appropriation of the parish church revenues led in many cases to churches becoming dilapidated and unable to attract educated priests . By the later Middle Ages , the standard of pastoral care outside the main burghs had significantly declined . 
 Bishop John Innes ( 1407 – 14 ) contributed greatly to the rebuilding of the cathedral , as evidenced by the inscription on his tomb praising his efforts . When he died , the chapter met secretly — " in quadam camera secreta in campanili ecclesie Moraviensis " — and agreed that should one of their number be elected to the see , the bishop would grant one third of the income of the bishopric annually until the rebuilding was finished . The major alterations to the west front were completed before 1435 and contain the arms of Bishop Columba de Dunbar ( 1422 – 35 ) , and it is presumed that both the north and south aisles of the choir were finished before 1460 , as the south aisle contains the tomb of John de Winchester ( 1435 – 60 ) . Probably the last important rebuilding feature was the major restructuring of the chapterhouse between 1482 and 1501 , which contains the arms of Bishop Andrew Stewart . 
 
 = = = Diocesan organisation = = = 
 
 The dignitaries and canons constituted the chapter and had the primary role of aiding the bishop in the governance of the diocese . Often the bishop was the titular head of the chapter only and was excluded from its decision @-@ making processes , the chapter being led by the dean as its superior . As the diocese of Moray based its constitution on that of Lincoln Cathedral , the bishop was allowed to participate within the chapter but only as an ordinary canon . Moray was not unique in this : the bishops of Aberdeen , Brechin , Caithness , Orkney and Ross were also canons in their own chapters . Each morning , the canons held a meeting in the chapterhouse where a chapter from the canonical rule book of St Benedict was read before the business of the day was discussed . 
 Bishop Bricius 's chapter of eight clerics consisted of the dean , precentor , treasurer , chancellor , archdeacon and three ordinary canons . His successor , Bishop Andreas de Moravia , greatly expanded the chapter to cater for the much enlarged establishment by creating two additional hierarchical posts ( succentor and subdean ) and added 16 more prebendaries . In total , 23 prebendaries had been created by the time of Andreas ' death , and a further two were added just before the Scottish Reformation . Prebendary churches were at the bestowal of the bishop as the churches either were within the diocesan lands or had been granted to the bishop by a landowner as patronage . In the case of Elgin Cathedral , the de Moravia family , of which Bishop Andreas was a member , is noted as having the patronage of many churches given as prebends . 
 Rural Deans , or deans of Christianity as they were known in the Scottish Church , supervised the priests in the deaneries and implemented the bishop 's edicts . There were four deaneries in the Moray diocese — Elgin , Inverness , Strathspey and Strathbogie — and these provided the income not only for the cathedral and chapter but also for other religious houses within and outside the diocese . Many churches were allocated to support designated canons , and a small number were held in common . The bishop received mensal and prebendary income in his separate positions as prelate and canon . 
 The government of the diocese affecting both clergy and laity was vested entirely in the bishop , who appointed officers to the ecclesiastical , criminal and civil courts . The bishop , assisted by his chapter , produced the church laws and regulations for the bishopric and these were enforced at occasional diocesan synods by the bishop or , in his absence , by the dean . Appointed officials adjudicated at consistory courts looking at matters affecting tithes , marriages , divorces , widows , orphans , wills and other related legal matters . In Moray , these courts were held in Elgin and Inverness . By 1452 the Bishop of Moray held all his lands in one regality and had Courts of Regality presided over by Bailiffs and Deputies to ensure the payment of revenues from his estates . 
 
 = = = Cathedral offices = = = 
 
 Large cathedrals such as Elgin had many chapel altars and daily services and required to be suitably staffed with canons assisted by a plentiful number of chaplains and vicars . Bishop Andreas allowed for the canons to be aided by seventeen vicars made up of seven priests , five deacons and five sub @-@ deacons — later the number of vicars was increased to twenty five . In 1350 the vicars at Elgin could not live on their stipends and Bishop John of Pilmuir provided them with the income from two churches and the patronage of another from Thomas Randolph , second Earl of Moray . By 1489 one vicar had a stipend of 12 marks ; six others , 10 marks ; one , eight marks ; three , seven marks , and six received five marks ; each vicar was employed directly by a canon who was required to provide four months ' notice in the event of his employment being terminated . The vicars were of two kinds : the vicars @-@ choral who worked chiefly in the choir taking the main services and the chantry chaplains who performed services at the individual foundation altars though there was some overlapping of duties . Although the chapter followed the constitution of Lincoln , the form of divine service copied that of Salisbury Cathedral . It is recorded that Elgin 's vicars @-@ choral were subject to disciplinary correction for shortcomings in the performance of the services , resulting in fines . More serious offences could end in corporal punishment , which was administered in the chapterhouse by the sub @-@ dean and witnessed by the chapter . King Alexander II founded a chaplaincy for the soul of King Duncan I who died in battle with Macbeth near Elgin . The chapel most frequently referenced in records was St Thomas the Martyr , located in the north transept and supported by five chaplains . Other chaplaincies mentioned are those of the Holy Rood , St Catherine , St Duthac , St Lawrence , St Mary Magdalene , St Mary the Virgin and St Michael . By the time of Bishop Bur 's episcopate ( 1362 – 1397 ) , the cathedral had 15 canons ( excluding dignitaries ) , 22 vicars @-@ choral and about the same number of chaplains . 
 Despite these numbers , not all the clergy were regularly present at the services in Elgin Cathedral . Absence was an enduring fact of life in all cathedrals in a period when careerist clerics would accept positions in other cathedrals . This is not to say that the time spent away from the chanonry was without permission , as some canons were appointed to be always present while others were allowed to attend on a part @-@ time basis . The dean of Elgin was permanently in attendance ; the precentor , chancellor , and treasurer , were available for half the year . The non @-@ permanent canons had to attend continuously for three months . The chapter decided in 1240 to penalise persistently absent canons who broke the terms of their attendance by removing one seventh of their income . In the Diocese of Aberdeen and it is assumed in other bishoprics also , when important decisions of the chapter had to be taken , an absentee canon had to appoint a procurator to act on his behalf — this was usually one of the dignitaries who had a higher likelihood of being present . At Elgin in 1488 , many canons were not abiding by the terms of their leave of absence , resulting in each of them receiving a formal warning and a summons ; despite this , ten canons refused to attend and had a seventh of their prebendary income deducted . The bulk of the workload fell to the vicars and a smaller number of permanent canons who were responsible for celebrating high mass and for leading and arranging sermons and feast day processions . Seven services were held daily , most of which were solely for the clergy and took place behind the rood screen which separated the high altar and choir from lay worshipers . Only cathedrals , collegiate churches and large burgh churches were resourced to perform the more elaborate services ; the services in the parish churches were more basic . 
 The clergy were augmented by an unknown number of lay lawyers and clerks as well as masons , carpenters , glaziers , plumbers , and gardeners . Master Gregory the mason and Master Richard the glazier are mentioned in the chartulary of the cathedral . 
 
 = = = Chanonry and burgh = = = 
 
 The chanonry , referred to in the cathedral 's chartulary as the college of the chanonry or simply as the college , was the collection of the canons ' manses that were grouped around the cathedral . A substantial wall , over 3 @.@ 5 metres ( 11 ft ) high , 2 metres ( 6 ft 7 in ) thick and around 820 metres ( 2 @,@ 690 ft ) in length , enclosed the cathedral and manses and separated the church community from the laity ; only the manse of Rhynie lay outside the west wall . The houses of 17 vicars and the many chaplains were also situated outside the west wall . The wall had four gates : the West Port gave access to the burgh , the North Port provided access to the road to the bishop 's palace of Spynie , the South Port opened opposite the hospital of Maison Dieu and the surviving East or Panns Port allowed access to the meadowland called Le Pannis . The Panns Port illustrates the portcullis defences of the gate @-@ houses ( Fig . 1 ) . Each canon or dignitary was responsible for providing his own manse and was built to reflect his status within the chapter . The castle having become unsuitable , Edward I of England stayed at the manse of Duffus on 10 and 11 September 1303 as did James II in 1455 . In 1489 , a century after the incendiary attack on the cathedral and precinct in 1390 and 1402 , the cathedral records revealed a chanonry still lacking many of its manses . The chapter ordered that 13 canons , including the succentor and the archdeacon , should immediately " erect , construct , build , and duly repair their manses , and the enclosures of their gardens within the college of Moray " . The manse of the precentor , erroneously called the Bishop 's House , is partially ruined and is dated 1557 . ( Fig . 2 ) Vestiges of the Dean 's Manse and the Archdeacon 's Manse ( Fig . 3 ) are now part of private buildings . 
 The hospital of Maison Dieu , dedicated to St Mary and situated near the cathedral precinct but outside the chanonry , was established by Bishop Andreas before 1237 for the aid of the poor . It suffered fire damage in 1390 and again in 1445 . The cathedral clerks received it as a secular benefice but in later years it may , in common with other hospitals , have become dilapidated through a lack of patronage . Bishop James Hepburn granted it to the Blackfriars of Elgin on 17 November 1520 , perhaps in an effort to preserve its existence . The property was taken into the ownership of the Crown after the Reformation and in 1595 was granted to the burgh by James VI for educational purposes and for helping the poor . In 1624 , an almshouse was constructed to replace the original building , but in 1750 a storm substantially damaged its relatively intact ruins . The remnants of the original building were finally demolished during a 19th @-@ century redevelopment of the area . 
 There were two friaries in the burgh . The Dominican Black Friars friary was founded in the western part of the burgh around 1233 . The Franciscan ( Friars Minor Conventual ) Grey Friars friary was later founded in the eastern part of the burgh sometime before 1281 . It is thought that this latter Grey Friars foundation did not long survive , but was followed between 1479 and 1513 by the foundation of a friary near Elgin Cathedral by the Franciscan ( Observants ) Grey Friars . The building was transferred into the ownership of the burgh around 1559 and later became the Court of Justice in 1563 . In 1489 , the chapter founded a school that was not purely a song school for the cathedral but was also to be available to provide an education in music and reading for some children of Elgin . 
 
 = = = Post – Reformation = = = 
 
 In August 1560 , parliament assembled in Edinburgh and legislated that the Scottish church would be Protestant , the Pope would have no authority and that the Catholic mass was illegal . Scottish cathedrals now survived only if they were used as parish churches and as Elgin had been fully served by the Kirk of St Giles , its cathedral was abandoned . An act of parliament passed on 14 February 1567 authorised Regent Lord James Stewart 's Privy Council to order the removal of the lead from the roofs of both Elgin and Aberdeen cathedrals , to be sold for the upkeep of his army , but the overladen ship that was intended to take the cargo to Holland capsized and sank in Aberdeen harbour . In 1615 , John Taylor , the ' Water Poet ' , described Elgin Cathedral as " a faire and beautiful church with three steeples , the walls of it and the steeples all yet standing ; but the roofes , windowes and many marble monuments and tombes of honourable and worthie personages all broken and defaced " . 
 Decay had set in and the roof of the eastern limb collapsed during a gale on 4 December 1637 . In 1640 the General Assembly ordered Gilbert Ross , the minister of St Giles kirk , to remove the rood screen which still partitioned the choir and presbytery from the nave . Ross was assisted in this by the Lairds of Innes and Brodie who chopped it up for firewood . It is believed that the destruction of the great west window was caused by Oliver Cromwell 's soldiers sometime between 1650 and 1660 . 
 At some point the cathedral grounds had become the burial ground for Elgin . The town council arranged for the boundary wall to be repaired in 1685 but significantly , the council ordered that the stones from the cathedral should not be used for that purpose . Although the building was becoming increasingly unstable the chapterhouse continued to be used for meetings of the Incorporated Trades from 1671 to 1676 and then again from 1701 to around 1731 . No attempt was made to stabilise the structure and on Easter Sunday 1711 the central tower gave way , demolishing the nave . Following this collapse , the " quarrying " of the cathedral 's stone work for local projects began . Many artists visited Elgin to sketch the ruins , and it is from their work that the slow but continuing ruination can be observed . By the closing years of the 18th century , travellers to Elgin began to visit the ruin , and pamphlets giving the history of the cathedral were prepared for those early tourists . In 1773 Samuel Johnson recorded , " a paper was put into our hands , which deduced from sufficient authorities the history of this venerable ruin . " 
 Since the abolition of bishops within the Scottish Church in 1689 , ownership of the abandoned cathedral fell to the crown , but no attempt to halt the decline of the building took place . Acknowledging the necessity to stabilise the structure , the Elgin Town Council initiated the reconstruction of the perimeter wall in 1809 and cleared debris from the surrounding area in about 1815 . The Lord Provost of Elgin petitioned the King 's Remembrancer for assistance to build a new roof for the chapterhouse and in 1824 , £ 121 was provided to the architect Robert Reid for its construction . Reid was significant in the development of a conservation policy for historical buildings in Scotland and was to become the first Head of the Scottish Office of Works ( SOW ) in 1827 . It was probably during his tenure at the SOW that the supporting buttresses to the choir and transept walls were built . 
 In 1824 John Shanks , an Elgin shoemaker and an important figure in the conservation of the cathedral , started his work . Sponsored by local gentleman Isaac Forsyth , Shanks cleared the grounds of centuries of rubbish dumping and rubble . Shanks was officially appointed the site 's Keeper and Watchman in 1826 . Although his work was highly valued at the time and brought the cathedral back into public focus , his unscientific clearance work may have resulted in much valuable evidence of the cathedral 's history being lost . He died on 14 April 1841 , aged 82 . A fortnight later , the Inverness Courier published a commemorative piece on Shanks , calling him the " beadle or cicerone of Elgin Cathedral " , and writing : 
 Some minor works took place during the remainder of the 19th century and continued into the early 20th century . During the 1930s further maintenance work ensued that included a new roof to protect the vaulted ceiling of the south choir aisle . From 1960 onwards the crumbling sandstone blocks were replaced and new windows were fitted in the chapterhouse , which was re @-@ roofed to preserve its vaulted ceiling . From 1988 to 2000 , the two western towers were substantially overhauled with a viewing platform provided at the top of the north tower . 
 
 = = Building phases = = 
 
 
 = = = Construction 1224 – 1270 = = = 
 
 The first church was markedly cruciform in shape and smaller than the present floor plan . This early structure had a choir without aisles and more truncated , and a nave with only a single aisle on its north and south sides ( Fig . 4 ) . The central tower rose above the crossing between the north and south transepts and may have held bells in its upper storey . The north wall of the choir is the earliest extant structure , dating to the years immediately after the church 's 1224 foundation ; the clerestory windows on top of it are from the later post @-@ 1270 reconstruction . This wall has blocked up windows extending to a low level above ground , indicating that it was an external wall and proving that the eastern limb then had no aisle ( Fig . 5 ) . 
 The south transept 's southern wall is nearly complete , displaying the fine workmanship of the first phase . It shows the Gothic pointed arch style in the windows that first appeared in France in the mid @-@ 12th century and was apparent in England around 1170 , but hardly appeared in Scotland until the early 13th century . It also shows the round early Norman window design that continued to be used in Scotland during the entire Gothic period ( Fig . 6 ) . The windows and the quoins are of finely cut ashlar sandstone . A doorway in the south @-@ west portion of the wall has large mouldings and has a pointed oval window placed above it . Adjacent to the doorway are two lancet @-@ arched windows that are topped at the clerestory level with three round @-@ headed windows . The north transept has much less of its structure preserved , but much of what does remain , taken together with a study by John Slezer in 1693 , shows that it was similar to the south transept , except that the north transept had no external door and featured a stone turret containing a staircase . 
 The west front has two 13th century buttressed towers 27 @.@ 4 metres ( 90 ft ) high that were originally topped with wooden spires covered in protective lead . Although the difference between the construction of the base course and the transepts suggests that the towers were not part of the initial design , it is likely that the building process was not so far advanced that the masons could fully integrate the nave and towers into each other ( Fig . 7 ) . 
 
 = = = Enlargement and re @-@ construction after 1270 = = = 
 
 After the fire of 1270 , a programme of reconstruction was launched , with repairs and a major enlargement . Outer aisles were added to the nave , the eastern wing comprising the choir and presbytery was doubled in length and had aisles provided on its north and south sides , and the octagonal chapterhouse was built off the new north choir aisle ( Figs . 8 & 9 ) . The new northern and southern aisles ran the length of the choir , past the first bay of the presbytery , and contained recessed and chest tombs . The south aisle of the choir contained the tomb of bishop John of Winchester , suggesting a completion date for the reconstructed aisle between 1435 and 1460 ( Fig . 10 ) . Chapels were added to the new outer aisles of the nave and were partitioned from each other with wooden screens . The first bay at the west end of each of these aisles and adjacent to the western towers did not contain a chapel but instead had an access door for the laity . 
 In June 1390 , Alexander Stewart , Robert III 's brother , burned the cathedral , manses and burgh of Elgin . This fire was very destructive , requiring the central tower to be completely rebuilt along with the principal arcades of the nave . The entire western gable between the towers was reconstructed and the main west doorway and chapterhouse were refashioned . The internal stonework of the entrance is late 14th or early 15th century and is intricately carved with branches , vines , acorns and oak leaves . A large pointed arch opening in the gable immediately above the main door contained a series of windows , the uppermost of which was a circular or rose window dating from between 1422 and 1435 . Just above it can be seen three coats of arms : on the right is that of the bishopric of Moray , in the middle are the Royal Arms of Scotland , and on the left is the armorial shield of Bishop Columba Dunbar ( Fig . 11 ) . The walls of the nave are now very low or even at foundation level , except one section in the south wall which is near its original height . This section has windows that appear to have been built in the 15th century to replace the 13th century openings : they may have been constructed following the 1390 attack ( Fig . 12 ) . Nothing of the elevated structure of the nave remains , but its appearance can be deduced from the scarring seen where it attached to the eastern walls of the towers . Nothing of the crossing now remains following the collapse of the central tower in 1711 . Elgin Cathedral is unique in Scotland in having an English style octagonal chapterhouse and French influenced double aisles along each side of the nave ; in England , only Chichester Cathedral has similar aisles . The chapterhouse , which had been attached to the choir through a short vaulted vestry , required substantial modifications and was now provided with a vaulted roof supported by a single pillar ( Figs . 13 & 14 ) . The chapterhouse measures 10 @.@ 3 metres ( 34 ft ) high at its apex and 11 @.@ 3 metres ( 37 ft ) from wall to opposite wall ; it was substantially rebuilt by Bishop Andrew Stewart ( 1482 – 1501 ) , whose coat of arms is placed on the central pillar . Bishop Andrew was the half @-@ brother of King James II . The delay to the completion of these repairs until this bishop 's episcopacy demonstrates the extent of the damage from the 1390 attack . 
 
 = = = 19th and 20th century stabilisation = = = 
 
 In 1847 – 8 several of the old houses associated with the cathedral on the west side were demolished , and some minor changes were made to the boundary wall . Structural reinforcement of the ruin and some reconstruction work began in the early 20th century , including restoration of the east gable rose window in 1904 and the replacement of the missing form pieces , mullions , and decorative ribs in the window in the north @-@ east wall of the chapterhouse ( Fig . 15 ) . By 1913 , repointing the walls and additional waterproofing of the wall tops were completed . In 1924 the ground level was lowered and the 17th century tomb of the Earl of Huntly was repositioned . Further repairs and restoration ensued during the 1930s , including the partial dismantling of some 19th century buttressing ( Fig . 16 ) , the reconstruction of sections of the nave piers using recovered pieces ( Fig . 17 ) , and the addition of external roofing to the vault in the south choir in 1939 ( Fig . 18 ) . From 1960 to 2000 , masons restored the cathedral 's crumbling stonework ( Fig . 19 ) and between 1976 and 1988 , the window tracery of the chapterhouse was gradually replaced , and its re @-@ roofing was completed ( Fig . 20 ) . Floors , glazing , and a new roof were added to the south @-@ west tower between 1988 and 1998 and comparable restoration work was completed on the north @-@ west tower between 1998 and 2000 ( Fig . 21 ) . 
 
 = = Burials = = 
 
 Andreas de Moravia – buried in the south side of the choir under a large blue marble stone 
 David de Moravia – buried in the choir 
 William de Spynie – buried in the choir 
 Andrew Stewart ( d . 1501 ) 
 Alexander Gordon , 1st Earl of Huntly 
 Columba de Dunbar ( c . 1386 – 1435 ) was Bishop of Moray from 1422 until his death 
 
 = = Referenced figures = = 
 
 
 
 = St Mary 's Church , Nether Alderley = 
 
 St Mary 's Church is an Anglican church at the end of a lane to the south of the village of Nether Alderley , Cheshire , England . It dates from the 14th century , with later additions and a major restoration in the late @-@ 19th century . The church is recorded in the National Heritage List for England as a designated Grade I listed building . 
 The church was built in the Gothic style , and has historically been associated with the Stanley family of Alderley . Its major features include a fine tower , the Stanley pew which is entered by an outside staircase , a 14th @-@ century font , the western gallery , and monuments to the Lords Stanley of Alderley . The grounds contain a 17th @-@ century former schoolhouse , now used as a parish hall , a medieval church cross , and the Stanley Mausoleum , which dates from 1909 . An ancient yew tree stands in the churchyard . 
 St Mary 's is an active parish church in the diocese of Chester , the archdeaconry of Macclesfield , and the deanery of Knutsford . Its benefice is combined with that of St Catherine 's , Birtles . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The oldest parts of the church date from around 1300 , but it is likely that a timber @-@ framed church existed on the site before then . The church 's original dedication was to Saint Lawrence , but that was later changed to Saint Mary . A clerestory was added in the 15th century . The tower was built in 1530 , and the Stanley pew was added in about 1600 . The west gallery , which contained an organ , was installed in 1803 . In 1856 , the chancel was completely rebuilt , to a design by Cuffley and Starkey , paid for by the Stanley family . The vestry was constructed in 1860 . The church was restored between 1877 and 1878 by Paley and Austin ; the nave floor was lowered , the pulpit was replaced , plaster was removed from the roof and the walls , and the box pews were replaced by new oak pews . The tower clock , made in 1743 , was renovated in 1997 . In 2000 , the 16th @-@ century wooden bell @-@ frame was strengthened by the addition of a steel frame , and the Stanley pew was restored . 
 
 = = Architecture = = 
 
 
 = = = Exterior = = = 
 
 St Mary 's is built of ashlar buff and red sandstone quarried locally at Alderley Edge , and the roof is of Kerridge stone slates . Its plan consists of a tower at the west end , a four @-@ bay nave with north and south aisles , a chancel with a vestry to its north , and a south porch . Over the north aisle is a dormer window . The tower has diagonal buttresses . Its west door has 14th @-@ century mouldings and above the door is a three @-@ light window . The stage above this contains ringers ' windows on the north and west faces and a diamond @-@ shaped clock on the south face . Above these the belfry windows on all faces have two lights . The top of the tower is embattled and contains the bases of eight pinnacles . Below the parapet is a string course with large grotesque gargoyles . At the west end of the nave roof is a bellcote . The Stanley pew projects to the east of the south porch . In the porch are grooves which were cut where arrows were sharpened . 
 
 = = = Interior = = = 
 
 The barrel @-@ shaped nave roof dates possibly from the early 16th century . The early 17th @-@ century Stanley pew at the eastern end of the south aisle is at the level of an upper storey , and is entered by a flight of steps from outside the church . Its front is richly carved and displays six panels with coats of arms . Richards states that it is one of the finest of its kind in the country and that it is unique in Cheshire . At the west end of the church is a late @-@ 18th @-@ century musicians ' gallery , whose front panel has painted coats of arms . The gallery contains the organ which replaces an earlier organ . This was presented by Lady Fabia Stanley in 1875 and was made by Hill and Company of London at a cost of £ 350 ( equivalent to £ 30 @,@ 000 in 2015 ) , An oak document chest in the tower has been dated to 1686 . The 14th @-@ century font was buried in the churchyard during the Commonwealth , dug up in 1821 and restored to use in the church in 1924 . It consists of a plain circular bowl on four short cylindrical columns with moulded bases . Richards considers it to be one of the finest examples of 14th @-@ century work in Cheshire . The church has two old Bibles , a Vinegar Bible and a Breeches Bible . 
 The chancel contains memorials to the Lords Stanley of Alderley . The memorial to John Stanley , 1st Baron Stanley of Alderley contains his effigy dressed in peer 's robes lying under a canopy with his hand on a book , dated 1856 and by Richard Westmacott . On the other side of the chancel is a memorial to his son Edward Stanley , his effigy holding a scroll in his hand and with a dog at his feet . Engraved in brass on the side of the memorial are the figures of his widow and children . Lady Stanley is seated in the middle with their four surviving sons on her right , five surviving daughters on her left and three children who had died at a young age at her knee and on her lap . A memorial tablet to John Constantine Stanley , who died in 1878 , is by Joseph Boehm . The chancel contains a monument to Rev. Edward Shipton , rector of the church from 1625 to 1630 . 
 The stained glass in the east window , dated 1856 , was made by William Wailes . The glass in a south window in the chancel of 1909 was made by Morris & Co . The east window in the north aisle , dated 1920 is by Irene Dunlop . The stained glass window to the left of the pulpit was donated by the Greg family of Styal Mill . The stained glass in the window at the west end of the north aisle is to the memory of the wife of Edward John Bell , rector from 1870 to 1907 , and was made by Clayton and Bell in 1877 . The tower holds a ring of six bells , hung for change ringing , five of which were cast in 1787 by Rudhall of Gloucester , and the sixth by Charles and George Mears at the Whitechapel Bell Foundry in 1847 . A seventh , unused , bell dates from 1686 and has been noted as being of historical importance by the Church Buildings Council of the Church of England . The parish registers begin in 1629 , and the churchwardens ' accounts in 1612 . 
 
 = = External features = = 
 
 The sandstone schoolhouse in the churchyard was built in 1628 ; the school room was on the ground floor and the schoolmaster 's accommodation was above . A large room was added to the rear in 1817 , and in 1908 the building was restored and presented to the parish by Lord Stanley . It is now used as a parish hall and is listed Grade II * . 
 The medieval church cross in the churchyard , the Stanley Mausoleum , and the churchyard walls , gate piers and gates , are Grade II listed . 
 The mausoleum was built in 1909 by Edward Lyulph , 4th Lord Stanley . He died in 1925 and it contains his ashes and those of his wife , Mary Katherine , who died in 1929 . The mausoleum is built in ashlar buff and red sandstone with a Kerridge stone @-@ slate roof . It was designed in the neo @-@ Jacobean style by Paul Phipps , and is rectangular in shape , with two storeys and a three @-@ bay north front . The central bay contains a door , above which is the Stanley crest , a three @-@ light window and a date plaque in the gable . On the sides of the upper storey are three four @-@ light windows . Inside the mausoleum is a white marble sarcophagus . The yew tree in the churchyard is 1 @,@ 200 years old . 
 
 = = Rediscovery of the crypt = = 
 
 It had been known that under the church was a vault containing the remains of some members of the Stanley family but its whereabouts were not known until they were discovered by an architect in 2007 . A stone slab was removed exposing steps leading to a crypt under the chancel . This contained six coffins , four of which contained the bodies of the first and second Lords Stanley and their wives . Once the details had been recorded , the crypt was resealed . 
 
 = = Present activities = = 
 
 St Mary 's holds a variety of Anglican services on Sundays and offers a range of church activities . The church is open to visitors at advertised times and guided tours are available . A parish magazine is published monthly . 
 
 
 = Tawny nurse shark = 
 
 The tawny nurse shark ( Nebrius ferrugineus ) is a species of carpet shark in the family Ginglymostomatidae , and the only extant member of the genus Nebrius . It is found widely along coastlines in the Indo @-@ Pacific , preferring reefs , sandy flats , and seagrass beds from very shallow water to a depth of 70 m ( 230 ft ) . With a cylindrical body and a broad , flattened head , the tawny nurse shark is quite similar in appearance to the nurse shark ( Ginglymostoma cirratum ) of the Atlantic and East Pacific , from which it can be distinguished by its pointed @-@ tipped dorsal fins and narrow , sickle @-@ shaped pectoral fins . The maximum recorded length of the tawny nurse shark is 3 @.@ 2 m ( 10 ft ) . 
 Nocturnal in habits , the tawny nurse shark tends to spend the day resting in piles of two dozen or more individuals inside caves or under ledges . At night , it is an active @-@ swimming predator that uses a powerful suction force to extract prey from inside holes and crevices . The diet of this species consists mainly of octopus , though they also take other invertebrates , small bony fishes , and rarely sea snakes . It is aplacental viviparous , meaning the embryos hatch from egg capsules inside the mother . It is the only carpet shark in which the embryos are oophagous , feeding on eggs produced by the mother while inside the uterus . The litter size may be as small as one or two , based on the large size of near @-@ term embryos . 
 Compared to the nurse shark , the tawny nurse shark has a more placid disposition and will often allow divers to touch and play with it . However , it should be accorded respect due to its powerful jaws and sharp teeth . This species is caught by commercial fisheries across most of its range for meat , fins , liver oil , leather , and fishmeal . It is also esteemed as a game fish off Queensland , Australia , and is known for its habit of spitting water in the faces of its captors . The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has assessed the tawny nurse shark as Vulnerable , with subpopulations in several areas already diminished or extirpated . 
 
 = = Taxonomy and phylogeny = = 
 
 The tawny nurse shark was first described by French naturalist René @-@ Primevère Lesson as Scyllium ferrugineum , based on a 1 @.@ 4 m ( 4 ft 7 in ) long specimen from New Guinea . His short account was published in 1831 in Voyage au tour du monde , sur la corvette La Coquille . A more detailed description , along with an illustration , was published by German naturalist Eduard Rüppell in 1837 as Nebrius concolor , based on a specimen from the Red Sea . Both names were retained , often in separate genera ( Ginglymostoma and Nebrius respectively ) , until they were synonymized by Leonard Compagno in 1984 . Compagno recognized that the tooth shape differences used to separate these species were the result of differences in age , with N. concolor representing younger individuals . 
 The genus name Nebrius is derived from the Greek word nebris or nebridos , meaning the skin of a fawn . The specific epithet ferrugineus is Latin for " rust @-@ colored " . Other common names for this species include giant sleepy shark , Madame X ( a name coined by the shark fisherman Norman Caldwell in the 1930s for the then @-@ unidentified Australian specimens ) , nurse shark , rusty catshark , rusty shark , sleepy shark , spitting shark , and tawny shark . Based on morphological similarities , Nebrius is believed to be the sister genus of Ginglymostoma , with both being placed in a clade that also contains the short @-@ tail nurse shark ( Pseudoginglymostoma brevicaudatum ) , the whale shark ( Rhincodon typus ) , and the zebra shark ( Stegostoma fasciatum ) . 
 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 
 The tawny nurse shark is widely distributed in the Indo @-@ Pacific region . In the Indian Ocean , it is found from KwaZulu @-@ Natal , South Africa northward to the Red Sea , Persian Gulf and India , including Madagascar , Mauritius , the Chagos Archipelago , the Seychelles , and the Maldives . In the western Pacific , it occurs from southern Japan and the coast of China to the Philippines , Southeast Asia , and Indonesia , to as far south as the northern coast of Australia . In the central Pacific , it has been reported from off New Caledonia , Samoa , Palau , the Marshall Islands , and Tahiti . Fossil teeth belonging to this species have been found in the Pirabas Formation of northern Brazil , dating back to the Lower Miocene ( 23 – 16 Ma ) . The presence of these fossils indicates that the range of the tawny nurse shark once extended to the tropical Atlantic Ocean , prior to the formation of the Isthmus of Panama . 
 An inshore species , the tawny nurse shark inhabits continental and insular shelves over sandy flats or beds of seagrass , as well as along the outer edges of coral or rocky reefs . This shark may be found from the surf zone , often in water barely deep enough to cover its body , to a maximum depth of 70 m ( 230 ft ) on coral reefs ; it is most common at a depth of 5 – 30 m ( 16 – 98 ft ) . Young sharks are generally found in the shallow areas of lagoons , while adults may be encountered across a variety of habitats . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The tawny nurse shark grows to a maximum length of 3 @.@ 2 m ( 10 ft ) . It has a robust , cylindrical body with a broadly rounded and flattened head . The eyes are small and face laterally , with prominent ridges over them and smaller spiracles behind . There are a pair of long , slender barbels in front of the nostrils . The mouth is small , with the lower lip divided into three lobes . There are 29 – 33 tooth rows in the upper jaw and 26 – 28 tooth rows in the lower jaw , arranged in an imbricate ( overlapping ) pattern with the outermost 2 – 4 functional rows separated from the rest by a narrow space . Each tooth resembles a fan , with a broad base rising to a small , sharp central point flanked by 3 or more smaller cusps on both sides . As the shark ages , the teeth become relatively taller and thicker . The fourth and fifth pairs of gill slits are placed much closer together than the others . 
 The dorsal and pelvic fins are angular , with the first dorsal fin larger than the second . The pectoral fins are narrow , pointed , and falcate ( sickle @-@ shaped ) ; their shape separates this species from the similar @-@ looking nurse shark . The origin of the first dorsal fin is about even with the origin of the pelvic fins , while the origin of the anal fin is even with or somewhat behind the origin of the second dorsal fin . The caudal fin has a shallow upper lobe and barely present lower lobe , comprising about a quarter of the total length in adults . The dermal denticles are diamond @-@ shaped , bearing 4 – 5 faint ridges radiating from a blunt point . Tawny nurse sharks are yellowish , reddish , or grayish brown above and off @-@ white below , and are capable of slowly changing their color to better blend with the environment . Young sharks have starkly white lower eyelids . 
 Many tawny nurse sharks found off the coasts of Japan , Taiwan , and the Ryukyu Islands lack a second dorsal fin . This physical abnormality has been speculated to result from pregnant females being exposed to water of unusually high salinity and / or temperature , possibly from human activity . In 1986 , a 2 @.@ 9 m ( 9 ft 6 in ) long adult male with both a missing dorsal fin and partial albinism ( in the form of white body color with gray @-@ brown eyes ) was captured off Wakayama Prefecture , Japan . This anomalous individual is the largest albino shark known to date , having survived for a long time in the wild despite its lack of camouflage . 
 
 = = Biology and ecology = = 
 
 With a more streamlined form than other nurse sharks , the tawny nurse shark is believed to be a less benthic , more active swimmer . The characteristics of its body , head , fins , and teeth are comparable to other active reef sharks sharing its range , such as the sicklefin lemon shark ( Negaprion acutidens ) . Tawny nurse sharks are primarily nocturnal , though they are said to be active at all hours off Madagascar , and in captivity they will become diurnally active if presented with food . During the day , groups of two dozen or more sharks can be found resting inside caves and under ledges , often stacked atop one another . Individual sharks have small home ranges that they consistently return to each day . 
 The tawny nurse shark has few natural predators ; attacks on this species have been reported from bull sharks ( Carcharhinus leucas ) and great hammerheads ( Sphyrna mokarran ) , while the related nurse shark has been known to fall prey to tiger sharks ( Galeocerdo cuvier ) and lemon sharks ( Negaprion brevirostris ) . Known parasites of this species include five species of tapeworms in the genus Pedibothrium , which infest the shark 's spiral intestine . 
 
 = = = Feeding = = = 
 
 The tawny nurse shark may be one of the few fishes specializing in preying on octopus . Other known food items include corals , sea urchins , crustaceans ( e.g. crabs and lobsters ) , squid , small fishes ( e.g. surgeonfish , queenfish , and rabbitfish ) , and the occasional sea snake . Hunting tawny nurse sharks swim slowly just above the sea floor , poking their heads into depressions and holes . When a prey item is found , the shark forcefully expands its large , muscular pharynx , creating a powerful negative pressure that sucks the prey into its mouth . 
 
 = = = Life history = = = 
 
 Mating in the tawny nurse shark is known to occur from July to August off Madagascar . Adult females have one functional ovary and two functional uteruses . The mode of reproduction is aplacental viviparity , meaning that the embryos hatch inside the uterus ; females in captivity have been documented depositing up to 52 non @-@ viable egg capsules , which has led to erroneous reports of this shark being oviparous . The egg capsules of this species are onion @-@ shaped , with thin , brown , translucent shells . The tawny nurse shark is the only carpet shark in which there is oophagy : once the developing embryos exhaust their supply of yolk , they gorge on eggs produced by the mother and acquire the distended abdomen characteristic of such oophagous embryos . Unlike in mackerel sharks , the eggs consumed by the embryos are large and shelled rather than small and undeveloped . There is no evidence of sibling cannibalism as in the sand tiger shark ( Carcharias taurus ) . 
 Various authors have reported the length at birth anywhere from 40 to 80 cm ( 16 to 31 in ) , with the discrepancy possibly reflecting geographic variation . Although females release up to four fertilized eggs into each uterus , the very large size of the newborns suggest that the litter size may be as few as one or two . In one examined female that had two embryos sharing a single uterus , one embryo was much smaller and thinner than the other , implying that competition may eliminate the additional siblings . Males attain sexual maturity at a length of 2 @.@ 5 m ( 8 ft 2 in ) , and females at a length of 2 @.@ 3 – 2 @.@ 9 m ( 7 ft 7 in – 9 ft 6 in ) . 
 
 = = Human interactions = = 
 
 Encounters with tawny nurse sharks underwater indicate a more docile demeanor than the similar nurse shark ; usually divers are able to approach the sharks closely and even touch and play with them without incident . However , this species has been infrequently provoked into biting , and merits respect due to its strength , small but sharp teeth , and extremely powerful jaws . Tawny nurse sharks are favored attractions for ecotourist divers off Thailand , the Solomon Islands , and elsewhere . This species also adapts well to captivity and is displayed in public aquaria in Europe , the United States , Okinawa , and Singapore , where they may become tame enough to be hand @-@ fed . 
 The tawny nurse shark is taken by commercial fisheries operating throughout its range , including off Pakistan , India , Thailand , and the Philippines ; an exception is in Australian waters , where it is only taken in small numbers as bycatch . This shark is caught using demersal trawls , floating and fixed bottom gill nets , and on hook @-@ and @-@ line . The meat is sold fresh or dried and salted , the fins are used for shark fin soup , and the offal processed into fishmeal . In addition , the liver is a source of oil and vitamins , and the thick , tough skin is made into leather products . Off Queensland , Australia , the tawny nurse shark is valued by big @-@ game anglers . When hooked , large individuals are tenacious opponents and are difficult to subdue due to their habit of spinning . They are also capable of spitting a powerful jet of water into the faces of their captors , making grunting noises in between jets ( making the tawny shark one of the few species of sharks to produce a noise ) ; whether this is a deliberate defensive behavior is uncertain . 
 The International Union for Conservation of Nature ( IUCN ) has assessed the tawny nurse shark as Vulnerable worldwide , as it faces heavy fishing pressure and its low reproductive and dispersal rates limit the ability of over @-@ exploited populations to recover . Furthermore , this shark 's inshore habitat renders it susceptible to habitat degradation , destructive fishing practices ( e.g. poisons and explosives , especially prevalent off Indonesia and the Philippines ) , and human harassment . Localized declines or extirpations of the tawny nurse shark have been documented off India and Thailand . Off Australia , this species has been assessed as of Least Concern , as there it is not targeted by fisheries . 
 
 
 = California State Route 243 = 
 
 State Route 243 ( SR 243 ) , or the Banning @-@ Idyllwild Panoramic Highway , is a 30 @-@ mile ( 50 kilometer ) two @-@ lane highway that runs from Banning , California ( in the north ) to Idyllwild , California ( in the south ) in Riverside County , California . The highway is a connector between Interstate 10 ( I @-@ 10 ) and SR 74 . Along its route , it provides access to the San Bernardino National Forest . A road from Banning to Idyllwild was planned around the turn of the twentieth century , and was open by 1910 . The road was added to the state highway system in 1970 . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 SR 243 begins at SR 74 in the San Jacinto Wilderness near Mountain Center , Riverside County as Idyllwild Road . The highway traverses north along a winding road through the community of Idyllwild . SR 243 makes a left turn at the intersection with Circle Drive and continues through Pine Cove . The road continues through the forest past Mount San Jacinto State Park through Twin Pines and the Morongo Indian Reservation before making a few switchbacks and descending en route to the city of Banning as the Banning Idyllwild Panoramic Highway . The highway continues as San Gorgonio Avenue into the city before making a left onto Lincoln Street and a right onto 8th Street and terminating at a diamond interchange with I @-@ 10 . 
 SR 243 is part of the National Highway System , a network of highways that are essential to the country 's economy , defense , and mobility . SR 243 is eligible for the State Scenic Highway System , and is officially designated as a scenic highway by the California Department of Transportation ( Caltrans ) , meaning that it is a substantial section of highway passing through a " memorable landscape " with no " visual intrusions " , where the potential designation has gained popular favor with the community . In 2007 , it was named the Esperanza Firefighters Memorial Highway in honor of five firefighters who died while fighting the Esperanza Fire in October 2006 . In 2013 , SR 243 had an annual average daily traffic ( AADT ) of 1 @,@ 650 between Marion Ridge Drive in Idyllwild and San Gorgonio Avenue in Banning , and 6 @,@ 500 at the northern terminus in Banning , the latter of which was the highest AADT for the highway . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 A road from Banning to Idyllwild was under construction in 1904 , and 12 miles ( 19 km ) of the road was open by August , with an additional six miles ( 9 @.@ 7 km ) of the road planned . Another four miles ( 6 @.@ 4 km ) were commissioned in 1908 . The oiled road was completed by September 1910 , and provided a view of Lake Elsinore and the Colorado Desert , and it was expected to help with transporting lumber and stopping fires ; because of this , the federal government provided $ 2 @,@ 000 for the construction . The road became a part of the forest highway system in 1927 . 
 A new " high @-@ gear " road from Banning to Idyllwild was under way by 1935 , and two years later , the Los Angeles Times considered the road to be " high @-@ gear " . Efforts to pave the road were under way in 1950 . The road from Banning through Idyllwild to SR 74 was known as County Route R1 ( CR R1 ) by 1966 . By 1969 , plans were in place to add the Banning to Idyllwild to Mountain Center road as a state highway ; earlier , State Senator Nelson Dilworth proposed legislation to require the road to be added to the state highway system if SR 195 was removed , as the two were of roughly the same length , but the latter remained in the system . SR 243 was added to the state highway system in 1970 . The Division of Highways suggested deleting the highway in 1971 . In 1998 , Caltrans had no plans to improve the route through 2015 . 
 
 = = Major intersections = = 
 
 Except where prefixed with a letter , postmiles were measured on the road as it was when the route was established , based on the alignment that existed at the time , and do not necessarily reflect current mileage . R reflects a realignment in the route since then , M indicates a second realignment , L refers an overlap due to a correction or change , and T indicates postmiles classified as temporary ( for a full list of prefixes , see the list of postmile definitions ) . Segments that remain unconstructed or have been relinquished to local control may be omitted . The entire route is in Riverside County . 
 
 = = Other important information = = 
 
 Firearm Transportation Due to the fact that CA @-@ 243 passes Idyllwild School , pursuant to the Gun @-@ Free School Zones Act of 1990 , firearms , including those in vehicles , must be within the guidelines of 18 U.S.C. § 922 ( q ) ( 2 ) ( B ) within the school zone , which is , as defined by 18 U.S.C. § 921 ( a ) ( 25 ) , is 1000 feet . Violators will be , according to 18 U.S.C. § 924 ( a ) ( 4 ) , " fined under this title , imprisoned for not more than 5 years , or both . " 
 
 
 = The Amps = 
 
 The Amps were an American alternative @-@ indie rock group . Formed by Kim Deal in 1995 after her band the Breeders went on hiatus , the group consisted of Deal , vocals and guitars ; Luis Lerma , bass ; Nate Farley , guitars ; and the Breeders ' Jim Macpherson , drums . The Breeders ' Kelley Deal , Kim 's sister , was also briefly involved , but had to leave the band due to drug problems . The group was named when Kim Deal started calling herself Tammy Ampersand for fun , and the band Tammy and the Amps . They recorded the album Pacer in Ireland and the United States . 
 Pacer was released in October 1995 . The group toured the United States , Europe , and Australia , with bands including the Foo Fighters , Sonic Youth , and Guided by Voices . Critics commented on the loose and rough quality of these performances . The Amps continued as a group until 1996 , when Deal changed their name back to the Breeders . By 2000 , Macpherson , Lerma , and Farley had left the band ; they were all at times involved in various projects with Guided by Voices ' Robert Pollard . Deal 's next album , the Breeders ' Title TK , was released seven years after Pacer . 
 
 = = Background and formation = = 
 
 From 1986 to 1992 , Deal was a member of the Pixies , and from 1989 onwards , the Breeders . In August 1993 , the Breeders released their second album , Last Splash , which went platinum in the USA , gold in Canada , and silver in the UK . The other members of the group at that time were Kim 's twin sister Kelley Deal , Josephine Wiggs and Jim Macpherson . By late 1994 , after two years of straight touring and recording , and culminating in the Lollapalooza tour , the band members were exhausted ; they decided to take some time off from the Breeders , but this hiatus ended up being longer than expected . Kelley was arrested on drug charges in late 1994 and spent time in and out of rehabilitation , while Wiggs became involved in musical projects in New York , including collaborations with members of Luscious Jackson . 
 Meanwhile , Kim Deal was eager to continue recording and performing . At first , she envisioned her next album as a solo record , on which she would play all of the instrument parts . When she was recording initial demos for the project , she asked Kelley to play on some of them , to distract her from her drug difficulties . Since Kelley was now also involved , Deal decided not to go solo , but formed a new group . She recruited Macpherson to play drums , musician Luis Lerma , bass , and Nate Farley , guitar . Later , Kelley dropped out of the project for rehabilitation and moved to Saint Paul , Minnesota . For fun , Deal began calling herself Tammy Ampersand , and the group , Tammy and the Amps . This later became simply the Amps . 
 
 = = Recording and touring = = 
 
 The Amps released one album , Pacer , which was recorded at several different studios . The first session , at Easley Studios in Memphis , Tennessee , was engineered by Davis McCain and Doug Easley . There Deal recorded new songs , including what would become Pacer 's single , " Tipp City " . This recording opportunity came about when she was producing a planned record by Guided by Voices ; when that group abandoned work on their album , Deal used the leftover studio time for her own songs . Following the Easley Studios session , recording for Pacer continued at six other locations in total , including studios in Chicago , Los Angeles , Dublin , and Deal 's hometown , Dayton , Ohio . Engineers Steve Albini , John Agnello , Bryce Goggin and others each helped record one or more of these sessions . Pacer came out in October 1995 . 
 The Amps toured throughout 1995 and 1996 . Early performances , before releasing Pacer , included June 1995 shows in Dayton : one with Poster Children and another with Guided by Voices . They toured with Guided by Voices and Chavez in the United Kingdom in September , in cities such as London , Glasgow , and Sheffield , and played another show with Guided by Voices in Ohio in October . The Amps performed a series of US concerts in October and November with Sonic Youth , including shows in Detroit and Chicago with Helium , in Seattle and Portland with Bikini Kill , and in Los Angeles with Mike Watt . Following the concerts with Sonic Youth , the Amps did a tour of Europe . In January 1996 , they played the Summersault festival in Australia . That year , the Amps toured with the Foo Fighters in the United States , in locations such as Chicago ( with That Dog ) , Worcester , Massachusetts , and Austin , Texas ( with Jawbreaker ) . In 1995 or 1996 , they also played shows with the Tasties and Brainiac . 
 Reviewers described live concerts by the Amps as unpolished and relaxed . The Chronicle 's Drema Crist praised their show at an unidentified location as " fun @-@ spirited and silly " . Greg Kot of The Chicago Tribune described one of their Chicago performances as " off @-@ kilter " and wrote that " Deal 's pungent vocals were swallowed up by the guitars , and the foursome 's slight melodies were lost amid all the bashing . " A review in The Chicago Reader of the same concert noted that " The Amps play with a low @-@ key , hangout sound . " The Phoenix 's Matt Ashare felt that at their December 1995 show in Boston " the Amps didn 't click in a way that would suggest that this was Deal 's new , full @-@ time band " ; he added that it was " an unpretentiously gritty way for Deal to let off some steam while the Breeders [ took ] a little break " . In Boston Rock , this concert was characterized as " sloppy " but " charm [ ing ] ... hanging loosely off Kim 's gruff vocals and ebullient personality " . 
 
 = = Reforming the Breeders = = 
 
 Later in 1996 , Deal changed the name of the group back to the Breeders , originally with almost the same line @-@ up as the Amps . Until then , Deal had been waiting for Wiggs and Kelley to rejoin the Breeders and record a new album together , and had held back from reforming the Breeders out of respect for them . In May 1996 , Wiggs revealed that she would not be involved in any immediate Breeders activity ; Kelley also chose to stay in Saint Paul , to be close to her rehabilitation facility . Deal then decided that she did not want to wait any longer to reform the group , partly because the Breeders ' repertoire was larger than the Amps ' , thereby allowing longer concerts . Deal added violinist Carrie Bradley ( who had played on the Breeders ' Pod album ) , and with Macpherson , Lerma , and Farley , played some shows in 1996 with Primus . 
 By 1998 , Kelley had rejoined and Macpherson had left the group , and by 2000 Lerma and Farley had also left . The Breeders , with a line @-@ up including the Deal sisters and new members Mando Lopez and Jose Medeles , released the albums Title TK in 2002 and Mountain Battles in 2008 . Meanwhile , Macpherson was a member of Guided by Voices from 1998 to 2001 , and participated in other projects with Guided By Voices ' Robert Pollard until 2005 . Lerma and Farley have been members of the Tasties , and in 1999 participated in Pollard 's Lexo and the Leapers side project group ; Farley was also a member of Guided by Voices from 1999 to 2004 . In 2013 , the Last Splash @-@ era Breeders line @-@ up of Kim and Kelley Deal , Macpherson , and Wiggs reunited to tour to celebrate the 20th anniversary of that album . 
 
 = = Members = = 
 
 Kim Deal – vocals , guitars 
 Luis Lerma – bass 
 Nate Farley – guitars 
 Jim Macpherson – drums 
 
 = = Discography = = 
 
 
 = = = Album = = = 
 
 
 = = = Single = = = 
 
 
 
 = Exploration of Jupiter = 
 
 The exploration of Jupiter has been conducted via close observations by automated spacecraft . It began with the arrival of Pioneer 10 into the Jovian system in 1973 , and , as of 2016 , has continued with eight further spacecraft missions . All of these missions were undertaken by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration ( NASA ) , and all but two have been flybys that take detailed observations without the probe landing or entering orbit . These probes make Jupiter the most visited of the Solar System 's outer planets as all missions to the outer Solar System have used Jupiter flybys to reduce fuel requirements and travel time . On 5th July 2016 , spacecraft Juno arrived and entered the planet 's orbit — the second craft ever to do so . Sending a craft to Jupiter entails many technical difficulties , especially due to the probes ' large fuel requirements and the effects of the planet 's harsh radiation environment . 
 The first spacecraft to visit Jupiter was Pioneer 10 in 1973 , followed a year later by Pioneer 11 . Aside from taking the first close @-@ up pictures of the planet , the probes discovered its magnetosphere and its largely fluid interior . The Voyager 1 and Voyager 2 probes visited the planet in 1979 , and studied its moons and the ring system , discovering the volcanic activity of Io and the presence of water ice on the surface of Europa . Ulysses further studied Jupiter 's magnetosphere in 1992 and then again in 2000 . The Cassini probe approached the planet in 2000 and took very detailed images of its atmosphere . The New Horizons spacecraft passed by Jupiter in 2007 and made improved measurements of its and its satellites ' parameters . 
 The Galileo spacecraft was the first to have entered orbit around Jupiter , arriving in 1995 and studying the planet until 2003 . During this period Galileo gathered a large amount of information about the Jovian system , making close approaches to all of the four large Galilean moons and finding evidence for thin atmospheres on three of them , as well as the possibility of liquid water beneath their surfaces . It also discovered a magnetic field around Ganymede . As it approached Jupiter , it also witnessed the impact of Comet Shoemaker – Levy 9 . In December 1995 , it sent an atmospheric probe into the Jovian atmosphere , so far the only craft to do so . 
 In July 2016 , the Juno spacecraft , launched in 2011 , completed its orbital insertion maneuver successfully , and is now in orbit around Jupiter and preparing for its science programme . 
 The European Space Agency selected the L1 @-@ class JUICE mission in 2012 as part of its Cosmic Vision programme to explore three of Jupiter 's Galilean moons , with a possible Ganymede lander provided by Roscosmos . JUICE is proposed to be launched in 2022 . 
 
 = = Technical requirements = = 
 
 Flights from Earth to other planets in the Solar System have a high energy cost . It requires almost the same amount of energy for a spacecraft to reach Jupiter from Earth 's orbit as it does to lift it into orbit in the first place . In astrodynamics , this energy expenditure is defined by the net change in the spacecraft 's velocity , or delta @-@ v. The energy needed to reach Jupiter from an Earth orbit requires a delta @-@ v of about 9 km / s , compared to the 9 @.@ 0 – 9 @.@ 5 km / s to reach a low Earth orbit from the ground . Gravity assists through planetary flybys ( such as by Earth or Venus ) can be used to reduce the energetic requirement ( i.e. the fuel ) at launch , at the cost of a significantly longer flight duration to reach a target such as Jupiter when compared to the direct trajectory . Ion thrusters capable of a delta @-@ v of more than 10 kilometers / s were used on the Dawn spacecraft . This is more than enough delta @-@ v to do a Jupiter fly @-@ by mission from a solar orbit of the same radius as that of Earth without gravity assist . 
 A major problem in sending space probes to Jupiter is that the planet has no solid surface on which to land , as there is a smooth transition between the planet 's atmosphere and its fluid interior . Any probes descending into the atmosphere are eventually crushed by the immense pressures within Jupiter . 
 Another major issue is the amount of radiation to which a space probe is subjected , due to the harsh charged @-@ particle environment around Jupiter ( for a detailed explanation see Magnetosphere of Jupiter ) . For example , when Pioneer 11 made its closest approach to the planet , the level of radiation was ten times more powerful than Pioneer 's designers had predicted , leading to fears that the probes would not survive . With a few minor glitches , the probe managed to pass through the radiation belts , but it lost most of the images of the moon Io , as the radiation had caused Pioneer 's imaging photo polarimeter to receive false commands . The subsequent and far more technologically advanced Voyager spacecraft had to be redesigned to cope with the radiation levels . Over the eight years the Galileo spacecraft orbited the planet , the probe 's radiation dose far exceeded its design specifications , and its systems failed on several occasions . The spacecraft 's gyroscopes often exhibited increased errors , and electrical arcs sometimes occurred between its rotating and non @-@ rotating parts , causing it to enter safe mode , which led to total loss of the data from the 16th , 18th and 33rd orbits . The radiation also caused phase shifts in Galileo 's ultra @-@ stable quartz oscillator . 
 
 = = Flyby missions = = 
 
 
 = = = Pioneer program ( 1973 and 1974 ) = = = 
 
 The first spacecraft to explore Jupiter was Pioneer 10 , which flew past the planet in December 1973 , followed by Pioneer 11 twelve months later . Pioneer 10 obtained the first @-@ ever close @-@ up images of Jupiter and its Galilean moons ; the spacecraft studied the planet 's atmosphere , detected its magnetic field , observed its radiation belts and determined that Jupiter is mainly fluid . Pioneer 11 made its closest approach , within some 34 @,@ 000 km of Jupiter 's cloud tops , on December 4 , 1974 . It obtained dramatic images of the Great Red Spot , made the first observation of Jupiter 's immense polar regions , and determined the mass of Jupiter 's moon Callisto . The information gathered by these two spacecraft helped astronomers and engineers improve the design of future probes to cope more effectively with the environment around the giant planet . 
 
 = = = Voyager program ( 1979 ) = = = 
 
 Voyager 1 began photographing Jupiter in January 1979 and made its closest approach on March 5 , 1979 , at a distance of 349 @,@ 000 km from Jupiter 's center . This close approach allowed for greater image resolution , though the flyby 's short duration meant that most observations of Jupiter 's moons , rings , magnetic field , and radiation environment were made in the 48 @-@ hour period bracketing the approach , even though Voyager 1 continued photographing the planet until April . It was soon followed by Voyager 2 , which made its closest approach on July 9 , 1979 , 576 @,@ 000 km away from the planet 's cloud tops . The probe discovered Jupiter 's ring , observed intricate vortices in its atmosphere , observed active volcanoes on Io , a process analogous to plate tectonics on Ganymede , and numerous craters on Callisto . 
 The Voyager missions vastly improved our understanding of the Galilean moons , and also discovered Jupiter 's rings . They also took the first close @-@ up images of the planet 's atmosphere , revealing the Great Red Spot as a complex storm moving in a counter @-@ clockwise direction . Other smaller storms and eddies were found throughout the banded clouds ( see animation on the right ) . Two new , small satellites , Adrastea and Metis , were discovered orbiting just outside the ring , making them the first of Jupiter 's moons to be identified by a spacecraft . A third new satellite , Thebe , was discovered between the orbits of Amalthea and Io . 
 The discovery of volcanic activity on the moon Io was the greatest unexpected finding of the mission , as it was the first time an active volcano was observed on a celestial body other than Earth . Together , the Voyagers recorded the eruption of nine volcanoes on Io , as well as evidence for other eruptions occurring between the Voyager encounters . 
 Europa displayed a large number of intersecting linear features in the low @-@ resolution photos from Voyager 1 . At first , scientists believed the features might be deep cracks , caused by crustal rifting or tectonic processes . The high @-@ resolution photos from Voyager 2 , taken closer to Jupiter , left scientists puzzled as the features in these photos were almost entirely lacking in topographic relief . This led many to suggest that these cracks might be similar to ice floes on Earth , and that Europa might have a liquid water interior . Europa may be internally active due to tidal heating at a level about one @-@ tenth that of Io , and as a result , the moon is thought to have a thin crust less than 30 kilometers ( 19 mi ) thick of water ice , possibly floating on a 50 @-@ kilometers @-@ deep ( 30 mile ) ocean . 
 
 = = = Ulysses ( 1992 ) = = = 
 
 On February 8 , 1992 , the Ulysses solar probe flew past Jupiter 's north pole at a distance of 451 @,@ 000 km . This swing @-@ by maneuver was required for Ulysses to attain a very high @-@ inclination orbit around the Sun , increasing its inclination to the ecliptic to 80 @.@ 2 degrees . The giant planet 's gravity bent the spacecraft 's flightpath downward and away from the ecliptic plane , placing it into a final orbit around the Sun 's north and south poles . The size and shape of the probe 's orbit were adjusted to a much smaller degree , so that its aphelion remained at approximately 5 AU ( Jupiter 's distance from the Sun ) , while its perihelion lay somewhat beyond 1 AU ( Earth 's distance from the Sun ) . During its Jupiter encounter , the probe made measurements of the planet 's magnetosphere . Since the probe had no cameras , no images were taken . In February 2004 , the probe arrived again at the vicinity of Jupiter . This time the distance from the planet was much greater — about 240 million km — but it made further observations of Jupiter . 
 
 = = = Cassini ( 2000 ) = = = 
 
 In 2000 , the Cassini probe , en route to Saturn , flew by Jupiter and provided some of the highest @-@ resolution images ever taken of the planet . It made its closest approach on December 30 , 2000 , and made many scientific measurements . About 26 @,@ 000 images of Jupiter were taken during the months @-@ long flyby . It produced the most detailed global color portrait of Jupiter yet , in which the smallest visible features are approximately 60 km ( 37 mi ) across . 
 A major finding of the flyby , announced on March 6 , 2003 , was of Jupiter 's atmospheric circulation . Dark belts alternate with light zones in the atmosphere , and the zones , with their pale clouds , had previously been considered by scientists to be areas of upwelling air , partly because on Earth clouds tend to be formed by rising air . Analysis of Cassini imagery showed that the dark belts contain individual storm cells of upwelling bright @-@ white clouds , too small to see from Earth . Anthony Del Genio of NASA 's Goddard Institute for Space Studies said that " the belts must be the areas of net @-@ rising atmospheric motion on Jupiter , [ so ] the net motion in the zones has to be sinking " . 
 Other atmospheric observations included a swirling dark oval of high atmospheric @-@ haze , about the size of the Great Red Spot , near Jupiter 's north pole . Infrared imagery revealed aspects of circulation near the poles , with bands of globe @-@ encircling winds , and adjacent bands moving in opposite directions . The same announcement also discussed the nature of Jupiter 's rings . Light scattering by particles in the rings showed the particles were irregularly shaped ( rather than spherical ) and likely originated as ejecta from micrometeorite impacts on Jupiter 's moons , probably on Metis and Adrastea . On December 19 , 2000 , the Cassini spacecraft captured a very @-@ low @-@ resolution image of the moon Himalia , but it was too distant to show any surface details . 
 
 = = = New Horizons ( 2007 ) = = = 
 
 The New Horizons probe , en route to Pluto , flew by Jupiter for a gravity assist and was the first probe launched directly towards Jupiter since the Ulysses in 1990 . Its Long Range Reconnaissance Imager ( LORRI ) took its first photographs of Jupiter on September 4 , 2006 . The spacecraft began further study of the Jovian system in December 2006 , and made its closest approach on February 28 , 2007 . 
 Although close to Jupiter , New Horizons ' instruments made refined measurements of the orbits of Jupiter 's inner moons , particularly Amalthea . The probe 's cameras measured volcanoes on Io , studied all four Galilean moons in detail , and made long @-@ distance studies of the outer moons Himalia and Elara . The craft also studied Jupiter 's Little Red Spot and the planet 's magnetosphere and tenuous ring system . 
 On March 19 , 2007 the Command and Data Handling computer experienced an uncorrectable memory error and rebooted itself , causing the spacecraft to go into safe mode . The craft fully recovered within two days , with some data loss on Jupiter 's magnetotail . No other data loss events were associated with the encounter . Due to the immense size of the Jupiter system and the relative closeness of the Jovian system to Earth in comparison to the closeness of Pluto to Earth , New Horizons will send back more data to Earth from the Jupiter encounter than the Pluto encounter . 
 
 = = Orbiter missions = = 
 
 
 = = = Galileo ( 1995 – 2003 ) = = = 
 
 The first spacecraft to orbit Jupiter was the Galileo orbiter , which went into orbit around Jupiter on December 7 , 1995 . It orbited the planet for over seven years , making 35 orbits before it was destroyed during a controlled impact with Jupiter on September 21 , 2003 . During this period , it gathered a large amount of information about the Jovian system ; the amount of information was not as great as intended because the deployment of its high @-@ gain radio transmitting antenna failed . The major events during the eight @-@ year study included multiple flybys of all of the Galilean moons , as well as Amalthea ( the first probe to do so ) . It also witnessed the impact of Comet Shoemaker – Levy 9 as it approached Jupiter in 1994 and the sending of an atmospheric probe into the Jovian atmosphere in December 1995 . 
 Cameras on the Galileo spacecraft observed fragments of Comet Shoemaker – Levy 9 between 16 and 22 July 1994 as they collided with Jupiter 's southern hemisphere at a speed of approximately 60 kilometres per second . This was the first direct observation of an extraterrestrial collision of solar system objects . While the impacts took place on the side of Jupiter hidden from Earth , Galileo , then at a distance of 1 @.@ 6 AU from the planet , was able to see the impacts as they occurred . Its instruments detected a fireball that reached a peak temperature of about 24 @,@ 000 K , compared to the typical Jovian cloudtop temperature of about 130 K ( − 143 ° C ) , with the plume from the fireball reaching a height of over 3 @,@ 000 km . 
 An atmospheric probe was released from the spacecraft in July 1995 , entering the planet 's atmosphere on December 7 , 1995 . After a high @-@ g descent into the Jovian atmosphere , the probe discarded the remains of its heat shield , and it parachuted through 150 km of the atmosphere , collecting data for 57 @.@ 6 minutes , before being crushed by the pressure and temperature to which it was subjected ( about 22 times Earth normal , at a temperature of 153 ° C ) . It would have melted thereafter , and possibly vaporized . The Galileo orbiter itself experienced a more rapid version of the same fate when it was deliberately steered into the planet on September 21 , 2003 at a speed of over 50 km / s , in order to avoid any possibility of it crashing into and contaminating Europa . 
 Major scientific results of the Galileo mission include : 
 the first observation of ammonia clouds in another planet 's atmosphere — the atmosphere creates ammonia ice particles from material coming up from lower depths ; 
 confirmation of extensive volcanic activity on Io — which is 100 times greater than that found on Earth ; the heat and frequency of eruptions are reminiscent of early Earth ; 
 observation of complex plasma interactions in Io 's atmosphere which create immense electrical currents that couple to Jupiter 's atmosphere ; 
 providing evidence for supporting the theory that liquid oceans exist under Europa 's icy surface ; 
 first detection of a substantial magnetic field around a satellite ( Ganymede ) ; 
 magnetic data evidence suggesting that Europa , Ganymede and Callisto have a liquid @-@ saltwater layer under the visible surface ; 
 evidence for a thin atmospheric layer on Europa , Ganymede , and Callisto known as a ' surface @-@ bound exosphere ' ; 
 understanding of the formation of the rings of Jupiter ( by dust kicked up as interplanetary meteoroids which smash into the planet 's four small inner moons ) and observation of two outer rings and the possibility of a separate ring along Amalthea 's orbit ; 
 identification of the global structure and dynamics of a giant planet 's magnetosphere . 
 On December 11 , 2013 , NASA reported , based on results from the Galileo mission , the detection of " clay @-@ like minerals " ( specifically , phyllosilicates ) , often associated with organic materials , on the icy crust of Europa , moon of Jupiter . The presence of the minerals may have been the result of a collision with an asteroid or comet according to the scientists . 
 
 = = = Juno ( 2016 ) = = = 
 
 NASA launched Juno on August 5 , 2011 to study Jupiter in detail from a polar orbit when it arrives in 2016 . The spacecraft will be placed in a polar orbit to study the planet 's composition , gravity field , magnetic field , and polar magnetosphere . Juno will also search for clues about how Jupiter formed , including whether the planet has a rocky core , the amount of water present within the deep atmosphere , and how the mass is distributed within the planet . Juno will also study Jupiter 's deep winds , which can reach speeds of 600 km / h . Juno started orbiting Jupiter on the night of 4th July 2016 . 
 
 = = = Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer ( 2022 ) = = = 
 
 ESA 's Jupiter Icy Moon Explorer ( JUICE ) has been selected as part of ESA 's Cosmic Vision science program . It is expected to launch in 2022 and , after a series of flybys in the inner Solar System , arrive in 2030 . In 2012 , the European Space Agency 's selected the JUpiter ICy moon Explorer ( JUICE ) as its first Large mission , replacing its contribution to EJSM , the Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter ( JGO ) . The partnership for the Europa Jupiter System Mission has since ended , but NASA will continue to contribute the European mission with hardware and an instrument . 
 
 = = Proposed missions = = 
 
 The Europa Clipper is a mission proposed to NASA to focus on studying Jupiter 's moon Europa . In March 2013 , funds were authorized for " pre @-@ formulation and / or formulation activities for a mission that meets the science goals outlined for the Jupiter Europa mission in the most recent planetary decadal survey " . The proposed mission would be set to launch in the early 2020s and reach Europa after a 6 @.@ 5 year cruise . The spacecraft would fly by the moon 32 times to minimize radiation damage . 
 
 = = = Canceled missions = = = 
 
 Because of the possibility of subsurface liquid oceans on Jupiter 's moons Europa , Ganymede and Callisto , there has been great interest in studying the icy moons in detail . Funding difficulties have delayed progress . The Europa Orbiter was a planned NASA mission to Europa , which was canceled in 2002 . Its main objectives included determining the presence or absence of a subsurface ocean and identifying candidate sites for future lander missions . NASA 's JIMO ( Jupiter Icy Moons Orbiter ) , which was canceled in 2005 , and a European Jovian Europa Orbiter mission were also studied , but were superseded by the Europa Jupiter System Mission . 
 The Europa Jupiter System Mission ( EJSM ) was a joint NASA / ESA proposal for exploration of Jupiter and its moons . In February 2009 it was announced that both space agencies had given this mission priority ahead of the Titan Saturn System Mission . The proposal included a launch date of around 2020 and consists of the NASA @-@ led Jupiter Europa Orbiter , and the ESA @-@ led Jupiter Ganymede Orbiter . ESA 's contribution had encountered funding competition from other ESA projects . However , the Jupiter Europa Orbiter ( JEO ) , NASA 's contribution , was considered by the Planetary Decadal Survey to be too expensive . The survey supported a cheaper alternative to JEO . 
 
 = = Human exploration = = 
 
 While scientists require further evidence to determine the extent of a rocky core on Jupiter , its Galilean moons provide the potential opportunity for future human exploration . 
 Particular targets are Europa , due to its potential for life , and Callisto , due to its relatively low radiation dose . In 2003 , NASA proposed a program called Human Outer Planets Exploration ( HOPE ) that involved sending astronauts to explore the Galilean moons . NASA has projected a possible attempt some time in the 2040s . In the Vision for Space Exploration policy announced in January 2004 , NASA discussed missions beyond Mars , mentioning that a " human research presence " may be desirable on Jupiter 's moons . Before the JIMO mission was cancelled , NASA administrator Sean O 'Keefe stated that " human explorers will follow . " 
 
 = = = Potential for colonization = = = 
 
 NASA has speculated on the feasibility of mining the atmospheres of the outer planets , particularly for helium @-@ 3 , an isotope of helium that is rare on Earth and could have a very high value per unit mass as thermonuclear fuel . Factories stationed in orbit could mine the gas and deliver it to visiting craft . However , the Jovian system in general poses particular disadvantages for colonization because of the severe radiation conditions prevailing in Jupiter 's magnetosphere and the planet 's particularly deep gravitational well . Jupiter would deliver about 36 Sv ( 3600 rem ) per day to unshielded colonists at Io and about 5 @.@ 4 Sv ( 540 rems ) per day to unshielded colonists at Europa , which is a decisive aspect due to the fact that already an exposure to about 0 @.@ 75 Sv over a period of a few days is enough to cause radiation poisoning , and about 5 Sv over a few days is fatal . 
 Ganymede is the Solar System 's largest moon and the Solar System 's only known moon with a magnetosphere , but this does not shield it from cosmic radiation to a noteworthy degree , because it is overshadowed by Jupiter 's magnetic field . Ganymede receives about 0 @.@ 08 Sv ( 8 rem ) of radiation per day . Callisto is farther from Jupiter 's strong radiation belt and subject to only 0 @.@ 0001 Sv ( 0 @.@ 01 rem ) a day . For comparison , the average amount of radiation taken on Earth by a living organism is about 0 @.@ 0024 Sv per year ; the highest natural radiation levels on Earth are recorded around Ramsar hot springs at about 0 @.@ 26 Sv per year . 
 One of the main targets chosen by the HOPE study was Callisto . The possibility of building a surface base on Callisto was proposed , because of the low radiation levels at its distance from Jupiter and its geological stability . Callisto is the only Galilean satellite for which human exploration is feasible . The levels of ionizing radiation on Io , Europa , and Ganymede are hostile to human life , and adequate protective measures have yet to be devised . 
 It could be possible to build a surface base that would produce fuel for further exploration of the Solar System . In 1997 , the Artemis Project designed a plan to colonize Europa . According to this plan , explorers would drill down into the Europan ice crust , entering the postulated subsurface ocean , where they would inhabit artificial air pockets . 
 
 
 = Fort Glanville Conservation Park = 
 
 Fort Glanville Conservation Park is a protected area located in the Australian state of South Australia located in Semaphore Park , a seaside suburb of Adelaide consisting of a functional 19th century fort listed on the South Australian Heritage Register and some adjoining land . The fort was built after more than 40 years of indecision over the defence of South Australia . It was the first colonial fortification in the state and is the best preserved and most functional in Australia . Fort Glanville was designed by Governor Major General Sir William Jervois and Lieutenant Colonel Peter Scratchley , both important figures in early Australian colonial defence . When built it was designed to defend both Semaphore 's anchorage and shipping entering the Port River from naval attack . 
 Construction of the fort began in 1878 . It was officially opened in October 1880 and completed by 1882 . Due to changes in the Port River and shipping movements , Fort Largs surpassed it for strategic importance by 1890 . By the close of the 19th century , the fort was largely unused and had no defence significance . It was briefly used for military purposes during World War I and World War II , though not for its original defensive role . For much of the 20th century the area was put to a variety of uses including accommodation , a caravan park and a boy scout campsite . After coming into state government hands in 1951 it was declared as a conservation park and is now managed by the Department of Environment , Water and Natural Resources ( DEWNR ) ; preserving and showcasing its historic value . The fort and surrounds occupy the northern half of the 5 @-@ hectare ( 12 @-@ acre ) conservation park , the southern half is a caravan park . The fort is a lunette shaped defensible battery that was supported by land forces for self @-@ defence . When constructed it was seen as state of the art , incorporating powerful and modern weapons . Its main armament is two rifled muzzle @-@ loading ( RML ) 10 inch 20 ton guns backed up by two RML 64 pounder 64 cwt guns , both rare in their particular configuration . The fort retains its original 19th century cannons and three have been restored to working condition . 
 Fort Glanville Historical Association operates the park under license and conducts open days in the park , recreating the past operation of the fort including military drill and the firing of period weapons . The Association , park service , other volunteers and various grants have all helped ensure the fort is presented in close to original condition . It is the most complete 19th Century fort in Australia , and one of very few in the world that remains in original condition . Connecting the fort to Semaphore jetty is the Semaphore and Fort Glanville Tourist Railway , a 457 mm ( 18 @.@ 0 in ) gauge passenger steam train operated by volunteers from the National Railway Museum . 
 
 = = Historic background = = 
 
 In the early years of colonial South Australia , the colonists saw themselves as part of the British Empire and external defence as an Imperial responsibility . Communication lines were long and the empire 's wars remote . Great Britain had undisputed military predominance and she was expected by all to protect her colonies , even one as distant . For local defence , Governor Gawler raised the first military force in 1840 , composed solely of volunteers and known as the South Australian Volunteer Militia Brigade . It was granted the " Royal " title in 1841 but the brigade had all but ceased to exist a year later . The colony obtained its first artillery in 1847 with the arrival of six field guns of various types . 
 Tensions between Britain and the Russian Empire in the 1850s , as starkly demonstrated by the Crimean War , along with Australia @-@ wide moves towards self @-@ government caused a reassessment of the colony 's defence posture . The various colonies regarded themselves as possible targets for the Russian Pacific Fleet , then based in Siberia . In 1854 , Governor Henry Young appointed a commission under Boyle Travers Finniss to report on the defence of the colony , in case of war . Boyle 's report recommended leaving strategic defence in the hands of the Imperial Navy , though South Australia was to purchase a 400 ton naval vessel . Local defence was to be largely handled by the existing small Imperial garrison and local colonial force , supported by the artillery obtained in 1847 . When the Crimean War ended in 1856 , the danger passed and the perceived need for expensive defence preparations with it . For many years nothing substantive came about from debate on defence of the colony . Over time there formed a consensus favouring Semaphore for fixed defences or fortification ; a strategy also argued by the government established Hart Commission in 1858 . Raiders were seen as unlikely to force the shallows of the Port River but instead were expected to stand off Semaphore , shell the port and use their guns to support landings . The Hart Report recommended building of martello towers at Semaphore and Glenelg , the first report to recommend permanent fortification at Semaphore , though none were built mainly due to the cost . 
 The volunteer military force was revived in 1859 , with new and modern arms for the infantry , cavalry and artillery . Though there was a few years of enthusiasm and a restructuring in 1866 , by 1870 the force was virtually disbanded . In that year also , British troops were withdrawn from the other Australian colonies ; none were by then stationed in South Australia . With no definitive defence policy , in 1864 the government had sought advice from Captain Parkin of HMS Falcon and Commodore Sir William Wiseman commander of the Australian station ; both visiting British naval officers . They both recommended fixed fortifications for the coast supported by gunboats . Sir Wiseman 's report particularly recommended construction of forts at Semaphore , Port Creek 's entrance and one midway between . In 1864 a story circulated , supported by press speculation , that there was a danger of the Russian fleet attacking Melbourne should Russia and Britain find themselves at war . The South Australian Register produced an editorial decrying the states lack of defences . Within days £ 20 @,@ 000 ( A $ 4 @.@ 14 million in 2005 ) was provided by the government for defence , an amount then seen as insufficient for significant preparation . The danger passed without any lasting defence action except the government 's in @-@ principle adoption of Sir Wiseman 's recommendations . To curtail costs only the Semaphore fort was to be built initially , as it was considered the most critical . Site preparation begun and two 9 @-@ inch ( 230 mm ) guns were purchased , but escalating cost estimates caused the plan to be abandoned by 1868 . 
 During the early 1870s South Australia 's defence was solely dependent on the volunteer military , and a few artillery pieces purchased during earlier war scares . British troops had been withdrawn from the Australian colonies in 1870 , leaving the state dependent on its own military resources . In a report to the government in 1866 , Colonel Freeling and Major Peter Scratchley recommended establishment of a permanent military force . In 1876 the South Australian government , along with those from New South Wales , Victoria and Queensland requested from the War Office that Major General Sir William Jervois , a noted coastal fortification expert , be appointed to advise on defence needs . He arrived in Sydney in mid @-@ 1877 with then Lieutenant Colonel Scratchley . The 1877 report , delivered after he became South Australian Governor , called for three batteries , at Largs Bay , Semaphore and Glenelg , connected by a military road and supported by field gun emplacements , naval elements and mobile forces . He determined that South Australia 's most probable defence risk was an attack by up to two ships rather than a larger force , and this formed the basis of the final fortification design . His report called for Military Road to be extended to Marino , an electro @-@ contact torpedo station be established on Torrens Island and that a gun boat be provided . In November 1878 the government passed the Military Forces Act , which provided for the raising of a permanent military force and reserve . Two volunteer reserve rifle companies were formed in 1878 and a permanent artillery unit in 1882 . 
 At this time Semaphore , with its jetty built in 1860 , was the state 's main entry point for passengers and mail . It had a signal station ( built 1872 ) and a time ball tower ( built 1875 ) . Semaphore remained of great maritime significance for the state until the 1880s . When the decision was made to build the fort , in 1878 , the state 's population had reached approximately 250 @,@ 000 . Settlement extended beyond Port Augusta , though Adelaide remained the dominant feature in the economy partly due to the layout of the rail network . At this point Adelaide had a population of over 30 @,@ 000 . Port Adelaide was the main port for South Australia , with over 1000 ships visiting each year , and a local population of over 2 @,@ 500 . 
 
 = = Foundation = = 
 
 Scratchley had inspected the proposed South Australian fort sites , and Jervois and Scratchley were both responsible for the final fort design and location . The first fort was erected to guard both the entrance to Port Adelaide and the anchorage at Semaphore . It was built on sandhills near Glanville Hall at Semaphore , on a promontory called " Point Malcom " — a name that is now used for an adjacent reserve . The site was chosen so as to best guard shipping sailing to both the Port River and the Outer Harbour ; and a second northern fort was to protect the entrance to Port River itself . At the time of its construction it was seen as a defence against foreign threats , mainly Russian . Scratchley had offered to design the battery , the offer accepted by Cabinet in January 1878 , and he was primarily responsible for the design of both Fort Glanville and Fort Largs . The plans were drawn by Alexander Bain Moncrieff of the South Australian Engineer @-@ in @-@ Chief 's Department , supervised by Scratchley in his Melbourne headquarters . Moncrieff , at Scratchley 's suggestion , was later to supervise the fort 's construction . Plans for both batteries were completed in June 1878 , tenders called for in July and the contract for Fort Glanville awarded in August to John Robb of Kapunda , South Australia for the sum of £ 15 @,@ 893 12s 7d . 
 Construction began in 1878 and though completed by 1882 the fort was operational in 1880 . Changes were made to the design during construction . Some forced by armament changes and others made to ensure additional security , including a rear @-@ defence wall and connecting road from Military Road . By January 1880 two guns were in place and the fort opened later the same year with an extensive opening ceremony on 2 October . In addition to parades , a small target was moored 3 @,@ 500 yards ( 3 @,@ 200 m ) offshore and fired on by all guns . A total of sixteen shots were fired during which one of the ten inch guns proved faulty . Only one ranging shot was fired and the shots were estimated to land from on @-@ target to 350 yards short . The fort 's final cost was approximately £ 36 @,@ 000 ( A $ 7 @.@ 05 million in 2005 ) consisting of £ 23 @,@ 600 for physical structures and the remainder for armament and fittings . At the time of its construction it was at the forefront of such fortification design , and was considered state of the art . 
 When first conceived , it was known as the Semaphore Battery , later changed to South Battery and then Fort Glanville by the opening ceremony . The name Glanville came from nearby Glanville Hall , residence of John Hart ( 1809 – 1873 ) thrice Premier of South Australia . Hart had named the house after his mother 's maiden name ( Mary Glanville ) . 
 
 = = Personnel = = 
 
 For the eighteen months after its opening , the fort was manned by B company of the South Australian Volunteer Artillery but only on weekends . This changed in mid @-@ 1882 when South Australia 's first permanent military force was formed . The fort became the headquarters for the South Australian Permanent Military Force , then the state 's entire standing army of one officer and eighteen other ranks . Some of the unit was stationed at nearby Fort Largs from 1886 ; and , by 1889 the unit had grown to one officer and 45 other ranks . This force grew to 53 of all ranks by 1892 and was by then known as the Permanent Artillery . The unit trained 27 more non @-@ commissioned officers and men who were sent to man the King George Sound batteries near Albany , Western Australia . Though some of the gunners served in the Second Boer War , the unit itself never saw action . Fort Glanville 's section was called out in 1890 , marching to assist the police with a waterside worker 's strike in Port Adelaide . In this case no shots were fired and the strikers did not confront the police or troops . Additional defence acts were passed in 1886 , 1890 and 1895 but , until defence passed into federal hands after 1901 , the state 's permanent military force was composed solely of artillery . Shortly after the federation of Australia , a regiment of the Royal Australian Artillery ( RAA ) was formed and what had been the Permanent Artillery became No.10 company RAA . The fort was manned to an extent during World War I , with one non @-@ commissioned officer and 11 gunners stationed as of November 1914 . Military reports and orders show the fort manned to at least mid @-@ 1918 , though at this point it is doubtful if the guns were fit to engage targets . 
 There is little in the way of surviving personnel records from the fort 's active time . They may have either been destroyed or transferred to Melbourne after federation . The fort 's record book shows it manned by a section of either the Royal Australian Artillery or B Company of the militia garrison artillery . For the time covered by the book , strength varied from 56 to 108 men of all ranks . Two figures who served at the fort are remembered for their impact outside its operation : 
 Battery Sergeant Major Charles Moritz , who initially joined the volunteer artillery and was the Permanent Artillery 's first recruit . 
 Joseph Maria Gordon ( 1856 – 1929 ) , the fort 's first commander and later military commandant for South Australia . Gordon retired in 1914 as Chief of the General Staff , Australian Military Forces . 
 
 = = Structure = = 
 
 The fort is designed as a defensible battery , rather than a defensive strongpoint . The faces of the fort join to form a half @-@ moon shape or lunette . The guns ' primary role was to defend Port Adelaide and the Semaphore anchorage rather than the fort itself , and the design reflects this . It was intended to be supported by field artillery , cavalry and infantry for self @-@ defence and to repel landings . While the fort retains its original form , the ditch and glacis ( embankment ) have been modified and are largely non @-@ existent in some areas . Ground levels have been changed to accommodate paths and a caravan park , and the original western fence no longer exists . 
 The entrance road was constructed from Military Road to the fort 's rear gates . Its path is largely followed by the modern Queen Elizabeth II walk , though the former road was slightly to the south . This walk links the conservation park 's visitor centre to the fort gates ; some of the old road can still be seen close to the gates . What was the muster ground is partly taken up by the caravan and camping park and a car park . It was levelled and filled in the 1950s for this use . What remains of this ground , north of the caravan park , was returned to its 1880s profile in 1993 funded by a Federal Government grant . In the 19th century , the muster ground was used for training of the Volunteer Military Force including artillery , who camped on the site . As designed the fort 's rear was protected with a wooden palisade or stockade . In 1881 a masonry wall was added , greatly strengthening defence . Most of the stockade was reconstructed in the 1970s ; some of the original wooden structure is visible in the fort 's north . 
 
 = = = Fortification = = = 
 
 The main defensive structure is a revetted lunette shaped earthwork . It has a 15 @-@ metre ( 49 ft ) thick rampart with 1 @.@ 5 m ( 5 ft ) of concrete and 0 @.@ 6 m ( 2 ft ) of brick forming a retaining wall for the earth fill . The rampart is covered by natural vegetation and , in both the 19th and 21st century operation , is closed to access to preserve this . The glacis gives extra protection to the fort and was designed to blend the fort into the landscape . It surrounded the fort on the north , south and seaward sides and was made by forming the surrounding sandhills . The side facing the fort — the scarp — is steep and , with the front face of the rampart , forms a 12 ft ( 3 @.@ 7 m ) wide ditch that can be raked by rifle fire from the caponier or the stockade 's sides . The outer face is a gentle slope and is designed to be covered by case shot fired from the fort 's 64 @-@ pounder guns . The southern glacis section was removed during sand mining and construction of the caravan park , both after World War II . The western glacis is changed , but still visible , and the northern glacis was recreated in 1993 — showcasing the purpose of the glacis and the function of the caponier . Access to the fort is via double gates at the fort 's rear , one each through the stockade and the rear defence wall . Both gates were removed or destroyed over time and the 21st century gates are reconstructions . The formal parade ground or manning parade lies between the rear walls and barracks , and the raised terreplein . It was formerly used for drill training , assembly and formal parades . First gravelled when constructed , it was paved with tar in the 1890s to solve drainage problems . Around the seaward side of the manning parade runs the terreplein . It is a raised crescent shaped level on which the guns platforms sit , and is ascended from the manning parade by ramps and stairs . 
 After numerous proposals the sand hills rear and north of the fort were removed in 1882 , improving the fort 's land defence and allowing the 64 @-@ pounder guns to sweep the Semaphore jetty . This now levelled area was used as a bivouac and exercise area for the colony 's volunteer troops . A stable , office , shed and gunner 's store were also erected north of the fort . The gunner 's shed was damaged by fire in 1895 and replaced further eastward . These buildings did not survive into the 21st century . 
 
 = = = Internal rooms = = = 
 
 On either side of the terreplein , wide of the 64 @-@ pound guns , are two small rooms known as the expense stores . They were used for ready @-@ to @-@ use ammunition for the adjacent guns , except for armour piercing shells which were stored in the rear @-@ defence wall 's archways . Between the 64 @-@ pounders and the 10 " gun positions are two raised observation platforms set into the structure for gun commanders to spot the fall of outgoing shells . Ranging was either performed from here or from a ranging position set in the sand hills to the fort 's north . Between the 10 " guns is a T @-@ shaped loading gallery that draws shells and gunpowder via a hoist system from the magazine below . Either side of the gallery was installed the Armstrong mechanical loading systems for the 10 " guns . These mechanical systems proved unsuccessful and were removed in the 1890s , though the southern one has been reconstructed . The magazine is accessed from the manning parade and is directly beneath the 10 " gun loading gallery . Voice pipes and hoists originally installed have been removed but their remains are visible . 
 The caponier ( rifle gallery ) extends into the ditch between the rampart and glacis from the fort 's north west corner . It is connected to the fort via a tunnel , running under the rampart from the manning parade . For blast protection and defensibility the tunnel was built with a dogleg . The caponier has rifle firing ports and was originally protected from direct artillery fire by the glacis . Early plans showed the caponier extending from the fort 's south west , and a tunnel linking the magazine and southern guns . 
 
 = = = Buildings = = = 
 
 The barracks consists of two levels , with rifle firing holes on all sides . Iron shutters closed on the inside and were locked with wooden beams . In 1885 the verandah facing the manning parade was enclosed with wooden shutters to keep the weather out . These shutters were removed during 20th @-@ century restoration work and the verandah returned to original condition . The roof was at first flat timber overlaid by 12 inches ( 30 cm ) of lime concrete . This first roof leaked and an iron roof was added in 1885 . The first floor of the barracks contains the officer 's rooms and troop 's barracks room . Its eastern ( outer ) wall is not flat , incorporating a design feature known as " hornwork " , which opens the field of fire from the rifle holes . Some of the firing holes were bricked in during the 1930s ; this has been only partly rectified during restoration . 
 The basement contains the gunner 's mess , canteen , No. 1 ancillary store , pantry and officer 's kitchen . The canteen sold everyday necessities as well as a few items like biscuits , sweets and tobacco to the stationed troops . Profits from the canteen were used to fund sporting equipment for the garrison . The No.1 ancillary store was used for various pieces of delicate equipment , fuses , friction tubes and rockets . In 1887 an explosion in the room caused a number of injuries , damage to the store and to the above officer 's quarters . The barracks room and officer 's quarters are connected with a door , probably added in the 1930s as it is not part of the original plans . The barracks room accommodated approximately 20 men . For display purposes it is outfitted as for similar period barracks . 
 A laboratory is built into the rear wall , on the forts southern side . This room is set into the end of the rampart and was used to prepare gunpowder charges . A guardhouse was built at the manning parade 's southern end in 1885 . It is now used as a duty room for the drill squad during recreation demonstrations but originally was a guard 's room and separate cells connected by telephone to Fort Largs . Up to three men appear to have been accommodated in the guard 's room . When the fort was converted to use as a caravan park the guard house was converted to an ablution block . A store and ablution block were also built in 1885 between the stockade and rear defence wall . 
 
 = = Armament = = 
 
 Early plans for the fort 's armament were drawn up by Harding Stewart of the British War Office . They called for four 9 in ( 230 mm ) 12 long tons ( 12 t ) rifled muzzle @-@ loading ( RML ) guns , two mounted in turrets and two behind vertical iron shields . This configuration of siege artillery had not been tried before and the plan was abandoned due to the large expected cost . Two of the 9 in guns had been in South Australia since c.1868 after a Colonial Government request , but were not used in the eventual fort design . The final Jervois / Scratchley design omitted the turret and iron shields . 64 @-@ pounder RML guns were substituted for two of the 9 in guns and 10 in 20 ton RML guns for the remaining two . The 20 ton guns were chosen over the then standard 18 ton gun by Jervois after he saw the plans in England , the decision influenced by the then fully committed nature of the Royal Arsenal . Jervois had originally ordered the 18 ton guns but cancelled the order and changed to the Armstrong 20 ton when the arsenal was unable fulfil the order . He also ordered Armstrong 's mechanical loading and protected barbette system for the 20 ton guns . This original battery of four heavy guns remains in place at the fort . 
 
 = = = 10 inch RML guns = = = 
 
 The fort 's main armament were the two RML 10 inch 20 ton guns — Numbers 3470 and 3472 . They were manufactured in 1879 by WG Armstrong and Company and originally used the Armstrong protected barbette loading system . They were made to the 1878 pattern and supplied on traversing slides . The guns have a 10 @-@ inch ( 250 mm ) calibre , a range of 6 @,@ 500 yards ( 5 @,@ 900 m ) with a muzzle velocity of 1 @,@ 630 feet per second ( 497 m / s ) and are capable of penetrating 11 inches ( 28 cm ) of iron at 2 @,@ 000 yards ( 1 @,@ 800 m ) . 
 They fire 400 @-@ pound ( 181 kg ) projectiles using a 130 @-@ pound ( 59 kg ) gunpowder cartridge . Though they were insufficient against contemporary battleships , they were seen as adequate for the light cruisers that the fort was expected to face . The carriages weighed 13 long tons ( 13 t ) and moved on semi @-@ circular traverses . The guns were loaded either manually — using the Woolwich ( derrick ) system — or via the Armstrong mechanical loader . The Armstrong system enabled loading of the guns from behind the protection of the rampart whereas the manual system required at least two crew to be exposed on the rampart 's top . Despite this the guns were manually loaded for most of their operational life as the Armstrong cable drive was faulty and too difficult to maintain . The guns had a 14 @-@ man crew and loading took about 2 minutes , a rate of fire that was only slightly faster using the Armstrong equipment . 
 By 1902 the guns had together fired 219 rounds , though not all at full charge with the records showing only 125 effective full charges . The platforms and traverses were scrapped in 1937 but the gun barrels were uneconomic to cut up and were left in place . One gun platform and its equipment was rebuilt in 1997 using money raised by Fort Glanville Historical Association volunteers working at the Australian Grand Prix . 
 
 = = = 64 pounder RML guns = = = 
 
 In the flank barbettes are mounted two mark III RML 64 pounder 64 cwt guns , numbers 462 and 463 . They are rifled muzzle @-@ loading heavy guns weighing 64 long hundredweight ( 3 @,@ 300 kg ) with a 6 @.@ 3 @-@ inch ( 160 mm ) calibre steel barrel . They were made to the model 's 1867 pattern by the Royal Arsenal , Woolwich , England in 1872 . Their intended use was to protect the flanks and approaches to the fort . These smaller guns use an 8 lb ( 4 kg ) charge of gunpowder to send a 64 lb ( 29 kg ) projectile up to 5 @,@ 000 yards ( 4 @,@ 600 m ) . There are iron rings fixed in the rampart wall that indicate traversing gun carriages were intended to be mounted , though this never eventuated . The guns were supplied with siege over @-@ bank carriages . The lower carriage sections are the type made for the guns when used as field pieces and the upper sections are brackets that raise the guns to the over @-@ bank firing position . In this particular configuration the two guns are thought to be the last in the world . 
 By the end of their active use in 1902 together they had fired 1540 rounds in practice , though not all at full power as they are recorded as firing under 300 effective full charges . By then the wheels were significantly rotted and the ammunition limbers had become unserviceable . Less wheels , the guns were removed from the fort in 1909 ; Adelaide 's city council then set them in Brougham Gardens , North Adelaide . Both were returned to the fort in 1976 and remounted on restored carriages of the original design . They are the only two guns of their type remaining in Australia . The southern gun ( Number 463 ) fired three blank charges in 1980 to mark the centenary of the first firing at the fort . This same gun is fired regularly by the volunteers of the Fort Glanville Historical Association ( FGHA ) . 
 Both types of heavy guns used where the only ones of their specific series and type to come to Australia . Though they were never fired in anger , the battery is only 40 feet ( 12 m ) above mean sea level which would have limited the accuracy of the mark III depression rangefinders used . 
 
 = = = Other weaponry = = = 
 
 Prior to 1895 two 6 @-@ inch ( 200 mm ) breech @-@ loading guns had been imported for use in small boats . This use was rejected by military authorities and the guns sat unused . In 1895 the South Australian Defence Committee proposed that the guns be mounted at Fort Glanville , replacing the 64 @-@ pounders whose siege carriages were then unfit for service . This proposal would have greatly extended the useful life of the fort , at little cost . The two military branches , army and navy , could not reach agreement and the proposal was abandoned by 1897 . The gun 's eventual fate is unknown , though a gun found in the Port River later indicates they may have been dumped . 
 Gun emplacements were made , about a mile apart south of the fort , for six 16 @-@ pounder field guns to provide close defence in case of an attempted beach landing . From 1890 the fort was equipped with moveable armament . It received an 1867 Whitworth 12 @-@ pounder RML field gun and a 5 @-@ barrel 0 @.@ 45 " Martini @-@ henry cartridge firing Nordenfelt gun . The 12 @-@ pounder had fired 222 effective full charges by 1902 ; at which time both weapons were obsolete and their eventual fate is unknown . A 32 @-@ pounder 56 long cwt ( 2 @,@ 800 kg ) smoothbore gun on a stepped wooden carriage was purchased in 1878 . Manufactured by the Royal Arsenal in 1806 , it was the familiar " ships cannon " and came to South Australia with two other identical guns . By 1902 no ammunition was held for it and it was listed as for instruction only . The gun was probably destroyed in the 1930s — certainly by the end of the 1940s — with pieces of such a gun found on site in 1983 . 
 In the late 20th century the fort acquired three 16 @-@ pounder RML mark I field guns . They were formerly used by A battery , South Australian Volunteer Artillery from 1880 until 1901 . Gun number 288 is complete and used for blank firings by the Historical Association . Also acquired is a 2 @-@ pounder RML Whitworth mountain gun made in 1867 . It was also used by A Battery , subsequently by Fort Largs as a signal gun . It is one of only two of this type known to exist , the other in the United Kingdom . The visitors centre has two 9 @-@ pounder brass smoothbore field guns made by H & C King in 1819 . They arrived in South Australia in 1857 and were used for practice shoots near the fort c.1860 ; one is known to have been on the manning parade in 1890 though its use is unknown . They later became saluting guns at Fort Largs , moving by 1919 to near the Jervois Wing of the State Library of South Australia . The Art Gallery of South Australia saved them from a 1941 wartime scrap drive and mounted them on reproduction naval carriages in front of Government House in 1962 . The gallery took them back in late 1977 and transferred them to the History Trust of South Australia in 1988 . The History Trust has loaned them to Fort Glanville for display . Outside the visitor 's centre is a 6 in ( 200 mm ) breech @-@ loading Armstrong 80 long cwt ( 4 @,@ 100 kg ) gun ( No.4242 ) that was made in 1884 and used in Victoria . The Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation ( CSIRO ) brought it to the state in 1966 for research , subsequently moving it to Perry Engineering at Mile End . In 1984 the CSIRO donated the gun to the park . 
 
 = = Defence significance = = 
 
 Work began in 1882 on Fort Glanville 's northern sister Fort Largs — then known as the Port Adelaide battery — to the same specification as Fort Glanville ; its barracks and rear defence wall were finished in 1885 . Though guns had already been purchased specially , plans for the third fort at Glenelg were not proceeded with . South Australia was experiencing a depression in 1886 and that coupled with a report by General James Bevan Edwards scuttled plans for the third coastal fort . As early as 1888 the emphasis for defence of the Adelaide coast had already shifted to Fort Largs ; a fact cited as part of the reason for abandonment of the Glenelg fortifications . 
 From this point Fort Glanville 's significance declined rapidly . Fort Largs was equipped in 1889 with two 6 inch breech @-@ loading disappearing guns which outranged Glanville 's armament . The decline was also linked to changes in Port Adelaide 's maritime facilities and the consequent northward movement of anchored and berthed vessels . During the 1880s the Port River was deepened enabling large ships to sail up and berth , rather than the former practice of anchoring off @-@ shore . 
 The fort remained as headquarters of South Australia 's permanent military force until the 1890s and as late as 1895 there were still plans to upgrade the 64 @-@ pounder armament , though without result . By 1901 the fort was manned on a caretaker basis only and no permanent forces were stationed . The Federal Government assumed responsibility for South Australian defence in 1903 and took over the fort . Though Glanville by then had no significant defence role , the state received £ 14 @,@ 739 in compensation . From that point its significance was not defence related but as the first and best preserved 19th @-@ century fortification in South Australia . 
 
 = = 20th century = = 
 
 At Federation in 1901 South Australia 's defences became a federal responsibility . Though both infantry and artillery units were housed at the site on occasion , by 1903 there was no longer a permanent military presence at the fort . For most of the 20th century the site was neglected and largely vacated . It did attract some usage though not always of a military nature . During World War I it was partly revived for a former use , with ammunition stored on site . During the same period however the military used it as a detention barracks . Some or all of the fort was leased for private accommodation during the great depression . During the 1930s the magazine was again used , this time to store small arms ammunition . From June 1931 until the beginning of World War II the site housed a Sea Scout detachment , and was used as a district camp @-@ site for the Boy Scouts . The Department of Defence decided in 1937 that much of the equipment and fittings at the fort were surplus to requirements . Consequent to this the mountings and carriages for the 10 inch guns were removed and sold as scrap ; though effort was made to scrap the barrels it proved uneconomic and they were left in place . In an unusual turn of events , the fort briefly housed refugees . Twenty @-@ nine islanders from the Maldives were rescued from their sinking dhow by a ship bound for Wallaroo . They stayed at the fort for a week in 1938 , before repatriation could be arranged . During World War II the fort again attracted military related use . During 1944 the Proof and Experimental Establishment at Port Wakefield made use of the site to proof ordnance QF 6 pounder anti @-@ tank guns manufactured at General Motors Holden in Woodville . The fort was also used as a residence again , with at least two families reported as living in the under @-@ ground sections during the war . 
 After the war , the State Government negotiated with its federal counterpart to gain control of Fort Glanville . This eventuated in the 1951 sale of the 13 @-@ acre ( 5 ha ) site , which was subsequently administered by the State Tourist Department as a caravan and camping park . The park occupied the muster ground outside the fort and the fort 's barracks building was used as a manager 's residence . The caravan park has had various managers since establishment : Until 1981 it was managed by the National Parks and Wildlife Service ( NPWS ) , by Woodville Council until 1986 and subsequently by a private operator under a long @-@ term lease . 
 A significant change in the fort 's conservation and preservation outlook was its declaration as a Historic Relic under the Aboriginal and Historic Relics Preservation Act in 1972 . Up to then there had been growing awareness of the significance of the site in terms of the state 's colonial heritage . Control of the park was moved to the National Parks and Wildlife Service ( NPWS ) , and the fort and surrounds became designated as Fort Glanville Conservation Park . The National Estate Grants Program provided funds in 1975 for conservation work ; NPWS began this work in the same year and the caravan park boundary was moved southwards . Though the site had long been neglected , there was minimal permanent damage to its structure . During the 1970s reconstruction , much of the stockade was replaced . The replaced timbers are visibly different as they have shrunk significantly with large gaps that are not evident in the original timber . Adelaide City Council agreed to return the 64 @-@ pounder guns and new wheels were made ; replacing those rotted over half a century before . In a ceremony on 2 October 1980 , the 100th anniversary of the guns first firing , one of the 64 @-@ pounders was fired again ; later a commemoration plaque was added to the fort 's flagpole 's base . Shortly after this firing the Fort Glanville Historical Association was formed , and was incorporated in 1981 . Fort Glanville was opened for public visitation in 1981 . 
 As part of South Australia 's sesquicentenary , the South Australia Jubilee 150 board granted $ 250 @,@ 000 for work on the fort , allowing construction of a visitor centre . Queen Elizabeth II visited and inspected the site , and newly constructed visitor centre , for almost an hour on 13 March 1986 . For the visit the historical association demonstrated firing of both the 64 and 2 pounder cannons . The visitor centre was officially opened one month after this visit . Governor Dame Roma Mitchell named the old road " Queen Elizabeth II Walk " in March 1991 ceremony , commemorating the 5th anniversary of the queen 's visit . Considerable subsequent restoration work has been completed on the fort , including the barrack 's interior . The portion of the muster ground that is not within the caravan park was returned to its original level in 1993 . 
 
 = = Park and fort today = = 
 
 Fort Glanville Conservation Park is one of South Australia 's most important heritage sites . It is the premier site in the state , and possibly Australia , for showcasing colonial era defences and fortifications . The fort is listed on both the South Australian Heritage Register and the National Trust 's classified list . It is considered significant , in national historical military terms , for its association with Jervois and Scratchley ; both leading British defence experts who influenced Australian defence thinking in the late 19th century . The fort was very well constructed with high quality materials ; facts that have been noted as contributing to its preservation . The fort is largely intact and in original condition and is , along with Bluff Battery in Hobart , the best preserved Jervois @-@ Scratchley designed fort in Australia . It is the only Australian colonial fort to still have all of its original armament , and the only to have a regular living history program . Its companion Fort Largs does survive but in greatly modified condition , converted for use as the South Australia Police academy . The fort retains its original armament ; armament that is both rare in Australia and worldwide . 
 The conservation park is in the suburb of Semaphore Park at the southern end of the Lefevre Peninsula . It covers approximately 5 hectares ( 12 acres ) and is bounded by Bower and Military roads , the Point Malcolm Reserve and Semaphore beach . The land is entirely crown land and is administered by the DEWNR . It is divided into roughly two halves with the northern containing the fort and the southern half containing a caravan park . While it is managed by the DEWNR , the Fort Glanville Consultative Committee and Fort Glanville Historical Association are heavily involved . The committee is appointed by the Minister for Environment and Planning and acts to advise the Minister and liaise with the community . As of 1988 , the fort hosted approximately 7 @,@ 000 visitors annually , and is used as an event venue including the annual City of Charles Sturt citizenship ceremony . 
 The historical association is an incorporated body of volunteers who use the fort under licence from the Minister . The association operate the fort and visitor centre , holding monthly public open days at which the history of the fort is recreated ; this includes drill demonstrations and firing of the fort 's weapons . The association maintain static displays of the fort 's active period and sell souvenirs . The association 's goal is to have the site open as a fully operational fort for interpretation , tourism and education . The volunteers are involved with recreation , living history and ceremonial work outside the fort . They act as guards of honour at some Government House functions and attended the restoration opening of the Albany , Western Australia fort , and the annual re @-@ enactment of the Battle of Waterloo in Keyneton , Victoria . The fort has living history displays , including the barracks laid out and furnished in period detail . The visitor centre has displays showing the development of South Australia 's colonial defence from 1836 and artifacts found on site during restorations . 
 Connecting the fort to Semaphore jetty is the Semaphore and Fort Glanville Tourist Railway , a 457 mm ( 18 @.@ 0 in ) gauge steam train operated by volunteers from the National Railway Museum . The railway opened in December 1992 and , as of 2002 , carried over 16 @,@ 000 passengers annually . 
 
 
 = Royal prerogative in the United Kingdom = 
 
 The royal prerogative is a body of customary authority , privilege , and immunity , recognised in the United Kingdom as the sole prerogative of the Sovereign and the source of many of the executive powers of the British government . 
 Prerogative powers were formerly exercised by the monarch acting on his or her own initiative . Since the 19th century , by convention , the advice of the prime minister or the cabinet — who are then accountable to Parliament for the decision — has been required in order for the prerogative to be exercised . The monarch remains constitutionally empowered to exercise the royal prerogative against the advice of the prime minister or the cabinet , but in practice would only do so in emergencies or where existing precedent does not adequately apply to the circumstances in question . 
 Today the royal prerogative is available in the conduct of the government of the United Kingdom , including foreign affairs , defence , and national security . The monarchy has a significant constitutional presence in these and other matters , but limited power , because the exercise of the prerogative is in the hands of the prime minister and other ministers or other government officials . 
 
 = = Definition = = 
 
 The royal prerogative has been called " a notoriously difficult concept to define adequately " , but whether a particular type of prerogative power exists is a matter of common law to be decided by the courts as the final arbiter . A prominent constitutional theorist , A. V. Dicey , proposed in the nineteenth century that : 
 The prerogative appears to be historically and as a matter of fact nothing else than the residue of discretionary or arbitrary authority which at any given time is legally left in the hands of the crown . The prerogative is the name of the remaining portion of the Crown 's original authority ... Every act which the executive government can lawfully do without the authority of an Act of Parliament is done in virtue of the prerogative . 
 While many commentators follow the Diceyan view , there are constitutional lawyers who prefer the definition given by William Blackstone in the 1760s : 
 By the word prerogative we usually understand that special pre @-@ eminence which the King hath , over and above all other persons , and out of the ordinary course of common law , in right of his regal dignity ... it can only be applied to those rights and capacities which the King enjoys alone , in contradiction to others , and not to those which he enjoys in common with any of his subjects . 
 Dicey 's opinion that any action of governance by the monarch beyond statute is under the prerogative diverges from Blackstone 's that the prerogative simply covers those actions that no other person or body in the United Kingdom can undertake , such as the dissolution of Parliament . Case law exists to support both views . Blackstone ’ s notion of the prerogative being the powers of an exclusive nature was favoured by Lord Parmoor in the De Keyser ’ s Royal Hotel case of 1920 , but some difficulty with it was expressed by Lord Reid in the Burmah Oil case of 1965 . A clear distinction has not been necessary in the relevant cases , and the courts may never need to settle the question as few cases deal directly with the prerogative itself . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The royal prerogative originated as the personal power of the monarch . From the 13th century in England , as in France , the monarch was all @-@ powerful , but this absolute power was checked by " the recrudescence of feudal turbulence in the fourteenth and fifteenth centuries " . An early attempt to define the royal prerogative was stated by Richard II 's judges in 1387 . 
 During the 16th century , this " turbulence " began to recede , and the monarch became truly independent . Under Henry VIII and his successors , the king was the head of the Protestant English church , and therefore not answerable to the clergy . The rise of Parliament in this period , however , was problematic . While the monarch was " the predominant partner in the English constitution " , the courts stopped short of declaring him all @-@ powerful , recognizing the role that Parliament played . In Ferrer 's Case , Henry recognised this , noting that he was far more powerful with the consent of Parliament than without . Nowhere was this more apparent than in the matter of taxation : Sir Thomas Smith and other writers of the period pointed out the monarch could not impose taxation without Parliament 's consent . 
 At the same time , Henry and his descendants normally followed the will of the courts , despite the fact they were theoretically not bound by judges . William Holdsworth infers that by regularly asking the legal officers of the crown and judiciary for legal advice and consent , Henry recognised the need for a stable government to follow the law . He also contends that the view that the law is supreme over all " was the view of all the leading lawyers and statesmen and publicists of the Tudor period " . It was accepted that while the King had " unfettered discretion " , he was limited in areas where the courts had imposed conditions on the use of the prerogative , or where he had chosen to do so . 
 The first dent in this stability came about in 1607 , with the Case of Prohibitions . James VI and I claimed that as monarch , he had a divine right to sit as a judge and interpret the common law as he saw fit . Led by Sir Edward Coke , the judiciary rejected this idea , stating that while the monarch was not subject to any individual , he was subject to the law . Until he had gained sufficient knowledge of the law , he had no right to interpret it ; Coke pointed out that such knowledge " demanded mastery of an artificial reason ... which requires long study and experience , before that a man can attain to the cognizance of it " . Similarly , in the Case of Proclamations in 1611 , Coke held that the monarch could only exercise those prerogatives he already had , and not create new ones . 
 With the Glorious Revolution , King James VII and II was replaced by Queen Mary II and her husband King William III . At the same time the Bill of Rights 1689 was drafted , which cemented the monarch 's subservience to Parliament . It specifically limited the royal prerogative , with Article 1 holding that the " power of suspending the laws or the execution of laws by regal authority without consent of Parliament is illegal " , and article 4 confirming that " levying money for or to the use of the Crown by pretence of prerogative , without grant of Parliament , for longer time , or in other manner than the same is or shall be granted , is illegal " . The Bill also confirmed that Parliament had the right to limit the use of remaining prerogatives , as evidenced by the Triennial Act 1694 , which required the monarch to dismiss and call Parliament at certain times . 
 
 = = Prerogative powers = = 
 
 
 = = = Legislature = = = 
 
 One of the monarch 's historic prerogatives was the dissolution of Parliament , which was " perhaps the most important residual prerogative exercised personally by the sovereign , and represents the greatest potential for controversy . " This prerogative was normally exercised at the request of Parliament and the prime minister , either at his or her discretion or following a motion of no confidence . Constitutional theorists have had differing views as to whether a unilateral dissolution of Parliament would be possible today ; Sir Ivor Jennings wrote that a dissolution involves " the acquiescence of ministers " , and as such the monarch could not dissolve Parliament without ministerial consent ; " if ministers refuse to give such advice , she can do no more than dismiss them " . A. V. Dicey , however , believed that in certain extreme circumstances the monarch could dissolve Parliament single @-@ handedly , on the condition that " an occasion has arisen on which there is fair reason to suppose that the opinion of the House is not the opinion of the electors ... A dissolution is allowable , or necessary , whenever the wishes of the legislature are , or may fairly be presumed to be , different from the wishes of the nation . " 
 The monarch could force the dissolution of Parliament through a refusal of royal assent ; this would inevitably lead to a government resigning . By convention , the monarch always assents to bills ; the last time the royal assent was not given was in 1704 during the reign of Queen Anne . This does not mean that the right to refuse has died : George V believed he could veto the Third Irish Home Rule Bill ; Jennings writes that " it was assumed by the King throughout that he had not only the legal power but the constitutional right to refuse assent " . The royal prerogative to dissolve Parliament was abrogated by the Fixed @-@ term Parliaments Act 2011 . Section 6 ( 1 ) of the Act however specifically states that the monarch 's power to prorogue Parliament is not affected by the Act . 
 The appointment of the prime minister is also , theoretically , governed by the royal prerogative . Technically the monarch may appoint as prime minister anyone she wants to appoint , but in practice the appointee is always the person who commands a majority in the House of Commons . Usually , this is the leader of the political party that is returned to Parliament with a majority of seats after a general election . Difficulties may result with a so @-@ called hung parliament , in which no party commands majority support , as last occurred in 2010 . In this situation , constitutional convention is that the previous incumbent has the first right to form a coalition government and seek appointment . If the prime minister decides to retire in the middle of a parliamentary session , as Anthony Eden did in 1957 , the monarch has no discretion . There is usually a " prime minister @-@ in @-@ waiting " who commands the support of the majority of the Commons ; he or she will near @-@ automatically be appointed . 
 
 = = = Judicial system = = = 
 
 The most noted prerogative power that affects the judicial system is the prerogative of mercy , which has two elements : the granting of pardons and the granting of nolle prosequi . Pardons may eliminate the " pains , penalties and punishments " from a criminal conviction , though they do not remove convictions themselves . This power is commonly exercised on the advice of the Secretary of State for the Home Department ; the monarch has no direct involvement in its use . Exercises of this power may also take the form of commutations , a limited form of pardon where the sentences is reduced , on certain conditions . The granting of a pardon is not subject to judicial review , as confirmed by Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the Civil Service , but the courts have chosen to criticise its application or lack thereof , as in R v Secretary of State for the Home Department , ex parte Bentley . Granting nolle prosequi is done by the Attorney General of England and Wales ( or the equivalent in Scotland or Northern Ireland ) in the name of the crown , to stop legal proceedings against an individual . This is not reviewable by the courts , as confirmed by R v Comptroller of Patents , and does not count as an acquittal ; the defendant may be brought before the courts on the same charge at a later date . 
 
 = = = Foreign affairs = = = 
 
 The royal prerogative is in much use in the realm of foreign affairs . It is the monarch who recognises foreign states ( although several statutes regulate the immunities enjoyed by their heads and diplomatic representatives ) , issues declarations of war and peace , and forms international treaties . The monarch also has the power to annex territory , as was done in 1955 with the island of Rockall . Once territory has been annexed , the monarch has complete discretion as to the extent to which the government will take over the former government 's liabilities ; this was confirmed in West Rand Central Gold Mining Company v The King . The monarch also has the power to alter British territorial waters and cede territory . Her freedom to do these things in practice is doubtful , in that they might deprive British citizens of their nationality and rights . When the island of Heligoland was ceded to Germany in 1890 , Parliamentary approval was first sought . The monarch can also regulate colonies and dependent territories by exercising the prerogative through Orders in Council . The courts have long fought against the monarch 's use of this power : in R ( Bancoult ) v Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs ( No 2 ) , the Court of Appeal ruled that using Orders @-@ in @-@ Council to frustrate judicial rulings was an unlawful abuse of power , although this ruling was later overturned . 
 British passports are also issued under the prerogative , though these are also covered by statute law . Under the common law , citizens have the right freely to leave and enter the United Kingdom . In R v Foreign Secretary ex parte Everett , the courts held that it was their right to review the granting of passports to , and the withholding of passports from , British citizens . The writ of ne exeat regno is also used to prevent a person leaving the country . The right to make treaties is a disputed prerogative power : under Blackstone 's definition , a prerogative power must be one unique to the monarch . 
 
 = = = Other prerogative powers = = = 
 
 The monarch also has power to exercise her prerogative over the granting of honours , the regulation of the armed forces and ecclesiastical appointments . Although the granting of most honours is normally decided by the executive , the monarch is still the person who technically awards them . Exceptions to this rule are membership of the Order of the Garter , the Order of the Thistle , the Order of Merit , the Royal Victorian Order and the Royal Victorian Chain , which the monarch has complete discretion to grant . In relation to the armed forces , the monarch is the Commander in Chief , and members are regulated under the royal prerogative . Most statutes do not apply to the armed forces , although some areas , such as military discipline , are governed by Acts of Parliament . Under the Crown Proceedings Act 1947 , the monarch is the sole authority for the armed forces , and as such their organisation , disposition and control cannot be questioned by the courts . This exercise of prerogative power gives the Crown authority to recruit members of the armed forces , appoint commissioned officers , and establish agreements with foreign governments to station troops in their territory . The prerogative empowers the monarch to appoint bishops and archbishops in the Church of England , and to regulate the printing and licensing of the authorised Church of England version of the Bible . 
 R v Secretary of State for the Home Department , ex parte Northumbria Police Authority , recognised that the prerogative also includes the power to " take all reasonable steps to preserve the Queen 's peace " , and in Burmah Oil Co. v Lord Advocate , the House of Lords took the view that it extended to " doing all those things in an emergency which are necessary for the conduct of [ the Second World War ] . " 
 
 = = Use = = 
 
 Today , the monarch exercises the prerogative almost exclusively in line with the advice of her government . Leyland notes that : 
 The present Queen ... is kept very closely in touch with the exercise of governmental power by means of a weekly audience with the prime minister during which she is fully briefed about the affairs of government ... [ But it ] should be emphasised that the prime minister is not under any obligation to take account of royal opinions . 
 In simple terms , the prerogative is used to govern the realm in the name of the Crown ; although the monarch has the " right to be consulted , the right to encourage , and the right to warn " , her role involves no exercise of discretion . 
 Today , some prerogative powers are directly exercised by ministers without the approval of Parliament , including the powers of declaring war and of making peace , the issue of passports , and the granting of honours . Prerogative powers are exercised nominally by the monarch , but on the advice of the prime minister ( whom the monarch meets weekly ) and of the cabinet . Some key functions of the British government are still executed by virtue of the royal prerogative , but generally the usage of the prerogative has been diminishing as functions are progressively put on a statutory basis . 
 
 = = = Limitations = = = 
 
 Several influential decisions of the House of Lords have determined the limited scope for the use of prerogative powers . In 1915 , an appeal was made to the House of Lords , Re Petition of Right ( ' Shoreham Aerodrome Case ' ) , but during the appeal the case was settled and the appeal withdrawn when the Crown agreed to pay compensation . The appeal was from a unanimous decision of the Court of Appeal that the Crown , both under the statutory Defence of the Realm Regulations and by the royal prerogative , was entitled to take and occupy , for military purposes in wartime , a commercial airfield on the south coast . The government argued that this action was to defend against an invasion ; the courts held that for the prerogative to be exercised , the government must demonstrate that a threat of invasion exists . This was backed up by The Zamora ( 1916 ) , where the Privy Council , on appeal from the Prize Court , held generally that to exercise a power not granted by statute ( such as a prerogative power ) the government must prove to the court that the exercise is justified . The next decision came in Attorney General v De Keyser 's Royal Hotel Ltd ( 1920 ) , where the House of Lords confirmed that a statutory provision in an area where prerogative powers are in use " abridges the Royal Prerogative while it is in force to this extent – that the Crown can only do the particular thing under and in accordance with the statutory provisions , and that its prerogative power to do that thing is in abeyance " . 
 This principle of statutory superiority was extended in Laker Airway Ltd v Department of Trade , concerning the revocation of a commercial airline operator 's licence ( December 1976 ) , where it was confirmed that prerogative powers could not be used to contradict a statutory provision , and that in situations to which the power and the statute both applied , the power could only be used to further the aim of the statute . Another extension came with R v Secretary of State for the Home Department , ex parte Fire Brigades Union , where the Court of Appeal held that even if a statute had not yet come into force , the prerogative could not be used to alter this statute to " conflict with Parliament 's wishes " . 
 
 = = = Judicial review = = = 
 
 Before the modern judicial review procedure superseded the petition of right as the remedy for challenging the validity of a prerogative power , the courts were traditionally only willing to state whether or not powers existed , not whether they had been used appropriately . They therefore applied only the first of the Wednesbury tests : whether the use was illegal . Constitutional scholars such as William Blackstone consider this appropriate : 
 In the exertion therefore of those prerogatives , which the law has given him , the King is irresistible and absolute , according to the forms of the constitution . And yet if the consequence of that exertion be manifestly to the grievance or dishonour of the kingdom , the Parliament will call his advisers to a just and severe account . 
 During the 1960s and 70s this attitude was changing , with Lord Denning saying in the Laker Airway case that " seeing that the prerogative is a discretionary power to be exercised for the public good , it follows that its exercise can be examined by the courts just as any other discretionary power which is vested in the executive . " The most authoritative case on the matter is Council of Civil Service Unions v Minister for the Civil Service , generally known as the GCHQ case . The House of Lords confirmed that the application of judicial review would be dependent on the nature of the government 's powers , not their source . Foreign policy and national security powers are considered outside the scope of judicial review , while the prerogative of mercy is considered within it , as per R v Secretary of State for the Home Department , ex parte Bentley . 
 
 = = Reform = = 
 
 Abolition of the royal prerogative is not on the immediate horizon , and recent movements to abolish the role of the monarchy and its royal prerogative in government have been unsuccessful . The Ministry of Justice undertook a " review of executive Royal Prerogative powers " in October 2009 . Former Labour MP and cabinet minister Tony Benn campaigned unsuccessfully for the abolition of the royal prerogative in the United Kingdom in the 1990s , arguing that all governmental powers in effect exercised on the advice of the prime minister and cabinet should be subject to parliamentary scrutiny and require parliamentary approval . Later governments argued that such is the breadth of topics covered by the royal prerogative that requiring parliamentary approval in each instance where the prerogative is currently used would overwhelm parliamentary time and slow the enactment of legislation . 
 
 
 = Mount Jackson ( Antarctica ) = 
 
 Mount Jackson ( Mount Andrew Jackson and Mount Ernest Gruening ) is a mountain that dominates the upland of the southern part of the Antarctic Peninsula . It is located in Palmer Land , within the Antarctic claims of Argentina , Chile and the United Kingdom . With an elevation of 3 @,@ 184 metres ( 10 @,@ 446 ft ) , Mount Jackson is the highest mountain in the Antarctic Peninsula and the British Antarctic Territory . Discovered by members of the United States Antarctic Service , 1939 – 41 , it was named for Andrew Jackson , the seventh President of the United States . The first ascent of Mount Jackson was made by a team led by John Crabbe Cunningham of the British Antarctic Survey ( BAS ) in 1964 . Mount Jackson 's geology was studied in 1972 as part of the Palmer Island investigations by a team of geologists . 
 Mount Jackson and the Welch Mountains demarcate the central Black Coast , which is dissected by many inlets and is bounded on the west by Dyer Plateau of central Palmer Land . The two mountains rise above the ice shelf with reliefs of about 1 @,@ 200 – 1 @,@ 500 metres ( 3 @,@ 900 – 4 @,@ 900 ft ) towards the east . They are interconnected by icefall zones forming a plateau with steep snow slopes . Mount Jackson rises from its southeast flanks , displaying a steeple summit , while the north flank is occupied by a vast cirque . Supraglacial moraines on the mountain 's east side measure between 1 – 5 kilometres ( 0 @.@ 62 – 3 @.@ 11 mi ) in length and display boulders at their distal ends . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The first topographic mapping of Mount Jackson was carried out in November 1940 by a sledge party of the United States Antarctic Service ( USAS ) . The ground survey was facilitated by aerial photographs and aerial observations . The height was estimated at 4 @,@ 200 metres ( 13 @,@ 800 ft ) , and the mountain was named Mount Ernest Gruening after the Governor of the Alaska Territory at that time , Ernest Gruening . USAS later renamed it Mount Jackson for the seventh President of the United States . President Jackson signed the bill into law authorizing the United States Exploring Expedition of 1838 – 42 . The expedition , led by Lt. Charles Wilkes , included exploration and surveying of the Pacific Ocean and surrounding lands , including Antarctica . 
 In November 1947 , a Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey ( FIDS ) ground party based at Stonington Island observed Mount Jackson and estimated its height at 3 @,@ 050 metres ( 10 @,@ 010 ft ) , considerably lower and more accurate than the first estimate in 1940 . 
 After the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey was renamed British Antarctic Survey in 1962 , a series of depots were developed , including one at Mount Jackson . BAS members were successful in making many first ascents of the mountains of the Antarctic Peninsula , and John Cunningham , who served at the BAS base at Adelaide Island , was the first to climb Mount Jackson . Traveling by dog sled for 640 kilometres ( 400 mi ) , his team reached the summit on 23 November 1964 . 
 A precise height of the summit was determined by a BAS survey party who ascended the peak during the austral summer of 1996 – 97 . 
 
 = = Geography = = 
 
 The mountain is 3 @,@ 184 metres ( 10 @,@ 446 ft ) in height , with a prominence of 2 @,@ 187 metres ( 7 @,@ 175 ft ) and a saddle DEM of 997 metres ( 3 @,@ 271 ft ) . Mount Jackson and the Welch Mountains demarcate the central Black Coast , which is dissected by many inlets and is bounded on the west by Dyer Plateau of central Palmer Land , with elevation ranging between 2 @,@ 000 – 3 @,@ 000 metres ( 6 @,@ 600 – 9 @,@ 800 ft ) , and on the west side of the central Black Coast . The two mountains rise above the ice shelf with reliefs of about 1 @,@ 200 – 1 @,@ 500 metres ( 3 @,@ 900 – 4 @,@ 900 ft ) towards the east . They are interconnected by icefall zones forming a plateau with steep snow slopes . The northern part of the mountain system , which extends over 1 @,@ 590 kilometres ( 990 mi ) , covers most of the Antarctic Peninsula , and Mount Jackson is its highest peak . 
 Mount Jackson rises from its southeast flanks , displaying a steeple summit , while the north flank is occupied by a vast cirque . Supraglacial moraines on the mountain 's east side measure between 1 – 5 kilometres ( 0 @.@ 62 – 3 @.@ 11 mi ) in length and display boulders at their distal ends . Mount Jackson and the Rowley Massif are separated by Odom Inlet . Cline Glacier drains eastern Mount Jackson before arriving at Odom Inlet . 
 Mount Jackson 's geology was studied in 1972 as part of the Palmer Island investigations by a team of geologists . They identified various rock types and underlying volcanic activity . The relief of the west facing slopes is gentler when compared to the eastern side , characterized by a steep rocky face . Rock weathering is intense in the area spread with scree and felsenmeer . Fresh rock formations and bedrock disintegration are noted . 
 
 
 = Italian cruiser Aretusa = 
 
 Aretusa was a torpedo cruiser of the Partenope class built for the Italian Regia Marina ( Royal Navy ) in the 1880s . Laid down in June 1889 at the Cantiere navale fratelli Orlando shipyard , she was launched in March 1891 and was commissioned in September 1892 . Her main armament were her six torpedo tubes , which were supported by a battery of ten small @-@ caliber guns . Aretusa spent most of her career in the main Italian fleet , where she was primarily occupied with training exercises . At the start of the Italo @-@ Turkish War in September 1911 , she was assigned to the Red Sea Squadron in Italian Eritrea . She bombarded Ottoman positions in the Arabian Peninsula and took part in a blockade of the coast . Worn out by the end of the war in October 1912 , Aretusa was sold for scrap that December and broken up . 
 
 = = Design = = 
 
 Aretusa was 73 @.@ 1 meters ( 239 ft 10 in ) long overall and had a beam of 8 @.@ 22 m ( 27 ft 0 in ) and an average draft of 3 @.@ 48 m ( 11 ft 5 in ) . She displaced 833 metric tons ( 820 long tons ; 918 short tons ) normally . Her propulsion system consisted of a pair of horizontal triple @-@ expansion steam engines , each driving a single screw propeller , with steam supplied by four coal @-@ fired locomotive boilers . Specific figures for Aretusa 's engine performance have not survived , but the ships of her class had top speeds of 18 @.@ 1 to 20 @.@ 8 knots ( 33 @.@ 5 to 38 @.@ 5 km / h ; 20 @.@ 8 to 23 @.@ 9 mph ) at 3 @,@ 884 to 4 @,@ 422 indicated horsepower ( 2 @,@ 896 to 3 @,@ 297 kW ) . The ship had a cruising radius of about 1 @,@ 800 nautical miles ( 3 @,@ 300 km ; 2 @,@ 100 mi ) at a speed of 10 knots ( 19 km / h ; 12 mph ) . She had a crew of between 96 and 121 . 
 Aretusa was armed with a main battery of one 120 mm ( 4 @.@ 7 in ) / 40 gun and six 57 mm ( 2 @.@ 2 in ) / 43 guns mounted singly.α She was also equipped with three 37 mm ( 1 @.@ 5 in ) / 20 guns in single mounts . Her primary offensive weapon was her five 450 mm ( 17 @.@ 7 in ) torpedo tubes . The ship was protected by an armored deck that was up to 1 @.@ 6 in ( 41 mm ) thick ; her conning tower was armored with the same thickness of steel plate . 
 
 = = Service history = = 
 
 Aretusa was laid down at the Cantiere navale fratelli Orlando ( Orlando Brothers ' Shipyard ) in Livorno on 1 June 1889 , and was launched on 14 March 1891 . After fitting @-@ out work was completed , the ship was commissioned into the fleet on 1 September 1892 . During the 1893 fleet maneuvers , Aretusa served with the 3rd Division of the Reserve Squadron , along with the protected cruisers Vesuvio and Ettore Fieramosca and four torpedo boats . During the maneuvers , which lasted from 6 August to 5 September , the ships of the Reserve Squadron defended against a simulated attack by the Active Squadron , which gamed a French attack on the Italian fleet . In 1895 , Aretusa was stationed in the 2nd Maritime Department , split between Taranto and Naples , along with most of the torpedo cruisers in the Italian fleet . These included her sister ships Partenope , Minerva , Euridice , Iride , Urania , and Caprera , the four Goito @-@ class cruisers , and Tripoli . As of 1898 , Aretusa was assigned to the Active Squadron , with included the ironclads Sicilia and Sardegna and two other cruisers . 
 At the start of the Italo @-@ Turkish War in September 1911 , Aretusa was stationed in Italian Eritrea in the Red Sea Squadron . Italian naval forces in the region also included five protected cruisers and several smaller vessels . Shortly after the start of the war on 2 October , Aretusa and the gunboat Volturno encountered the Ottoman torpedo cruiser Peyk @-@ i Şevket off Al Hudaydah . In a short engagement , the Italians vessels forced the Ottoman ship to flee into Al Hudaydah , bombarded the port facilities , and then withdrew . Peyk @-@ i Şevket was later interned in British @-@ controlled Suez The threat of an Ottoman attack from the Arabian Peninsula led the Italian High Command to reinforce the Red Sea Squadron ; the additional ships included another cruiser and several destroyers . The protected cruiser Piemonte and two destroyers annihilated a force of seven Ottoman gunboats in the Battle of Kunfuda Bay on 7 January 1912 . 
 Following the neutralization of Ottoman naval forces in the region , Aretusa and the rest of the Italian ships then commenced a bombardment campaign against the Turkish ports in the Red Sea before declaring a blockade of the city of Al Hudaydah on 26 January . On 27 July and 12 August , Aretusa , her sister ship Caprera , and Piemonte conducted two bombardments of Al Hudaydah . During the second attack , they destroyed an Ottoman ammunition dump . With the threat of an Ottoman attack greatly reduced , the High Command thereafter began to withdraw forces from the Red Sea Squadron . By the end of August , the unit was reduced to three protected cruisers , Aretusa , Caprera and two auxiliaries . On 14 October , the Ottoman government agreed to sign a peace treaty , ending the war . Aretusa 's career ended shortly thereafter ; the Regia Marina discarded the ship in December and she was subsequently broken up for scrap . 
 
 
 = M @-@ 6 ( Michigan highway ) = 
 
 M @-@ 6 , or the Paul B. Henry Freeway , is a 19 @.@ 696 @-@ mile ( 31 @.@ 698 km ) freeway and state trunkline highway in the United States that serves portions of southern Kent and eastern Ottawa counties south of Grand Rapids , Michigan . Although the freeway is named for Paul B. Henry , local residents and the press continue to use the original name , South Beltline as well on occasion . The freeway connects Interstate 196 ( I @-@ 196 ) on the west with I @-@ 96 on the east . M @-@ 6 also provides a connection to U.S. Highway 131 ( US 131 ) in the middle of its corridor while running through several townships on the south side of the Grand Rapids metropolitan area in Western Michigan . Each end is in a rural area while the central section has suburban development along the trunkline . 
 The freeway was originally conceived in the 1960s . It took 32 years to approve , plan , finance , and build the freeway from the time that the state first authorized funding in 1972 to the time of the ribbon @-@ cutting ceremony in 2004 that opened the South Beltline to traffic . The project cost around $ 700 million or around $ 35 million per mile ( approximately $ 22 million per kilometer ) . Initial construction started in November 1997 , with the first phase opened in November 2001 . The full freeway was opened in November 2004 . The first phase of construction was completed in asphalt , while the second and third phases were built in concrete . The project was built with two firsts : the first single @-@ point urban interchange ( SPUI ; / ˈspuːiː / ) in Michigan , and a new technique to apply the pavement markings , embedding them into the concrete to reduce the chance of a snowplow scraping them off . In advance of the opening of the freeway to traffic , the Michigan Department of Transportation ( MDOT ) allowed the public to walk or bike the South Beltline in an open @-@ house event called the " Southbelt Shuffle " . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 M @-@ 6 starts at exit 64 on I @-@ 196 in Ottawa County near Hudsonville . The freeway runs southeast from the interchange through the rural Georgetown and Jamestown townships toward the county line . Through this area , MDOT traffic surveys measured a traffic count of 27 @,@ 117 vehicles on average per day , the lowest along the freeway , in 2010 . At Kenowa Avenue , the South Beltline crosses into Byron Township in Kent County . The freeway corridor is bounded on each side by farmland , scattered subdivisions , and small pockets of woodland . Near the Wilson Avenue interchange , M @-@ 6 curves to the northeast around the edge of the Ironwood Golf Course and heads for the interchange with Byron Center Avenue . On either side of the freeway at Byron Center Avenue , there are two hospitals , Metro Health and St. Mary 's Southwest , the former located on the very southern edge of the city of Wyoming . Continuing east , the beltline curves to the southeast and into the cloverleaf interchange complex at US 131 . This " mammoth " interchange stretches over a half mile ( 0 @.@ 8 km ) in one direction and over a mile ( 1 @.@ 6 km ) in the other , encompassing 27 bridges and 18 retaining walls . This makes it the largest freeway interchange in Western Michigan . There are four overpasses which carry M @-@ 6 over the US 131 freeway : two for the main carriageways in each direction and two for the collector @-@ distributor lanes on each side . The auxiliary lanes funnel the traffic using the interchange off the main carriageways to eliminate conflicts between merging streams of traffic . In the eastbound direction , the collector @-@ distributor lane also has access to a ramp for traffic bound for 68th Street , which runs parallel to , and south of , the M @-@ 6 freeway . No such access to 68th Street is provided for westbound M @-@ 6 traffic , although 68th Street traffic can access each direction of M @-@ 6 or US 131 . 
 East of US 131 , M @-@ 6 crosses over Division Avenue and enters Gaines Township through a series of sound barrier walls as the freeway ramps merge back into the main lanes . This area had the highest traffic counts in 2011 at 55 @,@ 236 vehicles per day . Near Kalamazoo Avenue , the freeway passes through an area with retail businesses and movie theaters on each side of the interchange ; to the northeast is East Kentwood High School . On the approach to the East Paris Avenue underpass , M @-@ 6 curves first to the northeast and then back to the southeast , passing near one of Steelcase 's office buildings , the pyramid @-@ shaped Corporate Development Center . The freeway begins to curve to the northeast as it crosses into Caledonia Township , with an interchange for M @-@ 37 ( Broadmoor Avenue ) and an overpass for 60th Street . M @-@ 6 curves around the southeast side of the Gerald R. Ford International Airport in Cascade Township . As the South Beltline nears I @-@ 96 , it crosses 48th Street next to the Thornapple Pointe Golf Course . The carriageway splits into ramps for each direction of I @-@ 96 , the ramps to eastbound I @-@ 96 crossing over the Thornapple River in the process . This interchange marks the eastern terminus of the Paul B. Henry South Beltline Freeway . The entire length of the freeway is listed on the National Highway System , a system of roads important to the nation 's economy , defense and mobility . 
 The right @-@ of @-@ way along M @-@ 6 includes a 9 @-@ mile ( 14 km ) pedestrian path known as the Frederik Meijer Trail . Previously called the M @-@ 6 Trail , it links the Kent Trails west of Byron Center Avenue in Wyoming with the Paul Henry Rail Trail at 60th Street and Wing Avenue by Paris Park in Kentwood . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Earlier designations = = = 
 
 The first appearance of M @-@ 6 was in 1926 as a two @-@ mile ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) road in Keweenaw County in the Upper Peninsula . The highway ran from US 41 at Phoenix to north of Eagle River . The Michigan State Highway Department redesignated the highway as M @-@ 111 in 1938 , and it was redesignated two years later to become a part of the route of M @-@ 26 . 
 In the late 1970s , during the second phase of construction of the I @-@ 696 ( Walter P. Reuther Freeway ) in Metro Detroit , lobbying efforts and lawsuits attempted to block construction of the central section . If successful , the efforts would have left the freeway with a gap in the middle between the first ( western ) and second ( eastern ) phases of construction . During this time , MDOT assigned M @-@ 6 to the eastern section of the freeway under construction . Signs were erected along the service roads that followed 11 Mile Road to connect the already built stack interchange at I @-@ 75 east to I @-@ 94 . By the time the eastern freeway segment was completed in 1979 , the signage for M @-@ 6 was removed and replaced with I @-@ 696 signage , leaving an eight @-@ mile ( 13 km ) gap in the I @-@ 696 freeway until completion of the central section in 1989 . 
 
 = = = Current freeway = = = 
 
 
 = = = = Planning = = = = 
 
 The South Beltline Freeway near Grand Rapids was a project that took about 32 years to complete . The idea dates back to the 1940s , but serious proposals were not made until the 1960s . The 1955 planning map for the Grand Rapids area Interstate Highways included a freeway roughly along the M @-@ 6 corridor before I @-@ 96 and I @-@ 196 were shifted north and east to their current locations . An increase in the state gas tax was approved in 1972 with the goal to finance local road projects in the state , including the South Beltline . The project was anticipated to cost $ 30 – 100 million ( equivalent to $ 214 – 713 million in 2015 ) in June 1975 with an expected groundbreaking in 1982 – 85 . The highway was studied in January 1981 for $ 144 @,@ 000 ( equivalent to $ 575 @,@ 000 in 2015 ) . The choice of consultants on the project was controversial ; local planners felt that MDOT picked BKI Inc. only because they used a minority @-@ owned subcontractor and not because they would be qualified for the assignment . 
 As this study was initiated , the route for the proposed freeway was located between 60th and 68th streets with a western end in Hudsonville and an eastern end in Lowell Township . The consultants were asked to study a full freeway and a limited access boulevard design . One final option was a " no @-@ build " alternative ; under this option , existing roads would be upgraded but no new roads would be built . The City of Grand Rapids opposed the freeway while the suburbs and townships south and west of the city supported it . City officials were concerned about the impact to commercial and industrial business in Grand Rapids . Hudsonville 's city manager favored the proposal as a benefit to local vegetable producers who shipped produce to Detroit or Cleveland . Other supporters , such as the Georgetown Township supervisor , were concerned that delays in starting the project could increase costs . State and local officials expected the freeway in January 1981 to cost between $ 40 – 100 million ( equivalent to $ 160 – 400 million in 2015 ) . The road was to be started no sooner than 1990 . 
 The boundaries for the highway corridor were determined by the consultants in April 1982 , running between 60th and 84th streets , " dipping like a hammock beneath the cities of Kentwood and Wyoming " . The results of the study by BKI were criticized by local planners in May 1982 , who called the study " shabby and unprofessional work " , and asked the state to fire the consulting firm . Local residents distributed 2 @,@ 000 fliers to their neighbors in opposition to the freeway . The South Belt Local Advisory Board criticized BKI 's 110 @-@ page study report as " filled with errors " ; the consultants ' earlier 26 @-@ page paper had been rejected by the board and MDOT as " unusable " . An editorial in the The Grand Rapids Press stated that the study did not help advance the project in the area , instead opening the proposed freeway up to new controversies . Doubts about the state 's budget in 1982 to build the roadway combined with issues over the consultants and their study results . 
 A second citizens group , the South Belt Citizens Committee , was formed in July 1982 to gain additional public information on the project and supplement the work of the other groups , including the South Belt Local Advisory Board . BKI was fired as consultant on the project by MDOT on September 9 , 1982 . The switch to a new consultant delayed further study because of the timetable to take bids and interview the candidates . In the interim , work was shifted to local and state planners until a new consultant could be retained in an effort to minimize the delays involved . These local projects were focused on updating the information and maps from BKI 's study and refining the scope of the highway 's corridor . 
 Gaines , Cascade , and Caledonia townships and the city of Kentwood circulated a survey amongst their communities ' planning commissions and elected boards in 1982 . The survey showed an inconclusive preference for a limited @-@ access highway in what was termed a " gut level reaction " to the proposed roadway . The South Belt Citizens Committee actively started to oppose the roadway during the fall of 1982 , pressing local candidates for political office to take positions on the project . The group called the roadway a " holocaust " in its mailings to the candidates . Future Lieutenant Governor Dick Posthumus , then a member of the Michigan State Senate , called for an end to the studies in 1983 ; he would later reverse and become one of the project 's biggest supporters . 
 MDOT hired a new consultant , Schimpeler / Coradino Associates , in 1984 to study the proposed freeway . The consultant recommended the freeway in March 1985 . The South Beltline was included in the ten @-@ year highway plan in 1986 . By 1989 , the state wanted to set the route in 1991 with construction starting in 1993 . The freeway was studied as a possible toll road in June 1991 after three alternative routes were proposed the previous year . That September , the final route was set with a projected start date in 1997 . The toll road concept was revived in September 1995 to offset the failure of a proposed gas tax increase . As a cost @-@ saving measure , the number of interchanges was reduced to four from eight in June 1996 . When a gas tax increase was passed in 1997 , Governor John Engler promised at least seven access points for the freeway . The South Beltline was touted as " [ cutting ] travel time around Grand Rapids virtually in half " . 
 
 = = = = Phase I = = = = 
 
 Proposals for the South Beltline Freeway were nearly 25 years old by the time initial construction was started in 1997 . The Michigan State Legislature named the South Beltline around the same time for the Congressman Paul B. Henry , who died in office in 1993 , serving in Gerald Ford 's old US House seat . The cost of the construction of new roads like the South Beltline was a campaign issue when Engler ran for re @-@ election against Geoffrey Feiger in 1998 . The entire freeway was projected to open by 2008 , with the first phase opening in 2002 . MDOT gave the South Beltline its numerical designation on the July 1999 edition of the state map , marking M @-@ 6 for the first time as a dotted line , to denote it was " under construction " . The legislature approved Engler 's " Build Michigan III " program in 2000 ; the plan accelerated road projects in the state . The capital outlay for the year was $ 82 million ( equivalent to $ 132 million in 2015 ) . Condemnation proceedings were initiated in the Kent County Circuit Court in 1999 to clear the way for the acquisitions . Land that contained homes , farms , trailer parks , and businesses was purchased by MDOT to acquire the right @-@ of @-@ way needed for the freeway . The land needed measured 360 feet ( 110 m ) wide and 20 miles ( 32 km ) long . Land acquisitions for the South Beltline Freeway were completed in July 2001 . Construction started later in the fall of 2001 on the second and third phases of the project . 
 The first leg of the South Beltline Freeway , located between M @-@ 37 ( Broadmoor Avenue ) and I @-@ 96 , was finished six months early . Dry summer weather allowed the roadbed contractors to finish their portion of the five @-@ mile ( 8 @.@ 0 km ) section of the freeway early , earning them a $ 300 @,@ 000 bonus ( equivalent to $ 449 @,@ 000 in 2015 ) . The overpasses for the remaining sections of the freeway were completed while the first phase was under construction , leaving the interchanges at US 131 and I @-@ 196 and the connecting roadbed to be completed at that time . The first section was paved in asphalt after MDOT reversed the decision to pave the whole freeway in concrete . That stretch of freeway opened to traffic on November 20 , 2001 . The state kept the overall project in an accelerated status headed into the next phases in 2002 . 
 
 = = = = Phases II and III = = = = 
 
 Construction of the remaining phases between US 131 and M @-@ 37 and between I @-@ 196 and US 131 was started on April 1 , 2002 . Area roads that crossed the path of the new freeway were closed to traffic with posted detours so that work could begin on the roadbed for the freeway . The last major project for the freeway was to replace bridge beams in the overpasses from westbound I @-@ 196 to eastbound M @-@ 6 . Design flaws were found in 2002 in the size of the beams in the bridges over eastbound I @-@ 196 and the ramp from westbound M @-@ 6 to westbound I @-@ 196 . The replacement was originally supposed to close traffic along I @-@ 196 over a weekend in 2004 , but kept a lane closed for a full week , backing up traffic on the Interstate for two miles ( 3 @.@ 2 km ) ; completion of the work was delayed when human error caused a shortage of nuts and bolts . 
 MDOT hosted an open house along the unopened section of M @-@ 6 between Kalamazoo and Byron Center avenues . This event took place on October 2 , 2004 , and was billed as the " Southbelt Shuffle " , allowing the public to walk or bike along the freeway . The event was planned to draw attention to the M @-@ 6 Trail that runs parallel to the freeway . Some event participants brought their horses for the chance to ride on the freeway . The whole freeway was opened to traffic on November 17 , 2004 , after a ribbon cutting ceremony . When opened , reconstruction work was still being completed on overpass bridges at the I @-@ 196 interchange on the west end . The entire project cost $ 700 million ( equivalent to $ 933 million in 2015 ) to complete over the five @-@ year construction period , about $ 35 million / mi ( approximately $ 22 million / km , equivalent to $ 47 million / mi or $ 29 million / km in 2015 ) . When the freeway was opened , it was the first in the state of Michigan to use a SPUI located at the Kalamazoo Avenue exit . All of the bridges and sound barrier walls were painted sienna beige as part of a " color theme " to the freeway . MDOT also used a new technique to recess the pavement markings into the concrete , designed to reduce the likelihood that snowplows would scrape them off . The signs are in miles , but " the entire M @-@ 6 freeway was designed and constructed in metric " , according to MDOT manager Suzette Peplinski . The final ramps opened to traffic on December 9 , 2004 . 
 
 = = = = After construction = = = = 
 
 MDOT added the completed M @-@ 6 to the state maps in an updated printing in June 2005 . At the time , the various online mapping services still did not show a complete freeway in eastern Ottawa or southern Kent counties . Services such as Mapquest and Yahoo ! Maps rely on Tele Atlas out of New Hampshire for their mapping information , which , in turn , relies on agencies like MDOT to update their data . MDOT 's map update came out nearly eight months after the initial opening due to its inclusion in a large @-@ scale update to the state highway map . 
 A year after the freeway opened , traffic volumes along parallel roads like 44th , 56th and 68th streets dropped 40 – 50 % . At the same time , roads with interchanges along the freeway saw increased traffic . Wilson Avenue experienced a 120 % increase and sections of Byron Center Avenue jumped 100 % in traffic levels a month after M @-@ 6 opened . Property values in the townships surrounding the freeway increased 11 @.@ 3 – 12 @.@ 4 % by 2006 as a result of development attached to the freeway . Local officials credited the freeway for increased access to the area , driving housing starts as residents flocked to the communities for their schools and quality of life . In 2007 , the Metro Health Village , a commercial development centered around the Byron Center Avenue exit and the hospital opened . Described as being similar to a mall with the hospital as a tenant , the village features restaurants , shops , offices and a hotel . Metro Health relocated from Grand Rapids to the location in Wyoming in the face of opposition to planned expansions of their previous location . Since opening , even though the freeway was officially named for Paul Henry , the original South Beltline name is still in use . 
 Reactions to the new freeway were not all positive . In a special editorial in the The Grand Rapids Press after the freeway opened in 2004 , local resident Curt MacDougall summarized the criticisms of the new freeway . He cited the loss of rural farmland and wetlands as a negative effect of the highway . The editorial also discussed that the freeway does decrease travel times for some residents , but it will mean increased development . That development will mean further urban sprawl , and could spur the creation of additional highways in the area . 
 The M @-@ 6 Trail was constructed in a $ 3 @.@ 5 million project ( equivalent to $ 4 million in 2015 ) that started in 2008 . The goal was to create a 10 @-@ foot @-@ wide ( 3 @.@ 0 m ) path linking the Kent Trails with the Paul Henry Rail Trail . The M @-@ 6 Trail was the brainchild of Gaines Township Supervisor Don Hilton , Sr. He had pushed to have the path included in the original freeway construction and opened with the rest of the South Beltline . The trail project was funded by $ 2 @.@ 9 million ( equivalent to $ 3 @.@ 3 million in 2015 ) in federal grants and $ 300 @,@ 000 ( equivalent to $ 350 @,@ 000 in 2015 ) from the Frederik and Lena Meijer Foundation . The balance came from Kent County and the townships . Work on the trail was completed in November 2008 . 
 In 2009 , the asphalt section of M @-@ 6 had to be repaired . This section of roadway between East Paris Avenue and 48th Street was rated poorly by the Michigan Infrastructure and Transportation Association , while the concrete west of Broadmoor Avenue had favorable marks . MDOT budgeted $ 2 million in repairs on top of previous crack @-@ related fixes that were handled by the original pavement contractor under a warranty in 2006 . The local press described the 4 @.@ 7 @-@ mile ( 7 @.@ 6 km ) stretch of road as " troublesome " in relation to pavement quality issues . 
 Legislation was signed by Governor Rick Snyder on December 27 , 2014 , to name the section of M @-@ 6 between Byron Center and Kalamazoo avenues the David John Warsen Memorial Highway . Warsen , a US Navy SEAL , was killed in a helicopter accident in Afghanistan in 2012 . This section of the highway was dedicated on August 15 , 2015 . 
 
 = = Exit list = = 
 
 
 
 = Hi , Infidelity = 
 
 " Hi , Infidelity " is the sixth episode of the third season of the American mystery television series Veronica Mars , and the fiftieth episode overall . Written by John Enbom and directed by Michael Fields , the episode premiered on The CW on November 17 , 2006 . 
 The series depicts the adventures of Veronica Mars ( Kristen Bell ) as she deals with life as a college student while moonlighting as a private detective . In this episode , Veronica investigates an accusation that she plagiarized a criminology paper only to find out that her teacher is having an affair with Mindy O 'Dell ( Jamie Ray Newman ) . Meanwhile , Stosh " Piz " Piznarski ( Chris Lowell ) invites Veronica to go bowling , and Wallace Fennel ( Percy Daggs III ) must choose between basketball and his studies . 
 The episode features the return of Laura San Giacomo as Harmony Chase and the introduction of the recurring character of Max ( Adam Rose ) . San Giacomo and Colantoni , who had previously co @-@ starred on the sitcom Just Shoot Me ! , lobbied for more storylines together after rekindling their friendship during production of " Charlie Don 't Surf " , her first appearance . Rose 's character had been planned to begin a later romantic relationship with Mac since the writing of this episode and went on to fulfill this role in several future episodes . At the time of its initial broadcast , the episode was watched by 2 @.@ 75 million people and received mixed to positive reviews from television critics . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Following the events of the previous episode , Veronica confronts Claire Nordhouse ( Krista Kalmus ) for faking her rape after she publishes a story on it . Wallace Fennel and a lawyer are taken in to Dean O ’ Dell ’ s ( Ed Begley , Jr . ) office , where he is caught for cheating on a test . Veronica ’ s criminology paper is praised by her teacher , Hank ( Patrick Fabian ) leading her to praise him incessantly . Harmony Chase ( Laura San Giacomo ) , a former client who asked Keith Mars ( Enrico Colantoni ) to investigate her possibly adulterous husband , calls him and asks him on a date . Tim Foyle ( James Jordan ) , Hank 's teaching assistant , tells Veronica that she plagiarized her paper , even though she did not . Hank gives her three days to prove that she is innocent . Veronica learns that a student named Jeff Ratner accused her . Veronica goes to a computer student and ascertains the email address of the person who faked her paper . Stosh " Piz " Piznarski invites Veronica bowling , and she invites Parker ( Julie Gonzalo ) as well . 
 Veronica gets caught snooping in the Dean ’ s office , although she makes up a hasty lie that she was searching for class notes , and it diverts his attention . Wallace decides not to drop the class on whose test he cheated . Veronica proves that the essay hers was supposedly plagiarized from was posted after she turned in her paper ; nevertheless , she still wants to find who framed her . Parker Lee , Veronica , Piz , and Logan ( Jason Dohring ) bowl and have fun together . When Veronica and Logan get room service , Veronica spots Jeff Ratner and questions him . Parker is romantically interested in Piz , and she tasks Veronica with talking to him about her . After talking to Mercer Hayes ( Ryan Devlin ) , Parker informs Veronica that she remembers Mercer 's cologne from the night of her rape . Veronica goes to Sheriff Lamb ( Michael Muhney ) with this news ; Wallace drops basketball to study for the class . Veronica runs into Keith at the hotel before learning that the room that belongs to " Rory Finch " is actually Hank , who is having an affair with Mrs. O ’ Dell . 
 On their second date , Harmony suggests that they have sex , but Keith declines the proposal . On the way back , Keith ’ s becomes involved in a traffic collision , but the airbag catches him . This traumatic experience makes him go back to Harmony , and they sleep together . Veronica talks to Tim Foyle , who made her follow the trail of " Rory Finch " deliberately in order for her to discover the professor ’ s affair . Tim was the professor ’ s protégé , and he wants Veronica to discover Hank 's flaws before she becomes more involved with him . Logan runs up to Veronica and tells her that Mercer has been arrested for the rapes on campus , despite the fact that he believes that Mercer is innocent . Logan begs Veronica to defend Mercer , as he was with him the night of one of the rapes . However , he refuses to tell Veronica what they were doing . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 " Hi , Infidelity " was written by John Enbom and directed by Michael Fields , marking Enbom 's twelfth writing credit and Fields 's sixth directing credit for the series . The episode features the second of three appearances by Laura San Giacomo as Harmony Chase . She and Enrico Colantoni had become friends when they co @-@ starred on the sitcom Just Shoot Me ! . They rekindled their friendship during production of " Charlie Don 't Surf " , San Giacomo 's first appearance , so they lobbied for more storylines together . Thomas was open to the possibility , saying , " I wouldn 't hesitate to go back to this , because I was really happy with how it played out . " 
 Adam Rose made his first appearance in this episode as a suspect ; he would make appearances later in the season as well . From the very beginning of his appearances , Rose 's character , Max , was planned to begin a romantic relationship with Mac ( Tina Majorino ) . Rose was roommates with Michael Mitchell , who played Bronson , another love interest for Mac . When Rose received the call that he would have a romantic storyline with Mac , he reportedly stated , " but I thought that 's what my roommate was doing . " 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 
 = = = Ratings = = = 
 
 At the time of its initial broadcast , " Hi , Infidelity " was viewed by 2 @.@ 75 million people , ranking 94th out of 97 in the weekly rankings . 
 
 = = = Reviews = = = 
 
 Eric Goldman of IGN gave the episode a 7 @.@ 8 out of 10 , indicating that it was " good " , but his review was mixed . Comparing it with the rest of the season , he opined that it suffered from some of the same problems of previous episodes . He thought that the actions of many of the characters in " Hi , Infidelity " were out of character or unrealistic . While writing that " the rape storyline is still not feeling nearly as weighty as it should , " he praised the development of the rape mystery for hinting that there were larger forces at work . Price Peterson of TV.com gave a positive review , praising the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week 's emotional connection to Veronica for " [ raising ] the stakes " and Piz 's increased role . He also believed that all the series regulars , excluding Wallace , had an important and interesting role to play . Television Without Pity gave the episode an " A " , which is one of its highest ratings given for the season . 
 Alan Sepinwall praised the episode compared to the first few episodes of the season , writing it balanced Veronica 's character traits well , including her jealousy and generosity . He also wrote that it showed her as a character with some " baser instincts " , giving the scene with Jeff as an example . Rowan Kaiser , writing for The A.V. Club , gave a mixed review . The reviewer was very critical of what he called the " ' radical feminist fakes her own rape ' " storyline , but he praised the episode as the first one of the third season to make the college setting feel natural . Although he thought that the case @-@ of @-@ the @-@ week contributed to his overall positive view of the episode , he thought that " it 's mostly the little things that make it work " , pointing out Piz 's increased role as an example . 
 
 
 = Ceratopsia = 
 
 Ceratopsia or Ceratopia ( / ˌsɛrəˈtɒpsiə / or / ˌsɛrəˈtoʊpiə / ; Greek : " horned faces " ) is a group of herbivorous , beaked dinosaurs that thrived in what are now North America , Europe , and Asia , during the Cretaceous Period , although ancestral forms lived earlier , in the Jurassic . The earliest known ceratopsian , Yinlong downsi , lived between 161 @.@ 2 and 155 @.@ 7 million years ago . The last ceratopsian species , Triceratops prorsus , became extinct during the Cretaceous – Paleogene extinction event , 66 million years ago . 
 Early members of the ceratopsian group , such as Psittacosaurus , were small bipedal animals . Later members , including ceratopsids like Centrosaurus and Triceratops , became very large quadrupeds and developed elaborate facial horns and frills extending over the neck . While these frills might have served to protect the vulnerable neck from predators , they may also have been used for display , thermoregulation , the attachment of large neck and chewing muscles or some combination of the above . Ceratopsians ranged in size from 1 meter ( 3 ft ) and 23 kilograms ( 50 lb ) to over 9 meters ( 30 ft ) and 5 @,@ 400 kg ( 12 @,@ 000 lb ) . 
 Triceratops is by far the best @-@ known ceratopsian to the general public . It is traditional for ceratopsian genus names to end in " -ceratops " , although this is not always the case . One of the first named genera was Ceratops itself , which lent its name to the group , although it is considered a nomen dubium today as its fossil remains have no distinguishing characteristics that are not also found in other ceratopsians . 
 
 = = Anatomy = = 
 
 Ceratopsians are easily recognized by features of the skull . On the tip of a ceratopsian upper jaw is the rostral bone , an edentulous ( toothless ) ossification , unique to ceratopsians . Othniel Charles Marsh recognized and named this bone , which acts as a mirror image of the predentary bone on the lower jaw . This ossification evolved to morphologically aid the mastication of plant matter . Along with the predentary bone , which forms the tip of the lower jaw in all ornithischians , the rostral forms a superficially parrot @-@ like beak . Also , the jugal bones below the eye are very tall and flare out sideways , making the skull appear somewhat triangular when viewed from above . This triangular appearance is accentuated in later ceratopsians by the rearwards extension of the parietal and squamosal bones of the skull roof , to form the neck frill . 
 The epoccipital is a distinctive bones found lining the frills of ceratopsians . The name is a misnomer , as they are not associated with the occipital bone . Epoccipitals begin as separate bones that fuse during the animal 's growth to either the squamosal or parietal bones that make up the base of the frill . These bones were ornamental instead of functional , and may have helped differentiate species . Epoccipitals probably were present in all known ceratopsids with the possible exception of Zuniceratops . They appear to have been broadly different between short @-@ frilled ceratopsids ( centrosaurines ) and long @-@ frilled ceratopsids ( chasmosaurines ) , being elliptical with constricted bases in the former group , and triangular with wide bases in the latter group . Within these broad definitions , different species would have somewhat different shapes and numbers . In centrosaurines especially , like Centrosaurus , Pachyrhinosaurus , and Styracosaurus , these bones become long and spike- or hook @-@ like . A well @-@ known example is the coarse sawtooth fringe of broad triangular epoccipitals on the frill of Triceratops . When regarding the ossification 's morphogenetic traits , it can be described as dermal . The term epoccipital was coined by famous paleontologist Othniel Charles Marsh in 1889 . 
 
 = = History of study = = 
 
 The first ceratopsian remains known to science were discovered during the U.S. Geological and Geographical Survey of the Territories led by the American geologist F.V. Hayden . Teeth discovered during an 1855 expedition to Montana were first assigned to hadrosaurids and included within the genus Trachodon . It was not until the early 20th century that some of these were recognized as ceratopsian teeth . During another of Hayden 's expeditions in 1872 , Fielding Bradford Meek found several giant bones protruding from a hillside in southwestern Wyoming . He alerted paleontologist Edward Drinker Cope , who led a dig to recover the partial skeleton . Cope recognized the remains as a dinosaur , but noted that even though the fossil lacked a skull , it was different from any type of dinosaur then known . He named the new species Agathaumas sylvestris , meaning " marvellous forest @-@ dweller " . Soon after , Cope named two more dinosaurs that would eventually come to be recognized as ceratopsids : Polyonax and Monoclonius . Monoclonius was notable for the number of disassociated remains found , including the first evidence of ceratopsid horns and frills . Several Monoclonius fossils were found by Cope , assisted by Charles Hazelius Sternberg , in the summer of 1876 near the Judith River in Chouteau County , Montana . Since the ceratopsians had not been recognised yet as a distinctive group , Cope was uncertain about much of the fossil material , not recognizing the nasal horn core , nor the brow horns , as part of a fossil horn . The frill bone was interpreted as a part of the breastbone . 
 In 1888 and 1889 , Othniel Charles Marsh described the first well preserved horned dinosaurs , Ceratops and Triceratops . In 1890 Marsh classified them together in the family Ceratopsidae and the order Ceratopsia . This prompted Cope to reexamine his own specimens and to realized that Triceratops , Monoclonius , and Agathaumas all represented a single group of similar dinosaurs , which he named Agathaumidae in 1891 . Cope redescribed Monoclonius as a horned dinosaur , with a large nasal horn and two smaller horns over the eyes , and a large frill . 
 
 = = Classification = = 
 
 Ceratopsia was coined by Othniel Charles Marsh in 1890 to include dinosaurs possessing certain characteristic features , including horns , a rostral bone , teeth with two roots , fused neck vertebrae , and a forward @-@ oriented pubis . Marsh considered the group distinct enough to warrant its own suborder within Ornithischia . The name is derived from the Greek κερας / keras meaning ' horn ' and οψις / opsis meaning ' face ' . As early as the 1960s , it was noted that the name Ceratopsia is actually incorrect linguistically and that it should be Ceratopia . However , this spelling , while technically correct , has been used only rarely in the scientific literature , and the vast majority of paleontologists continue to use Ceratopsia . As the ICZN does not govern taxa above the level of superfamily , this is unlikely to change . 
 
 = = = Taxonomy = = = 
 
 Following Marsh , Ceratopsia has usually been classified as a suborder within the order Ornithischia . While ranked taxonomy has largely fallen out of favor among dinosaur paleontologists , some researchers have continued to employ such a classification , though sources have differed on what its rank should be . Most who still employ the use of ranks have retained its traditional ranking of suborder , though some have reduced to the level of infraorder . 
 This list of ceratopsian genera by classification and location follows a review by Thomas R. Holtz , Jr. in 2010 . 
 Ceratopsia 
 Albalophosaurus - ( Japan ) 
 Micropachycephalosaurus - ( Shandong , eastern China ) 
 Stenopelix - ( Germany ) 
 Yinlong - ( Xinjiang , western China ) 
 Family Chaoyangsauridae 
 Chaoyangsaurus - ( Liaoning , northeastern China ) 
 Xuanhuaceratops - ( Hebei , China ) 
 Family Psittacosauridae 
 Psittacosaurus - ( China & Mongolia ) 
 Neoceratopsia 
 Archaeoceratops - ( Gansu , northwestern China ) 
 Auroraceratops - ( Gansu , northwestern China ) 
 Helioceratops - ( Jilin , northwestern China ) 
 Koreaceratops - ( South Korea ) 
 Kulceratops - ( Uzbekistan ) 
 Liaoceratops - ( Liaoning , northeastern China ) 
 Microceratus - ( Mongolia ) 
 Mosaiceratops - ( central China ) 
 Yamaceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Family Leptoceratopsidae 
 Asiaceratops - ( China , Mongolia , Uzbekistan ) 
 Cerasinops - ( Montana , US ) 
 Gryphoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Ischioceratops - ( China ) 
 Leptoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & Wyoming , US ) 
 Montanoceratops - ( Montana , US ) 
 Prenoceratops - ( Montana , US ) 
 Udanoceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Unescoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Zhuchengceratops - ( Zhucheng , China ) 
 Family Bagaceratopidae 
 Ajkaceratops - ( Hungary ) 
 Bagaceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Bainoceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Gobiceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Lamaceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Family Protoceratopsidae 
 Breviceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Graciliceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Magnirostris - ( Inner Mongolia , China ) 
 Protoceratops - ( Mongolia ) 
 Superfamily Ceratopsoidea 
 Turanoceratops - ( Uzbekistan ) 
 Zuniceratops - ( New Mexico , US ) 
 Family Ceratopsidae 
 Subfamily Centrosaurinae 
 Albertaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada & ? Montana , USA ) 
 Avaceratops - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Brachyceratops - ( Montana , USA & Alberta , Canada ) 
 Centrosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Coronosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Diabloceratops - ( Utah , USA ) 
 Monoclonius - ( Montana , USA & Alberta , Canada ) 
 Nasutoceratops - ( Utah , USA ) 
 Rubeosaurus - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Spinops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Styracosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada & Montana , USA ) 
 Xenoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Tribe Pachyrhinosaurini 
 Achelousaurus - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Einiosaurus - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Pachyrhinosaurus- ( Alberta , Canada & Alaska , USA ) 
 Sinoceratops - ( Shandong , China ) 
 Subfamily Ceratopsinae 
 Ceratops - ( Montana , USA & Alberta , Canada ) 
 Subfamily Chasmosaurinae 
 Agathaumas - ( Wyoming , USA ) 
 Agujaceratops - ( Texas , USA ) 
 Anchiceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Arrhinoceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Chasmosaurus - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Coahuilaceratops - ( Coahuila , Mexico ) 
 ? Dysganus - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Judiceratops - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Kosmoceratops - ( Utah , USA ) 
 Medusaceratops - ( Montana , USA ) 
 Mojoceratops - ( Alberta & Saskatchewan , Canada ) 
 Pentaceratops - ( New Mexico , USA ) 
 ? Polyonax - ( Colorado , USA ) 
 Utahceratops - ( Utah , USA ) 
 Vagaceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Tribe Triceratopsini 
 Eotriceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Nedoceratops - ( Wyoming , USA ) 
 Ojoceratops - ( New Mexico , USA ) 
 Regaliceratops - ( Alberta , Canada ) 
 Tatankaceratops - ( South Dakota , USA ) 
 Titanoceratops - ( New Mexico , USA ) 
 Torosaurus - ( Wyoming , Montana , South Dakota , North Dakota , & Utah , USA & Saskatchewan , Canada ) 
 Triceratops - ( Montana & Wyoming , USA & Saskatchewan & Alberta , Canada ) 
 Possible ceratopsians from the Southern Hemisphere include the Australian Serendipaceratops , known from an ulna , and Notoceratops from Argentina is known from a single toothless jaw ( which has been lost ) . Craspedodon from the Late Cretaceous ( Santonian ) of Belgium may also be a ceratopsian , specifically a neoceratopsian closer to ceratopsoidea than protoceratopsidae . Possible leptoceratopsid remains have also been described from the early Campanian of Sweden . 
 
 = = = Phylogeny = = = 
 
 Paleontologists today agree on the overall structure of the ceratopsian family tree , although there are differences on individual taxa . There have been several cladistic studies performed on basal ceratopsians since 2000 . None have used every taxon listed above and many of the differences between the studies are still unresolved . 
 In clade @-@ based phylogenetic taxonomy , Ceratopsia is often defined to include all marginocephalians more closely related to Triceratops than to Pachycephalosaurus . Under this definition , the most basal known ceratopsians are Yinlong , from the Late Jurassic Period , along with Chaoyangsaurus and the family Psittacosauridae , from the Early Cretaceous Period , all of which were discovered in northern China or Mongolia . The rostral bone and flared jugals are already present in all of these forms , indicating that even earlier ceratopsians remain to be discovered . 
 The clade Neoceratopsia includes all ceratopsians more derived than psittacosaurids . Another subset of neoceratopsians is called Coronosauria , which currently includes all ceratopsians more derived than Auroraceratops . Coronosaurs show the first development of the neck frill and the fusion of the first several neck vertebrae to support the increasingly heavy head . Within Coronosauria , three groups are generally recognized , although the membership of these groups varies somewhat from study to study and some animals may not fit in any of them . One group can be called Protoceratopsidae and includes Protoceratops and its closest relatives , all Asian . Another group , Leptoceratopsidae , includes mostly North American animals that are more closely related to Leptoceratops . The Ceratopsoidea includes animals like Zuniceratops , which are more closely related to the family Ceratopsidae . This last family includes Triceratops and all the large North American ceratopsians and is further divided into the subfamilies Centrosaurinae and Ceratopsinae ( also known as Chasmosaurinae ) . 
 
 = = = = Farke phylogeny = = = = 
 
 Andrew Farke and his colleagues in 2014 published a description of a new neoceratopsian , Aquilops americanus , through the peer @-@ reviewed science journal PLOS ONE . They analysed their taxa as well as most other primitive ceratopsians to get a consensus cladogram . They created their own data matrix and through it found that many groups of ceratopsians could be supported , and that Aquilops was a basal neoceratopsian that could potentially be a protoceratopsid , leptoceratopsid , or ceratopsid , although any one of these groups would have a large ghost lineage with Aquilops . 
 Their study also found an equal consensus cladogram finding Ajkaceratops not as a neoceratopsian but a protoceratopsid . Nothing else about the cladograms changed . 
 
 = = = = Xu / Makovicky / Chinnery Phylogeny = = = = 
 
 Xu Xing of the Chinese Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology ( IVPP ) in Beijing , along with Peter Makovicky , formerly of the American Museum of Natural History ( AMNH ) in New York City and others , published a cladistic analysis in the 2002 description of Liaoceratops . This analysis is very similar to one published by Makovicky in 2001 . Makovicky , who currently works at the Field Museum of Natural History in Chicago , also included this analysis in his 2002 doctoral thesis . Xu and other colleagues added Yinlong to this analysis in 2006 . 
 Brenda Chinnery , formerly of the Museum of the Rockies in Bozeman , Montana , independently described Prenoceratops in 2005 and published a new phylogeny . In 2006 , Makovicky and Mark Norell of the AMNH incorporated Chinnery 's analysis into their own and also added Yamaceratops , although they were not able to include Yinlong . The cladogram presented below is a combination of Xu , Makovicky , and their colleagues ' most recent work . 
 Chaoyangsaurus is recovered in a more basal position than Psittacosauridae , although Chinnery 's original analysis finds it within Neoceratopsia . Protoceratopsidae is considered to be the sister group of Ceratopsoidea . The fragmentary Asiaceratops was included in these studies and is found to have a variable position , either as a basal neoceratopsian or as a leptoceratopsid , most likely due to the amount of missing information . Removal of Asiaceratops stabilizes the entire cladogram . 
 Makovicky 's latest analysis includes IVPP V12722 ( " Xuanhuasaurus " ) , a Late Jurassic ceratopsian from China that , at the time , was awaiting publication , but has since been published as Xuanhuaceratops . Kulceratops and Turanoceratops are considered nomina dubia in this study . Makovicky believes Lamaceratops , Magnirostris , and Platyceratops to be junior synonyms of Bagaceratops , and Bainoceratops to be synonymous with Protoceratops . 
 
 = = = = You / Dodson Phylogeny = = = = 
 
 You Hailu of Beijing 's Chinese Academy of Geological Sciences , was a co @-@ author with Xu and Makovicky in 2002 but , in 2003 , he and Peter Dodson from the University of Pennsylvania published a separate analysis . The two presented this analysis again in 2004 . In 2005 , You and three others , including Dodson , published on Auroraceratops and inserted this new dinosaur into their phylogeny . 
 In contrast to the previous analysis , You and Dodson find Chaoyangsaurus to be the most basal neoceratopsian , more derived than Psittacosaurus , while Leptoceratopsidae , not Protoceratopsidae , is recovered as the sister group of Ceratopsidae . This study includes Auroraceratops , but lacks seven taxa found in Xu and Makovicky 's work , so it is unclear how comparable the two studies are . Asiaceratops and Turanoceratops are each considered nomina dubia and not included . Along with Dong Zhiming , You described Magnirostris in 2003 , but to date has not included it in any of his cladograms . 
 
 = = Paleobiology = = 
 
 
 = = = Biogeography = = = 
 
 Ceratopsia appears to have originated in Asia , as all of the earliest members are found there . Fragmentary remains , including teeth , which appear to be neoceratopsian , are found in North America from the Albian stage ( 112 to 100 million years ago ) , indicating that the group had dispersed across what is now the Bering Strait by the middle of the Cretaceous Period . Almost all leptoceratopsids are North American , aside from Udanoceratops , which may represent a separate dispersal event , back into Asia . Ceratopsids and their immediate ancestors , such as Zuniceratops , were unknown outside of western North America , and were presumed endemic to that continent . The traditional view that ceratopsoids originated in North America was called into question by the 2009 discovery of better specimens of the dubious Asian form Turanoceratops , which confirmed it as a ceratopsid . It is unknown whether this indicates ceratopsids actually originated in Asia , or if the Turanoceratops immigrated from North America . 
 
 = = = Individual variation = = = 
 
 Unlike almost all other dinosaur groups , skulls are the most commonly preserved elements of ceratopsian skeletons and many species are known only from skulls . There is a great deal of variation between and even within ceratopsian species . Complete growth series from embryo to adult are known for Psittacosaurus and Protoceratops , allowing the study of ontogenetic variation in these species . Significant sexual dimorphism has been noted in Protoceratops and several ceratopsids . 
 
 = = = Ecological role = = = 
 
 Psittacosaurus and Protoceratops are the most common dinosaurs in the different Mongolian sediments where they are found . Triceratops fossils are far and away the most common dinosaur remains found in the latest Cretaceous rocks in the western United States , making up as much as 5 / 6ths of the large dinosaur fauna in some areas . These facts indicate that some ceratopsians were the dominant herbivores in their environments . 
 Some species of ceratopsians , especially Centrosaurus and its relatives , appear to have been gregarious , living in herds . This is suggested by bonebed finds with the remains of many individuals of different ages . Like modern migratory herds , they would have had a significant effect on their environment , as well as serving as a major food source for predators . 
 Although ceratopsians are generally considered herbivorous , a few paleontologists , such as Darren Naish and Mark Witton , have speculated online that at least some ceratopsians may have been opportunistically omnivorous . 
 
 = = = Posture and locomotion = = = 
 
 Most restorations of ceratopsians show them with erect hindlimbs but semi @-@ sprawling forelimbs , which suggest that they were not fast movers . But Paul and Christiansen ( 2000 ) argued that at least the later ceratopsians had upright forelimbs and the larger species may have been as fast as rhinos , which can run at up to 56 km or 35 miles per hour . 
 
 = = = Daily activity patterns = = = 
 
 A nocturnal lifestyle has been suggested for the primitive ceratopsian Protoceratops . However , comparisons between the scleral rings of Protoceratops and Psittacosaurus and modern birds and reptiles indicate that they may have been cathemeral , active throughout the day at short intervals . 
 
 = = = Paleopathology = = = 
 
 Activity @-@ related bone fractures have been documented in ceratopsians . Periostitis has also been documented in the shoulder blade of a ceratopsian . 
 
 = = Timeline of genera = = 
 
 
 
 = Truth in Numbers ? = 
 
 Truth in Numbers ? Everything , According to Wikipedia is a 2010 American documentary film that explores the history and cultural implications of the online , user @-@ editable encyclopedia Wikipedia . The film considers the question of whether all individuals or just experts should be tasked with editing an encyclopedia . 
 The site 's history and background is given , along with commentary from Wikipedia founders Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger . Commentators that appear in the film include author Howard Zinn , Len Downie of The Washington Post , Bob Schieffer of CBS News , former Encyclopædia Britannica chief Robert McHenry and former Central Intelligence Agency director James Woolsey . The documentary discusses incidents that shed a negative light on Wikipedia , including the Essjay controversy and the Wikipedia biography controversy . 
 The long @-@ delayed film premiered at Wikimania 2010 in Gdańsk in July 2010 , and was screened at the Paley Center for Media in New York City in October 2010 . It was shown as part of the Savannah Film Festival on November 3 , 2010 , at Savannah College of Art and Design 's Trustees Theater . Truth in Numbers ? received a mixed reception , with favorable commentary from author Ted Leonsis , in the AOL publication Urlesque , and coverage at the Savannah Film Festival by Carlos Serrano of District . 
 
 = = Contents = = 
 
 Truth in Numbers ? Everything , According to Wikipedia , an American documentary film , explores the history and cultural implications of Wikipedia . The film presents Wikipedia as a new form of communication and cultural dialog . The directors attempt to answer the question of whether ordinary individuals should be tasked with collecting knowledge for presentation online , or this should be relegated solely to academic scholars in specific fields . The film gives an overview of the history of the enterprise , as well as biographical information on founder Jimmy Wales . Wales is shown discussing Wikipedia with an Indian reader , who points out an inaccuracy in an article . Wales proceeds to show the reader how to click the " edit " tab on the website . Wikipedia founder Larry Sanger is featured in the documentary and speaks critically about the website 's embracing of editors from the general public as opposed to soliciting expert contributors . 
 Journalism and media commentators who appear and are interviewed in the film include author Howard Zinn ; Len Downie , ( executive editor of The Washington Post ) ; Bob Schieffer ( CBS News ) ; Robert McHenry ( former chief of Encyclopædia Britannica ) ; James Woolsey ( former director of the Central Intelligence Agency ) ; Chris Wilson ( reporter for Slate Magazine ) ; Cade Metz ( reporter for The Register who has written critically about Wikipedia ) ; Richard Branson and Noam Chomsky . The film documents an initiative in India and Africa called " Wikipedia Academies " . Controversies discussed in the film include the Essjay controversy , where a member of Wikipedia made false assertions about his academic background ; and the Wikipedia biography controversy , where false statements were inserted into the Wikipedia entry for journalist John Seigenthaler . Musician KRS @-@ One comments about the site after reading his biography on Wikipedia : " I can say to you , these are the facts but they are not true . " 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Conception = = = 
 
 The idea for the film originated from a suggestion by Michael Ferris Gibson , who had made the 2005 documentary 24 Hours on Craigslist . Gibson , a producer on the film , met with co @-@ director Nic Hill . Gibson financed Hill 's travels while making the film . The working title for the film was Truth in Numbers : The Wikipedia Story . Gibson chose to finance the film through a request for funding from Internet visitors ; the initial request drew in US $ 20 @,@ 000 in initial investment . The production team made their initial work on the project known to Internet viewers via the website www.wikidocumentary.org. Another collaborative website focused on the documentary was formed at Wikia , located at wikidocumentary.wikia.com. Regarding his financing strategy , Gibson commented to the San Francisco Chronicle , that smaller incremental donations from multiple individuals showed genuine interest in his initiative . 
 
 = = = Filming = = = 
 
 Filming started in August 2006 at the Wikimania 2006 conference , and by April 2007 the team had aggregated 100 hours of footage . Co @-@ director Hill accompanied Wales during 2007 , filming him as he journeyed around the globe . Hill took a two @-@ person film crew and traveled to China , Indonesia , India , South Africa , Australia and Europe , interviewing editors and contributors . Hill is himself an editor of Wikipedia , starting an article about a graffiti artist . Gibson and Hill required expertise in the creative and funding aspects of film @-@ making and invited Scott Glosserman to join the venture . Glosserman 's involvement with the film began during the 2007 – 2008 Writers Guild of America strike . After Glosserman signed on , the breadth of the endeavor became larger . The film ended up taking an additional three years to finish after Glosserman joined the production . 
 Eric Koretz served as director of photography ; he joined the team during a shift in focus in January 2008 . Koretz used a Panasonic AG @-@ HPX500 P2 HD camcorder . He commented to industry publication Videography about the choice of technique , that due to the intensity of the production team 's travel schedule tape format would not have been an option . He stated he preferred using P2 cards over the HDD @-@ based format due to its superior reliability . During the editing process , Glen Echo Entertainment utilized eight Apple Macintosh computers with Intel processors , equipped with Apple 's Final Cut Pro editing software . 
 
 = = = Re @-@ focus = = = 
 
 Glosserman and the rest of the production team met together to put together a focus for the film ; they centered their efforts on answering the question : " How does Wikipedia get at the truth ? " They also wanted to provide information for everyday individuals wanting to know about Wikipedia 's background and functioning . Experts were sought out , including the author of The Age of American Unreason Susan Jacoby , to discuss Wikipedia 's approach to scholars knowledgeable about specific subject matter . Glosserman commented in an interview with IndieWire , " We tried to get people offering compelling arguments for either side of any particular topic because our intention was to be objective and to let the viewer make up his or her own mind . " The narrative structure of the film What the Bleep Do We Know ! ? served as an inspiration for Glosserman during the production process . As a non @-@ profit project , the film had received more than $ 55 @,@ 000 in donations by March 2009 . 
 
 = = Release = = 
 
 The release for the film was originally planned for 2007 , then 2008 and 2009 , before its 2010 release . Clips of the film were shown at Wikimania 2007 in Taipei prior to its completion . Editors in the audience had mixed views on the film . In 2008 , footage from the film was used in an official fundraising video by the Wikimedia Foundation . The film had its premiere at Wikimania 2010 in Gdańsk in July 2010 , before an audience of approximately 300 people . A trailer for the movie was released in October 2010 . 
 The film was screened at the Paley Center for Media in New York City on October 20 , 2010 . It was shown in conjunction with the Robert M. Batscha University Seminar Series . The Paley Center screening included an online streaming broadcast — the first simultaneous film screening and panel question @-@ and @-@ answer for online and local audiences . The panel discussion was moderated by The New York Times journalist Noam Cohen , and featured both co @-@ directors , in addition to Wikimedia Foundation representative Samuel Klein and Wikipedian in Residence at the British Museum Liam Wyatt . After the event , SnagFilms subsequently made the film available for free for six days to viewers in the United States . 
 The film was screened at the Savannah Film Festival on November 3 , 2010 , at Savannah College of Art and Design 's Trustees Theater . It was scheduled for a limited theatrical release in the United States on November 30 , 2010 . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Wales wrote favorably about the film in 2007 during its production , and noted , " Director Nic Hill is making what looks to be a fabulous film about Wikipedia and Wikipedians worldwide . " However , Wales commented negatively about the delayed release , in a statement to PRNewser . He said the movie was dated due to its delay . He commented that the documentary was lopsided towards reliance on expert commentary and did not feature enough weight towards depicting community involvement in the online project . Wales posted to a Wikimedia Foundation mailing list , " the film was poorly received in Poland , and it is seriously out of date . " Larry Sanger commented he thought the film was , " Not too bad , from what I saw . " Wikimedia Foundation board member Samuel Klein commented , " In general , I like the film a lot more after seeing it for the second time , in a very different audience ( and seeing their live reactions ) . " Sage Ross , an attendee of Wikimania 2010 , commented that the film appears to take a mainly negative point of view towards Wikipedia , " The film gives a lot of focus to some shallow or misleading lines of criticism , and on an intellectual level , it comes off as largely anti @-@ Wikipedia , contrasting the reasonable @-@ sounding arguments of mature critics with the naive optimism of youthful Wikipedians . " Author Ted Leonsis commented favorably about the documentary , at his blog , Ted 's Take , characterizing it as , " A great film about the Wikipedia movement . " He concluded , " This is a must see film , a premiere film . You gotta watch it to remain socially relevant ! " 
 Daniel D 'Addario reviewed Truth in Numbers ? Everything , According to Wikipedia for the AOL Inc. publication , Urlesque . D 'Addario commented , " the film raises interesting questions about authority , only somewhat intentionally . " He noted the dated bits observing , " Truth in Numbers ? may well be coming too late . " D 'Addario concluded his assessment by noting that at the time of his review , the Wikipedia article for the film was under threat of being deleted : " According to the site , the entry for Truth in Numbers ? is being considered for deletion – it links to few other articles on the site , and is an ' orphan . ' Given the tenor of Truth in Numbers ? , which combines avid interest in Wikipedia with wide @-@ eyed dismay at much of its particulars , this is either very surprising or not surprising at all . " 
 In his review for the Savannah Film Festival , Carlos Serrano of District wrote that though the subject matter covered a lot of ground , it utilized an efficient presentation : " Sounds like a lot to put in to one movie , but the film manages to make good use of its 85 minute running time . " Serrano commented on the presentation of Jimmy Wales during the film , " In the end , I came out of the theater thinking of him as a three @-@ dimensional figure , very much a man with passion but neither completely good or evil . To be honest , this is very important in a film like this and is a definite plus for the movie . " Serrano recommended the documentary , and concluded , " This is definitely a solid film . ... This film is definitely worth a viewing . It ’ s interesting , well made , and presents varied perspectives on Wikipedia that help the narrative stay interesting . " 
 
 
 = Hope Highway = 
 
 The Hope Highway , also known as the Hope Road Turnoff , is a Forest Highway located in the Kenai Peninsula Borough , in the U.S. state of Alaska . The highway connects the city of Hope to the Seward Highway , and travels through 17 miles ( 27 km ) of the Chugach National Forest . The road passes the ghost town of Sunrise City and several smaller settlements , remnants of the gold rush that occurred in that area . The highway was created circa 1928 and was designated as Forest Highway 14 by the Federal Highway Administration . 
 
 = = Route description = = 
 
 The Hope Highway begins at an intersection with the Seward Highway ( AK @-@ 1 ) , inside Chugach National Forest . The highway proceeds north , traveling through several miles of pine forest , in a valley in the Kenai Mountain range . The highway passes alongside the Resurrection Creek , which was the source for the settlement of this area . The road proceeds through the abandoned settlement of Sunrise City , which was an old mining town . The roadway proceeds to the Turnagain Arm , and turns in a westward direction . The road continues along the arm for several miles before entering the city of Hope . The highway passes through Hope , intersecting the Old Hope Highway and several smaller streets before exiting the town and reentering the forest . The highway reaches its northern terminus , an access road to the Porcupine Creek Campgrounds . The entire length of the Hope Highway is located in the Chugach National Forest . No portion of the highway is listed on the National Highway System . 
 
 = = = Traffic = = = 
 
 Traffic on the Hope Highway is very low , with the highest traffic count being just over 400 vehicles daily , at its intersection with the Seward Highway . The daily average vehicle count for the highway is just under 300 . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Hope Highway was first established in 1928 . The original highway connected the city of Hope to Moose Pass , which then took people to Anchorage via the Alaska Railroad . The Seward Highway was completed in 1951 , which allowed travelers to get to Hope without having to transport their vehicle on a train . The highway operated as an improved dirt road until 1952 or 1953 , when the highway was finally paved . The portion of the highway that connected Hope to the campgrounds was created in the 1970s . Around the same time as the extension of the route , the Hope Highway was rerouted around the city of Hope , with the original path that traveled through the city being renamed the Old Hope Highway . In 1982 , during the expansion of the Federal Forest Highway System , the Hope Highway was added to the system , due to its location and local importance . 
 
 = = Major junctions = = 
 
 The entire highway is in Kenai Peninsula Borough . 
 
 = = Old Hope Highway = = 
 
 The Old Hope Highway is a short , historic route of the Hope Highway located in the city of Hope . The road is just 0 @.@ 259 miles ( 0 @.@ 417 km ) long , and connects the Hope Highway to the central region of Hope . The road has an unpaved , gravel surface , and passes several small businesses and homes located in Hope . The road was part of the original Hope Highway , which was created in 1928 , and remained part of the highway until circa 1970 , when the highway was rerouted around Hope . 
 
 
 = Super Mario Land = 
 
 Super Mario Land is a 1989 side @-@ scrolling platform video game , the first in the Super Mario Land series , developed and published by Nintendo as a launch title for their Game Boy handheld game console . In gameplay similar to that of the 1985 Super Mario Bros. , but resized for the smaller device 's screen , the player advances Mario to the end of 12 levels by moving to the right and jumping across platforms to avoid enemies and pitfalls . Unlike other Mario games , Super Mario Land is set in Sarasaland , a new environment depicted in line art , and Mario pursues Princess Daisy . The game introduces two Gradius @-@ style shooter levels . 
 At Nintendo CEO Hiroshi Yamauchi 's request , Game Boy creator Gunpei Yokoi 's Nintendo R & D1 developed a Mario game to sell the new console . It was the first portable version of Mario and the first to be made without Mario creator and Yokoi protégé Shigeru Miyamoto . Accordingly , the development team shrunk Mario gameplay elements for the device and used some elements inconsistently from the series . Super Mario Land was expected to showcase the console until Nintendo of America bundled Tetris with new Game Boys . The game launched alongside the Game Boy first in Japan ( April 1989 ) and later worldwide . Super Mario Land was later rereleased for the Nintendo 3DS via Virtual Console in 2011 again as a launch title , which featured some tweaks to the game 's presentation . 
 Initial reviews were laudatory . Reviewers were satisfied with the smaller Super Mario Bros. , but noted its short length . They considered it among the best of the Game Boy launch titles . The handheld console became an immediate success and Super Mario Land ultimately sold over 18 million copies , more than that of Super Mario Bros. 3 . Both contemporaneous and retrospective reviewers praised the game 's soundtrack . Later reviews were critical of the compromises made in development and noted Super Mario Land 's deviance from series norms . The game begot a series of sequels , including the 1992 Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins , 1994 Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 , and 2011 Super Mario 3D Land , though many of the original 's mechanics were not revisited . The game was included in several top Game Boy game lists and debuted Princess Daisy as a recurring Mario series character . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 As a side @-@ scrolling platform game and the first in the Super Mario Land series , Super Mario Land is similar in gameplay to its forebears : as Mario , the player advances to the end of the level by moving to the right and jumping across platforms to avoid enemies and pitfalls . In Super Mario Land , Mario travels to Sarasaland to save Princess Daisy from Tatanga , an evil spaceman . Two of the game 's twelve levels are " forced @-@ scrolling " Gradius @-@ style shooters where Mario helms a submarine or airplane and fires projectiles towards oncoming enemies and bosses . Levels end with a platforming challenge to reach an alternative exit located above the regular exit . The former leads to a bonus minigame that awards extra lives . 
 Unlike other Mario games , which take place in the Mushroom Kingdom , Super Mario Land is set in Sarasaland and drawn in line art . Mario pursues Princess Daisy , in her debut , rather than the series standard damsel in distress , Princess Peach . Koopa shells explode rather than slide , Mario throws bouncing balls rather than fireballs , 1 @-@ Up Mushroom power @-@ ups are depicted as hearts , and the level @-@ end flagpoles are replaced with a platforming challenge . Some elements recur from previous Mario games , such as blocks suspended in midair , pipes that lead to other areas , and Goomba enemies . 
 
 = = Development = = 
 
 Super Mario Land was developed by Nintendo R & D1 and published by Nintendo in 1989 as a launch title for their Game Boy handheld console . Nintendo CEO Hiroshi Yamauchi believed that fun games sold consoles , so when the company created the Game Boy handheld console , he wanted a fun game that would feature Nintendo 's mascot , Mario , and subsequently sell consoles . The job fell to Nintendo R & D1 , a development team led by Game Boy inventor Gunpei Yokoi . Yokoi had previously created the Game & Watch series and worked with his protégé , Shigeru Miyamoto , on the game that invented Mario , Donkey Kong . Super Mario Land was the fourth Super Mario title , the first portable Mario game , and the first in the series to be made without Miyamoto . 
 Absent Miyamoto 's direction , the development team used elements new and inconsistent with the series as Super Mario Land shrunk elements of the series to fit the portable device 's small screen . Yokoi , the head of R & D1 , served as producer , and Satoru Okada served as director . They had previously developed Metroid ( 1986 ) and Kid Icarus ( 1986 ) together , and the two subsequently designed the Game Boy — Yokoi on its industrial design , and Okada on its engineering . Their Super Mario Land was planned as the portable console 's showcase title until Henk Rogers brought Tetris to Nintendo of America and convinced Minoru Arakawa that the addictive computer game would help Nintendo reach the largest audience . The company subsequently chose to bundle Tetris with every Game Boy purchase . 
 The Game Boy was released in Japan in April 1989 , North America in July , and Europe in September 1990 , and Super Mario Land was a launch title . The game 's official first released was on April 21 , 1989 , in Japan , and its North American release followed in August . About 22 years later , Super Mario Land was released for the Nintendo 3DS via Virtual Console on June 6 , 2011 , as one of its opening titles . Its added features include an increased size ( about 60 percent zoom ) and an optional " shades of green " color palette to match the effect of the original Game Boy 's monochrome . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Critics saw Super Mario Land as a " smaller " and shorter version of Super Mario Bros. IGN 's Lucas Thomas wrote that the protagonist , enemies , and overall game were shorter , and noted that Mario himself was just 12 pixels in height on the Game Boy 's small screen . With this in mind , Thomas was concerned about player " eyestrain " in rereleases of the game . Still , IGN 's Levi Buchanan thought the game made no compromises in its size reduction . At the time of its release in 1989 , reviewers were excited to have a portable Mario game . Paul Rand of Computer and Video Games called the game " an arcade machine in your pocket " and the graphics " remarkable " for their size . French games magazine Player One felt that Super Mario Land adequately compromised where necessary to bring Mario to a portable device . Electronic Gaming Monthly 's Steve Harris considered the game " fantastic " and " very fun to play " , albeit short . Ed Semrad and Donn Nauert of the same outlet both declared Super Mario Land " easily the best Game Boy cart " of the time . Complex 's Gus Turner wrote that the graphics were " simple " , and Official Nintendo Magazine said the game was " ridiculously short " . Eurogamer reported that the game could be finished in under an hour . 
 Complex 's Gus Turner wrote that the game had the fun , intuitiveness , and difficulty associated with the series , and Tony Mott of Superplay said the game proved that Nintendo 's Game Boy " had playability to match " its competitors . Matt Regan of Mean Machines agreed : " Playability to the nth degree ! " British magazines Mean Machines and The Games Machine both commented on the game 's number of secrets to find . Eurogamer 's Chris Schilling called Hirokazu Tanaka 's soundtrack " surely one of the all @-@ time greats " , and Official Nintendo Magazine said it was among the " greatest videogame music ever composed " . Player One , Eurogamer , and Complex too complimented the music . Player One further pronounced Super Mario Land a " masterpiece " , " the pinnacle of portable video gaming " . 
 Following the Game Boy 's " overnight success " , Super Mario Land sold over 18 million copies — more than that of Super Mario Bros. 3 . 
 
 = = Legacy = = 
 
 The game begot a Super Mario Land series of portable Mario games . Super Mario Land 2 : 6 Golden Coins added a non @-@ linear overworld and introduced Wario , an evil version of Mario , as the game 's villain . The subsequent Wario Land : Super Mario Land 3 began the Wario franchise . After 19 years , the 2011 title Super Mario 3D Land for the Nintendo 3DS became Mario 's first game in stereoscopic 3D . Audrey Drake of IGN argued that both Wario Land and Super Mario 3D Land were not " legitimate sequels " , and wrote that the latter felt more like " Super Mario Bros. 3 with Mario Galaxy influences " than a successor to Super Mario Land 2 . 
 Super Mario Land is remembered for its miniaturized Super Mario elements and " twist on just about every Mario mainstay imaginable " . Many of its new elements did not recur later in the series , making Super Mario Land strange compared to the rest of the series , or what IGN 's Thomas described as a " singular oddball " . IGN 's Marc Nix felt retrospectively that Super Mario Land was the only uninspired Mario game , with " funky voids of white " and UFOs instead of the " strikingly original " Mushroom Kingdom . Mean Machines was also put off by the alien theme , easy difficulty , and dot matrix screen blur . IGN 's Travis Fahs wrote that the game was comparatively not as " ambitious " as Super Mario Bros. 3 . Mean Machines felt as if it was not " a true Mario game " , not worth its originally high review score , and " in retrospect , not really a classic " . 
 Eurogamer 's Schilling wrote that Mario felt different — lighter , with more friction — and that the game felt " radical and distinctive " for the risks it took . IGN 's Thomas cited " out of place " gameplay elements like the shooter levels , exploding Koopa shells , non @-@ extinguishing fireballs , and non @-@ Princess Peach plot as departures from the series . Thomas attributed this to Mario creator Miyamoto 's lack of involvement in the game 's development , which he described as " famously hands @-@ off " . Schilling of Eurogamer instead blamed the Game Boy 's technical limitations . But he too was perplexed by the new sphinx , seahorse , and Moai head enemies , and considered the exploding Koopa shells a " cruel trick " disdainful of the series ' core gameplay . Super Mario Land 's shooter levels , new to the series , were not revisited in subsequent series games . And subsequent series games such as Super Mario Land 2 both dropped the original 's tiny scale and chose the classic fire flower fireballs over the first installment 's bouncing balls . 
 The game was included in multiple rankings of top Game Boy games , and Official Nintendo Magazine listed it at 73 in its top 100 Nintendo games . After her debut in Super Mario Land , Princess Daisy reaffiliated as Luigi 's girlfriend and appears in later Mario series sports and racing games . 
 
 
 = Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! = 
 
 Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ( ストップ ! ! ひばりくん ! , Sutoppu ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ) is a Japanese manga series written and illustrated by Hisashi Eguchi . It was serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump from October 1981 to November 1983 , and the chapters were published in four tankōbon volumes by Shueisha from November 1982 to January 1984 . The series was adapted into a 35 @-@ episode anime television series by Toei Animation that aired on Fuji Television from May 1983 to January 1984 . The story focuses on Kōsaku Sakamoto , a high school student who goes to live with yakuza boss Ibari Ōzora and his four children — Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume — after the death of his mother . Kōsaku is shocked to learn that Hibari , who looks and behaves as a girl , was assigned male at birth . 
 Eguchi wanted to create a romantic comedy manga where the main female character is a cross @-@ dressing boy so as to poke fun at the genre . He took more time to draw the chapters compared to his earlier manga , and as the serialization continued , he found it increasingly difficult to keep up a weekly pace for the chapters . He eventually abandoned the series after the editor @-@ in @-@ chief of Weekly Shōnen Jump refused his request to release the chapters every other week . From July 2009 to February 2010 , Shogakukan published a three @-@ volume Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! Complete Edition omnibus collection , which features various revisions to the originally published chapters in addition to newly drawn cover art . 
 Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! has been described as achieving a dizzying reality with Hibari by contrasting a girlish exterior with a male interior . The series has been praised for its overall light and pop literary style , and the delicate touch in how Hibari is drawn has been described as so attractive that it makes the reader forget that it is a gag manga . However , the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters have been criticized as extreme and no longer humorous in modern times . The series has been described as having had a hand in paving the way for the J @-@ pop phenomenon . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! follows Kōsaku Sakamoto , a high school student whose mother tells him on her deathbed to live with her friend and yakuza boss Ibari Ōzora and his family in Tokyo after she dies . Although Kōsaku is initially unsure about his situation , he is relieved when he meets Ibari 's four children : Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume . Kōsaku is attracted to Hibari from the start , but he is shocked to learn that Hibari , who looks and behaves as a girl , was assigned male at birth — something only known within the Ōzora Group and Hibari 's family . A group of four girls led by Kaori Hanazono begin to suspect that Hibari may be a guy , but Tsubame takes Hibari 's place during a health checkup , effectively quelling any suspicions . Hibari begins to show an immediate interest in Kōsaku , so in an effort to distance himself from Hibari , Kōsaku joins the Wakaba Academy boxing club . Also in the club is Makoto Shiina , who is attracted to Hibari , and Rie Kawai , the club manager who Kōsaku likes . Hibari soon joins the club as its second manager shortly before they go on a training camp in Kujūkuri at the end of the year . 
 At the start of the new school year , Hibari is scouted to join the girl 's volleyball team after the captain , Jun Ōtori , witnesses Hibari 's athletic prowess . Although Hibari refuses , Jun continues to pursue Hibari until Jun is overwhelmed by Hibari 's superhuman ability to spike the ball . After Kaori and her friends try to embarrass Hibari during swim class , they once again suspect that Hibari may be a guy , but Hibari prevents them from getting any proof during the school sponsored summer camp . After Hibari refuses several advances from a popular guy at school named Takuto Honda , Hibari starts openly flirting with Kōsaku at school . Shiina becomes enraged at Kōsaku for earning Hibari 's affection , but Shiina and Kōsaku grow closer as friends after they fight it out and Kōsaku reassures him that there is nothing going on between him and Hibari . 
 When Kōsaku is out jogging one day , he helps out a girl named Sayuri Kōenji who was being harassed by three guys from the Kokuryū High School boxing club , although Hibari deals with them before Kōsaku can do anything . Despite this , Sayuri is instantly enamored by Kōsaku and hires a detective to find out more about him , leading her to discover Hibari 's secret . Hibari has another run @-@ in with the Kokuryū boxing club members after they harass Tsubame at a festival . The Kokuryū boxing club challenges the Wakaba boxing club to some inter @-@ school matches , but this turns out to be a ruse to get a chance to gang up on Hibari . However , the Ōzora Group intercedes , allowing Hibari to knock out the Kokuryū boxing club 's leader . Sayuri transfers into Kōsaku 's class , and she blackmails him into going on a date with her in exchange for not revealing Hibari 's secret . During the school festival , Kōsaku 's class acts out a Sleeping Beauty play with Kōsaku as the prince and Hibari as the princess , culminating in Hibari giving Kōsaku a French kiss on stage . Ibari agrees to look after Gekijirō Taiga , the son of one of his close friends , who Kōsaku is surprised to learn is a trans man . 
 
 = = = Characters = = = 
 
 Kōsaku Sakamoto ( 坂本 耕作 , Sakamoto Kōsaku ) is the protagonist of Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! and is originally from Kumamoto.Ch. 33 He is a pure @-@ hearted high school student who constantly refuses Hibari 's advances toward him , Ch . 2 , 3 , 10 , 17 but as time goes on , he becomes increasingly concerned that he is being influenced by Hibari.Ch. 8 , 22 , 35 , 38 Kōsaku treats Hibari kindly , and helps to maintain Hibari 's secret.Ch. 25 , 50 , 51 Initially unskilled at fighting , Ch . 3 he joins the Wakaba Academy boxing club in an effort to get stronger because of Hibari 's inherent strength , Ch . 8 which he achieves as the series progresses.Ch. 38 Kōsaku is voiced by Tōru Furuya . 
 Hibari Ōzora ( 大空 ひばり , Ōzora Hibari ) is the titular character of Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! ! . Hibari is a high school student assigned male at birth who looks and behaves as a girl , much to Ibari 's dismay.Ch. 2 , 4 , 8 Hibari prefers being referred to as Ibari 's daughter , Ch . 6 , 8 , 15 and has expressed an interest in having breasts.Ch. 6 According to Suzume , Hibari becomes more feminine after Kōsaku starts living at the Ōzora household.Ch. 8 Hibari show an interest in Kōsaku early on , Ch . 9 and continues to make advances toward him throughout the series.Ch. 17 , 22 , 35 Hibari gets bolder as the series progresses , including openly flirting with Kōsaku at school , Ch . 37 and kissing him.Ch. 18 , 48 , 51 Hibari is extremely athletic and intelligent , in addition to being physically strong despite Hibari 's relatively small body frame.Ch. 5 , 7 , 8 , 22 Hibari is voiced by Satomi Majima . 
 Ibari Ōzora ( 大空 いばり , Ōzora Ibari ) is the boss of the Ōzora Group , a yakuza organization.Ch. 1 As the father of Tsugumi , Tsubame , Hibari and Suzume , he wants the Ōzora Group to be family @-@ oriented.Ch. 4 Ibari is extremely distressed by Hibari 's usual behavior , partly because Hibari is his only choice to inherit the Ōzora Group.Ch. 2 He has a weak heart and frequently gets attacks whenever he is overly excited or shocked by something.Ch. 2 , 4 , 8 , 28 Ibari had been in love with Kōsaku 's mother , but she ended up marrying a Matagi hunter.Ch. 19 Ibari is voiced by Jōji Yanami . 
 Tsugumi Ōzora ( 大空 つぐみ , Ōzora Tsugumi ) is the eldest daughter who has acted as a motherly figure to her family after their mother died . She dropped out of art school in her second year and became a professional illustrator.Ch. 31 Tsugumi is voiced by Fumi Hirano . 
 Tsubame Ōzora ( 大空 つばめ , Ōzora Tsubame ) is the second daughter and is two years older than Hibari . Like her father , Tsubame is against Hibari acting as a girl , Ch . 5 , 7 and constantly gets mad at Hibari for wearing her clothes , Ch . 4 , 23 , 44 although Tsubame sometimes wears Hibari 's clothes , too.Ch. 6 Tsubame and Hibari are nearly identical except for their hair and eye color , and they impersonate each other on certain occasions.Ch. 7 , 13 , 18 Tsubame is voiced by Kyōko Irokawa . 
 Suzume Ōzora ( 大空 すずめ , Ōzora Suzume ) is the youngest daughter and is a precocious elementary school student.Ch. 14 , 19 , 48 She is scared of flat @-@ faced men.Ch. 4 , 28 Suzume is voiced by Tomiko Suzuki . 
 Sabu ( サブ ) is a member of the Ōzora Group . He is in love with Tsugumi.Ch. 32 Sabu is voiced by Norio Wakamoto . 
 Seiji ( 政二 ) is a member of the Ōzora Group . He looks scary , but he has a timid personality.Ch. 2 , 4 , 18 He scares Kōsaku awake in the mornings.Ch. 6 , 9 , 20 Seiji is voiced by Toku Nishio . 
 Makoto Shiina ( 椎名 まこと , Shiina Makoto ) is Kōsaku 's classmate who likes Hibari.Ch. 3 , 12 He is a member of the boxing club , and initially hates Kōsaku for earning Hibari 's affection , Ch . 8 but as the series progresses , the two become friends.Ch. 38 Shiina is voiced by Katsuji Mori . 
 Rie Kawai ( 可愛 理絵 , Kawai Rie ) is a normal girl with a gentle personality who is attracted to Shiina.Ch. 12 She joined the boxing club as a manager because of him.Ch. 17 She leaves the boxing club when she learns Shiina likes Hibari , Ch . 30 but she rejoins the club after she gets over him.Ch. 50 Rie is voiced by Hiromi Tsuru . 
 Mitsuo Kaji ( 梶 みつを , Kaji Mitsuwo ) is one of Tsubame 's classmates and is the boxing club captain.Ch. 10 , 13 He is an overbearing guy and is very pushy towards Tsubame whom he likes.Ch. 13 , 18 His family members have the same face as him.Ch. 18 He is voiced by Kōzō Shioya . 
 Kaori Hanazono ( 花園 かおり , Hanzono Kaori ) is Kōsaku 's classmate.Ch. 23 She is jealous of Hibari 's popularity at school , Ch . 6 and takes pride in her devious personality.Ch. 7 , 27 Along with her three friends , they try to embarrass Hibari.Ch. 24 , 27 Kaori is voiced by Seiko Nakano . 
 Sayuri Kōenji ( 高円寺 さゆり , Kōenji Sayuri ) is a rich girl one year younger than Kōsaku.Ch. 50 She falls in love easily and will do anything she can to bring her love to fruition . When something surprises her , she composes a haiku.Ch. 43 Sayuri is voiced by Yuriko Yamamoto . 
 
 = = Media = = 
 
 
 = = = Manga = = = 
 
 Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! is written and illustrated by Hisashi Eguchi . Following the conclusion of his manga Hinomaru Gekijō ( ひのまる劇場 ) in 1981 , Eguchi wanted to go against the notion at the time that there was currently a golden age of romantic comedy manga in shōnen manga magazines . In response , Eguchi thought of creating a romantic comedy manga where the main female character is a cross @-@ dressing boy , and in doing so , poke fun at the genre by developing it as the antithesis of a romantic comedy . Eguchi drew up the storyboard for the first chapter in about 30 minutes in a cafe , and came up with the title Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! as a reference to Hisashi Sekiya 's manga Stop ! Nii @-@ chan ( ストップ ! にいちゃん ) . In wanting to highlight the comedy of having a character like Hibari , Eguchi realized that the cuter he could draw Hibari , the more effective the jokes would be , so he tried to draw Hibari as cute as he could . 
 Eguchi had often rushed when drawing his earlier manga Susume ! ! Pirates ( すすめ ! ! パイレーツ ) , but starting with Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , he raised the standards he held for his art and had to began taking more time to draw the chapters . In addition , Eguchi was very particular about the appearance of his manuscripts , so he never used white @-@ out to correct any drawing errors because he disliked how it looked . As the serialization continued , Eguchi found it increasingly difficult to keep up a weekly pace for the chapters , leading him to take frequent hiatuses and later say that " drawing weekly isn 't something humans can do . " Furthermore , the editor @-@ in @-@ chief of Weekly Shōnen Jump at the time , Shigeo Nishimura , refused his request to release the chapters every other week . When it came time to draw what would end up being the last serialized chapter , Eguchi completed the chapter 's storyboard , but ultimately submitted only about two @-@ thirds of the chapter , leaving out the last five pages . After he submitted the chapter 's manuscript , Eguchi fled to a hotel and secluded himself for a day , only coming out after Nishimura called him to say that he could not deal with him anymore on a weekly basis . As a result , Eguchi abandoned the serialization and the editorial department decided to discontinue the series . 
 Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! was serialized in the manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump from the October 19 , 1981 issue to the November 28 , 1983 issue . The individual chapters were collected and published in four tankōbon volumes by Shueisha from November 1982 to January 1984 . Inspired by Katsuhiro Otomo , Eguchi fought against the established design format for the volumes that at the time was " set in stone " for series serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump . Futabasha later published it in three volumes in July 1991 , and again in two volumes in February 1995 . Shueisha republished it in four volumes from May to June 2001 . Home @-@ sha published it in two volumes in January 2004 . In an interview in 2007 , Eguchi expressed a desire to continue some of his older series , but stated that a continuation of Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! would be difficult . 
 Starting in 2009 , Eguchi began working with Shogakukan on releasing a Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! Complete Edition omnibus collection , which features various revisions to the originally published chapters in addition to newly drawn cover art . Not wanting to end the Complete Edition with an abrupt conclusion like he had done before , Eguchi found the storyboard for the final chapter and used it as a basis to newly draw the last five pages he had omitted 27 years earlier . Shogakukan published the Complete Edition in three volumes from July 2009 to February 2010 ; Shogakukan later republished the series in another three volumes from May to July 2012 . In 2010 , Eguchi did not rule out the possibility of someday drawing a continuation of the series , but he said it probably would not be a story under the title Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! . 
 
 = = = Anime = = = 
 
 A 35 @-@ episode anime television series adaptation , produced by Toei Animation and directed by Takashi Hisaoka . It aired from May 20 , 1983 to January 27 , 1984 on Fuji Television . The screenplay was written by : Shigeru Yanagawa , Tokio Tsuchiya , Hiroshi Toda , Tomomi Tsutsui , Takeshi Shudo and Yumi Asano . The character design used in the anime was provided by Yoshinori Kanemori , and the music was composed by Kōji Nishimura . The series was later released by Universal J to two DVD compilation volumes from February to March 2003 . A DVD box set was released by TC Entertainment in September 2014 . The opening theme is " Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! " ( ストップ ! ! ひばりくん ! ) sung by Yuki Yukino and the ending theme is " Kongara Connection " ( コンガラ ・ コネクション ) sung by Ai Hoshino . 
 
 = = Reception and legacy = = 
 
 Psychologist Tamaki Saitō described Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! as achieving a " dizzying reality " with Hibari " by contrasting a girlish exterior with a male interior " , and went on to say that the series could be seen as a " continuation of the sartorial perversion lineage " of cross @-@ dressing characters . Manga critic Haruyuki Nakano has called Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! a unique and outstanding gag manga for its juxtaposition of Hibari being a boy and the heir to a yakuza organization . Nakano largely attributes this successful combination to Eguchi 's ability to draw girls that are not only cute , but also have good taste and sex appeal . The delicate touch in how Hibari is drawn has been described as so attractive that it makes the reader forget that it is a gag manga . 
 In writing for the magazine Cyzo , manga critic Jyamao wrote that because of its overall light and pop literary style , none of the indecency or immorality cross @-@ dressing may engender comes through , which he surmises is why the anime was able to air during prime time . Jyamao notes the more extreme nature of the jokes surrounding the yakuza characters in comparison to the jokes involving cross @-@ dressing , and that some jokes such as those involving drugs would not be humorous today . Manga commentator Nobunaga Minami lauded Eguchi for being a pioneer in drawing characters with a high fashion sense in Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! , which he says effectively changed fashion in shōnen manga from being seen as a " symbol " to now being treated as an " accessory " . Eguchi 's attention to detail is also praised , such as drawing Kōsaku wearing Chuck Taylor All @-@ Stars in one chapter . 
 The series has been called effervescent and having had a hand in paving the way for the J @-@ pop phenomenon . When Tegami Bachi author Hiroyuki Asada read Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! in junior high school , he admired its novel sensibility , and Eguchi 's art also influenced him . According to Eguchi , some people who read Stop ! ! Hibari @-@ kun ! were influenced to start cross @-@ dressing . 
 
 
 = Guitar Hero = 
 
 The Guitar Hero series ( sometimes referred to as the Hero series ) is a series of music rhythm games first published in 2005 by RedOctane and Harmonix , and distributed by Activision , in which players use a guitar @-@ shaped game controller to simulate playing lead , bass guitar , and rhythm guitar across numerous rock music songs . Players match notes that scroll on @-@ screen to colored fret buttons on the controller , strumming the controller in time to the music in order to score points , and keep the virtual audience excited . The games attempt to mimic many features of playing a real guitar , including the use of fast @-@ fingering hammer @-@ ons and pull @-@ offs and the use of the whammy bar to alter the pitch of notes . Most games support single player modes , typically a Career mode to play through all the songs in the game , and both competitive and cooperative multiplayer modes . With the introduction of Guitar Hero World Tour in 2008 , the game includes support for a four @-@ player band including vocals and drums . The series initially used mostly cover versions of songs created by WaveGroup Sound , but most recent titles feature soundtracks that are fully master recordings , and in some cases , special re @-@ recordings , of the songs . Later titles in the series feature support for downloadable content in the form of new songs . 
 In 2005 , RedOctane , a company specializing in the manufacture of unique game controllers , was inspired to create Guitar Hero based on RedOctane 's experience creating hardware for Konami 's Guitar Freaks arcade game . They enlisted Harmonix , who previously developed several music video games , for development assistance . The first game in the series was made on a budget of $ 1 million . The series became extremely successful , leading to the acquisition of RedOctane by Activision in 2007 . Harmonix was acquired by MTV Games and went on to create the Rock Band series of music games in the same vein as Guitar Hero . Activision brought Neversoft ( primarily known for their Tony Hawk series of skateboarding games ) on board for future development duties . Additional companies , such as Budcat Creations and Vicarious Visions have assisted in the adaptation of the games for other systems . 
 The series currently has eight major releases ( six Guitar Hero games , two DJ Hero games and Band Hero ) and five expansions on gaming consoles . There are spin @-@ offs for Windows and Macintosh systems , mobile phones , the Nintendo DS ( the Guitar Hero : On Tour series ) , and an arcade game . The Guitar Hero franchise was a primary brand during the emergence of the popularity of rhythm games as a cultural phenomenon in North America . Such games have been utilized as a learning and development tool for medical purposes . The first game in the series was considered by several journalists to be one of the most influential video games of the first decade of the 21st century . The series has sold more than 25 million units worldwide , earning US $ 2 billion at retail , claimed by Activision to be the 3rd largest game franchise after the Mario and Madden NFL franchises ; the third main title of the series , Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock is also claimed by Activision to be the first single video game title to exceed $ 1 billion in sales . 
 Despite early success , the series , along with the overall rhythm game genre , suffered from poor sales starting in 2009 . Activision had stated in early 2011 that the series was on hiatus for 2011 , while a seventh main title in the series was under development ; this title was later cancelled due to the poor quality of the emerging product . Activision later shut down sales of the series ' downloadable content , although users who purchased material from it previously may still play what they bought . 
 In 2015 , Activision announced the first new title to the series in 5 years , Guitar Hero Live , released in October 2015 . The title is considered a reboot of the series , with development being performed by FreeStyleGames , who had developed the DJ Hero games previously . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Origins and development at Harmonix ( 2005 @-@ 2006 ) = = = 
 
 Guitar Hero was created from a partnership between RedOctane , then their own company that produced specialized video game controllers , and Harmonix , a music video game development company who had previously produced Frequency , Amplitude and Karaoke Revolution . RedOctane was seeking to bring in a Guitar Freaks @-@ like game , highly popular in Japan at the time , into Western markets , and approached Harmonix about helping them to develop a music game involving a guitar controller . Both companies agreed to it , and went on to produce Guitar Hero in 2005 . The title was highly successful , leading to the development of its successful sequel Guitar Hero II in 2006 . While the original controllers for the first Guitar Hero game were designed by Ryan Lesser , Rob Kay , Greg LoPiccolo and Alex Rigopulous of Harmonix and built by the Honeybee Corporation of China , subsequent iterations and future controllers were developed inhouse at RedOctane , with development led primarily by Jack McCauley . 
 
 = = = Sale to Activision and development by Neversoft ( 2006 @-@ 2009 ) = = = 
 
 Both RedOctane and Harmonix experienced changes in 2006 . RedOctane was bought by Activision in June — who spent US $ 100 million to acquire the Guitar Hero franchise — while it was announced in October that Harmonix would be purchased by MTV Networks . As a result of the two purchases , Harmonix would no longer develop future games in the Guitar Hero series . Instead , that responsibility would go to Neversoft , a subsidiary of Activision known for developing the Tony Hawk 's series of skateboarding games . Neversoft was chosen to helm the Guitar Hero series after Neversoft founder , Joel Jewett , admitted to the RedOctane founders , Kai and Charles Huang , that his development team for Tony Hawk 's Project 8 went to work on weekends just to play Guitar Hero . Activision CEO Bobby Kotick believed that Neversoft would help them bring great games to the series , but on reflection , stated that had Activision explored Harmonix further as a continued developer for the series , things " may have turned out differently " . In addition , Activision began seeking other markets for the game ; a Nintendo DS version of the series was developed by Vicarious Visions , while a Guitar Hero Mobile series was created for mobile phones . The company also began considering the expansion of the series to band @-@ specific titles with Guitar Hero : Aerosmith . Later , in November 2008 , Activision acquired Budcat Creations , another development studio that had helped with the PlayStation 2 versions of Guitar Hero III and World Tour , announcing that they would be helping to develop another game in the Guitar Hero series . 
 In 2007 , Harmonix and MTV Games released a new music title through rival publisher Electronic Arts , called Rock Band . It expanded upon the gameplay popularized by the Guitar Hero series by adding drum and microphone instruments , allowing players to simulate playing songs as bands . Activision followed suit with the release of Guitar Hero World Tour in 2008 , which supported multiple instruments . In 2009 , Activision tripled its Guitar Hero offerings , and in addition to further continuation of the existing main series with Guitar Hero 5 and expansions , they introduced the titles Band Hero , geared towards more family @-@ friendly pop music , and DJ Hero , a game based on turntablism and featuring a number of mixes . With the release of Guitar Hero 5 , Activision considered the series to have moved away from its heavy metal basis into a broader selection of music . Guitar Hero 5 is the first game in the series to use a new version of the series ' logo ; previous games used a logo in a font with sharper " points " on the letters , which was considered " idiosyncratic with a vengeance " to match the games ' emphasis on heavy metal music . Activision used the services of the Pentagram design studio to refashion the game 's logo . Pentagram developed a new font , removing some of the " aggressive odd " features to make the typeface more suitable and amendable to design feature incorporation to other games such as Band Hero and DJ Hero . 
 
 = = = Decline and hiatus ( 2009 @-@ 2015 ) = = = 
 
 The results of the expanded offerings did not contribute well to the series , alongside the late @-@ 2000s recession ; sales of most rhythm games including Guitar Hero and DJ Hero did not meet expectations , falling about 50 % short of projected targets . Activision announced it would be cutting back to only 10 SKUs within 2010 instead of the 25 in 2009 . Though RedOctane and Neversoft continued to develop the 6th main game , Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock , until its completion , both studios were later shuttered by Activision , moving key personnel into Activision directly for future game development , and in the case of Neversoft , closing its Guitar Hero division , while transferring future development duties for the series to Vicarious Visions , another Activision studio which had been fundamental in building the Wii and Nintendo DS versions of the games . In November 2010 , Activision also closed Budcat Creations , the arm of the publisher that was primarily responsible for porting the Guitar Hero games to the PlayStation 2 . 
 Ahead of Activision 's 2010 fourth quarter financial report in February 2011 , Activision disbanded its Guitar Hero business unit and announced that it would cease development of the planned 2011 Guitar Hero game . Activision cited " continued declines in the music genre " to explain its decision . The closure also affected the DJ Hero series , as Activision stated that there were no plans to publish a music game during 2011 . Activision 's vice president Dan Winters later clarified that the company was " just putting Guitar Hero on hiatus " and that they were " just not making a new game for next year , that 's all " . 
 In a July 2011 interview with Forbes , Kotick stated that while the publisher was " going to stop selling Guitar Hero altogether " , they were " going to go back to the studios and we ’ re going to use new studios and reinvent " the series , but a former teammember of Vicarious Visions has stated that as of 2012 , all development of Guitar Hero has come to an end within Activision . Another source close to Vicarious Visions had reported to Kotaku that while Guitar Hero 7 was in development under an Activision studio , the game was considered a " disaster " . The cancelled game omitted the additional instruments and used only a guitar peripheral , redesigning the unit to include a 6 @-@ button mechanism replacing the strum bar ; the resulting unit was considered too expensive to manufacture and purchase . The developers had also started the game development from scratch to try to create new characters and venues that would be more reactive to the actual songs being played to give the feel of a music video , but ultimately this proved too much of a challenge and had to be scrapped . Further , with a limited budget , the song selection was limited to " low @-@ budget " hits of the 1990s , or at times reusing songs that had previously been included in Guitar Hero games . Though the team had a two @-@ year development cycle , it was closed down after Activision president Eric Hirshber had seen the current state of the project at the one @-@ year point . 
 Another potential Guitar Hero project was discovered by the archival site Unseen64 for a game titled Hero World , a massively multiplayer online game that would link the Guitar Hero and DJ Hero games . The game had been developed by FreeStyle Games , sometime after the release of DJ Hero 2 , with the main development duties passed to Virtual Fairground , using their platform The Ride , an Adobe Flash @-@ based platform that would let the game be played in a web browser . The game was cancelled in 2011 along with other pending Guitar Hero projects . 
 No further downloadable content for either Guitar Hero or DJ Hero was made after February 2011 , though Activision committed to releasing content that was already in development by that time due to fan response ; later , in a move described by Game Informer as " the final nail in [ the series ' ] coffins " , Activision announced it would discontinue all DLC sales for the series ( although customers can still play tracks they have already bought ) as of March 31 , 2014 . Though Activision had moved away from the Guitar Hero series , the lessons learned helped them and developer Toys for Bob to handle the manufacturing and outsourcing issues that came with the highly successful Skylanders toy and video game franchise . 
 
 = = = Guitar Hero Live = = = 
 
 In April 2015 , Activision announced a new entry in the series , titled Guitar Hero Live . The title was developed by Activision 's internal studio FreeStyleGames , who previously had worked on the DJ Hero spinoff titles . FreeStyleGames were given free reign to reboot the Guitar Hero series for next @-@ generation consoles . One of their first innovations was to drop the standard five @-@ button guitar controller , ultimately designing a six @-@ button guitar controller , with two rows of three buttons each , allowing them to mimic actual guitar fingering . Guitar Hero Live was released with both career and an online mode . The career mode used full @-@ motion video taken from the perspective of a lead guitarist underneath the note highway , to create an immersive experience to the player . The online mode , called GHTV , discarded the previous downloadable content approach and used a music video channel approach to stream playable songs to players , adding new songs to the catalog on a weekly basis . The game was released in October 2015 . 
 Though the game was praised as a reinvention of the Guitar Hero series , the game did not sell as well as Activision expected ; due to lowered forecasts , Activision let go of a significant fraction of FreeStyleGames ' developers . 
 
 = = Games = = 
 
 
 = = = Main titles = = = 
 
 The original Guitar Hero was released on the PlayStation 2 in November 2005 . Guitar Hero is notable because it comes packaged with a controller peripheral modeled after a black Gibson SG guitar . Rather than a typical gamepad , this guitar controller is the primary input for the game . Playing the game with the guitar controller simulates playing an actual guitar , except it uses five colored " fret buttons " and a " strum bar " instead of frets and strings . The development of Guitar Hero was inspired by Konami 's Guitar Freaks video game , which at the time , had not seen much exposure in the North American market ; RedOctane , already selling guitar @-@ shaped controllers for imported copies of GuitarFreaks , approached Harmonix about creating a game to use an entirely new Guitar controller . The concept was to have the gameplay of Amplitude with the visuals of Karaoke Revolution , both of which had been developed by Harmonix . The game was met with critical acclaim and received numerous awards for its innovative guitar peripheral and its soundtrack , which comprised 47 playable rock songs ( most of which were cover versions of popular songs from artists and bands from the 1960s through modern rock ) . Guitar Hero has sold nearly 1 @.@ 5 million copies to date . 
 The popularity of the series increased dramatically with the release of Guitar Hero II for the PlayStation 2 in 2006 . Featuring improved multiplayer gameplay , an improved note @-@ recognizing system , and 64 songs , it became the fifth best @-@ selling video game of 2006 . The PlayStation 2 version of the game was offered both separately and in a bundle with a cherry red Gibson SG guitar controller . Guitar Hero II was later released for the Xbox 360 in April 2007 with an exclusive Gibson Explorer guitar controller and an additional 10 songs , among other features . About 3 million units of Guitar Hero II have sold on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox 360 . 
 Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock was released in late 2007 for the PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , Wii , Microsoft Windows , and Mac OS X platforms . The title is the first installment of the series to include wireless guitars bundled with the game and also the first to release a special bundle with two guitars . The game includes Slash and Tom Morello as playable characters in addition to the existing fictional avatars ; both guitarists performed motion capture to be used for their characters ' animation in the game . 
 Guitar Hero World Tour , previously named Guitar Hero IV , is the fourth full game in the series and was released on October 26 , 2008 for PlayStation 2 , PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , and Wii . Analysts had expected that future Guitar Hero games in 2008 would include additional instrument peripherals to compete against Rock Band ; Guitar Hero World Tour was confirmed as in development following the announcement of the merger between Activision and Vivendi Games in December 2007 . Activision 's CEO Bobby Kotick announced on April 21 , 2008 that Guitar Hero World Tour will branch out into other instruments including vocals . Guitar Hero World Tour includes drums and vocals , and can be bought packaged with a new drum set controller , a microphone , and the standard guitar controller . A larger number of real @-@ world musicians appear as playable characters , including Jimi Hendrix , Billy Corgan , Hayley Williams , Zakk Wylde , Ted Nugent , Travis Barker , Sting , and Ozzy Osbourne . Guitar Hero World Tour also features custom song creation that can be shared with others . 
 Guitar Hero 5 , the fifth main entry in the series , was confirmed in December 2008 . It was released on September 1 , 2009 , and includes 85 songs from 83 different artists . The game includes new game modes and features , including its ' Party Mode , ' which gives players the ability to drop @-@ in and out and change difficulties in the middle of a song . Artists including Johnny Cash , Matt Bellamy , Carlos Santana , Kurt Cobain and Shirley Manson appear as playable characters in the game . 
 Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock , the sixth main console game in the series , was released on September 28 , 2010 . It is the last game in the series developed by Neversoft 's Guitar Hero division prior to its dissolution , with Vicarious Visions assisting on the Wii version with added Nintendo DS functionality . The game has been described as returning to the roots of the Guitar Hero series ; while it still allows for full band play , the soundtrack 's focus is on rock and roll music and an emphasis on guitar " shredding " . The game introduced a career @-@ based " Quest Mode " , narrated by Gene Simmons , that guides the players to complete songs to unlock " warriors of rock " to join them in saving " demigod of rock " and his guitar from his imprisonment by " the Beast " . 
 Following a five @-@ year hiatus , as described below , Activision announced Guitar Hero Live for release in late 2015 on most seventh @-@ generation and eighth @-@ generation consoles . Live was developed to rebuild the game from the ground up , and while the gameplay remains similar to the earlier titles , focusing primarily on the lead guitar , it uses a 3 @-@ button guitar controller with each button having " up " and " down " positions , making for more complex tabulators . The game using live footage of a rock concert , taken from the perspective of the lead guitarist , as to provide a more immersive experience . 
 
 = = = Series expansions = = = 
 
 Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s for the PlayStation 2 , which was released in July 2007 , was the final game developed by Harmonix for the series . Though it was produced after Harmonix were purchased by MTV Games , it was part of their contractual obligation to complete the game . The game , as suggested by its name , features tracks primarily from the 1980s . 
 Guitar Hero : Aerosmith was the first band @-@ centric game for the series . On September 4 , 2007 , Billboard announced that the band Aerosmith was " working closely with the makers of Guitar Hero IV , which will be dedicated to the group 's music . " On February 15 , 2008 , Activision announced that Guitar Hero : Aerosmith would be released on June 29 , 2008 . Guitar Hero : Aerosmith is developed by Neversoft for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions , while the Wii version of the game is developed by Vicarious Visions and the PlayStation 2 version is developed by Budcat Creations . The game features a track selection composed of 60 % of Aerosmith songs , with other songs from Joe Perry 's solo work or artists that have inspired or performed with Aerosmith , including Run D.M.C .. 
 The series ' next band @-@ centric title , Guitar Hero : Metallica , was released on March 29 , 2009 . Guitar Hero : Metallica is based on the full band experience of World Tour while offering similar features on Metallica 's history and music as found in Guitar Hero : Aerosmith . In addition , Metallica 's album , Death Magnetic , was available as downloadable content for Guitar Hero III simultaneously with the release of the album , with the content being forward @-@ compatible with Guitar Hero World Tour and Guitar Hero : Metallica . Since the PlayStation 2 version does not support downloading , three extra songs were included from Death Magnetic and are as follows : " Broken , Beat , and Scarred " , " Cyanide " , and " My Apocalypse " . A new feature in the game , where the drummer can access a mode called Expert + , has also been added . Expert + mode was implemented to allow faster bass pedal beats , fast to the point where it would normally be out of the playable range of a single bass pedal , and was intended for a dual bass pedal . 
 Guitar Hero Smash Hits ( titled Guitar Hero : Greatest Hits in Europe and Australia ) was released in June 2009 . It features full @-@ band versions of 48 songs from earlier Guitar Hero games that only used the guitar controller . Unlike the previous versions , each of the songs is based on a master recording that includes some live tracks . The game follows a similar model as Guitar Hero : Metallica , and was developed by Neversoft and Beenox Studios for the PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PlayStation 2 , and Wii . 
 Guitar Hero : Van Halen was released on December 22 , 2009 , though customers that purchased Guitar Hero 5 under a special promotion received a copy of the game early . Like the other band @-@ centric games , Guitar Hero : Van Halen includes 25 songs from the band Van Halen , including 3 guitar solos by Eddie Van Halen , in addition to 19 guest acts such as Queen , Weezer , Blink @-@ 182 , Foo Fighters , The Offspring and Queens of the Stone Age . 
 Another new title to the series , Band Hero , was announced in May 2009 . Band Hero features Top 40 hits aimed at family audiences , and include the full band play style of Guitar Hero 5 . The game was developed for the Nintendo DS , using the Guitar Hero On Tour Guitar Grip , a new " drum skin " to fit the DS Lite , and the DS 's microphone to support the full band experience . Musician Taylor Swift appears as a playable character in the game , as do the members of No Doubt . 
 DJ Hero was announced by Activision in May 2009 . Prior to the announcement , the company had purchased FreeStyleGames , a small developer of music games , to help produce localized downloadable content for Guitar Hero games and a then @-@ unannounced music game , later revealed to be DJ Hero . DJ Hero uses a special turntable @-@ based controller for players to perform with on various song mixes in the game . The game also incorporates the use of a Guitar Hero controller on ten specially arranged tracks ; Bright has suggested that future Guitar Hero games after Guitar Hero 5 may include the use of the turntable control . 
 A sequel , DJ Hero 2 , was officially announced in June 2010 for release in the last quarter of 2010 , featuring more than 70 mashups from over 85 artists . The game includes several new gameplay modes , including an " Empire " career mode , head @-@ to @-@ head DJ battles , social multiplayer modes , and a jump @-@ in and out Party Play mode similar to Guitar Hero 5 . The game also includes more vocal options for singing and rapping to songs , and a freestyle mode for players . 
 
 = = = Portable versions = = = 
 
 Guitar Hero : On Tour was released on the Nintendo DS hand @-@ held system on June 22 , 2008 . The game includes a peripheral , dubbed the " Guitar Grip " , a rectangular device that fits into the second slot of the Nintendo DS or DS Lite . The peripheral only features the first four fret buttons and a strap so the Nintendo DS can be held sideways comfortably for play . The game also includes a guitar pick shaped stylus for use with strumming in the game , which players move across the touchscreen . Guitar Hero : On Tour was developed by Vicarious Visions , who also ported the Guitar Hero games to Nintendo 's Wii console . 
 A sequel , Guitar Hero On Tour : Decades , was released in November 2008 , featuring music spanning four decades . A third title in the series , Guitar Hero On Tour : Modern Hits , was announced following various rumors of its existence , and was released in June 2009 , featuring songs recorded since the year 2000 . Both games use the " Guitar Grip " controller , and allow two players to compete against each other using any version of the On Tour series , with songs being shared between versions . 
 Band Hero was also ported to the Nintendo DS by Vicarious Visions , expanding the play to include vocals ( through the DS microphone ) and drumming . The drumming uses a special " drum skin " adapter designed for the Nintendo DS Lite to map the unit 's face buttons to four drum pads . However , the peripheral is not compatible with the original Nintendo DS model or the Nintendo DSi . However , since the drum skin is not electronic but a rubber cover switch that duplicates certain buttons on the DS Lite , a player can simply press the buttons in time to play the drums . The game includes four @-@ player local wireless play in a similar manner as Guitar Hero 5 allowing any combination of instruments to be used . The game has a set of 30 songs ; some are from Band Hero and others are from several Guitar Hero games ' set lists . 
 Guitar Hero : On Tour does not work on the Nintendo DSi and Nintendo 3DS because unlike the Nintendo DS , they do not have Game Boy Advance slots . Band Hero is limited to vocals and drums on the two consoles for the same reason . 
 
 = = = Mobile phone versions = = = 
 
 Guitar Hero III Mobile was released for mobile phones in 2007 and 2008 , and was developed by MachineWorks Northwest LLC . The base version of the game includes 15 songs from both Guitar Hero II and Guitar Hero III , and has released a three @-@ song add @-@ on pack every month since January 2008 . The title has been downloaded by users one million times , with both Verizon and Hands @-@ On Mobile claiming that over 250 @,@ 000 songs are played a day on the platform . The two companies produced two other mobile @-@ based Guitar Hero games ; Guitar Hero III : Backstage Pass , released in July 2008 , adds role @-@ playing elements to manage the band 's success in addition to the core rhythm game , while the mobile version of Guitar Hero World Tour , released in December 2008 , expands each included track for play on both lead guitar and drums , mimicking the expansion of the console series to the full band . 
 Glu Mobile developed the mobile version of Guitar Hero 5 , released in the last quarter of 2009 . 
 
 = = = Other games = = = 
 
 Activision and RedOctane also worked with Basic Fun , Inc. to produce Guitar Hero Carabiner , a handheld electronic game that features 30 and 60 @-@ second clips of ten of the songs from Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero II . 
 Activision and Konami , who had previously worked together to make sure that the Guitar Hero series meets with Konami 's patents on music games , developed an arcade console version of the game , titled Guitar Hero Arcade , distributed to arcades in early 2009 . The game is completely based on the Guitar Hero III gameplay , but reducing some of the features such as the use of the Whammy bar , Star Power Button ( Star Power may only be activated by lifting the Guitar ) and Practice Modes , but keeping the ability to download new songs for the cabinet from the Internet . The arcade game has come under some scrutiny by the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers ( ASCAP ) , who believe the use of the game in arcades is equivalent to " public performances " and seek additional fees to be paid by operators of the game . 
 
 = = = Planned games = = = 
 
 No more Guitar Hero games were released on the PlayStation 2 after 2009 , with the double release of Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero . It was expected that the 2010 entry for Guitar Hero , Warriors of Rock , would be the final entry developed by Neversoft , based on claims that Neversoft would be letting go of its Guitar Hero division , with Vicarious Visions likely poised to take over future development . Further industry rumors pointed at the closure of RedOctane Studios and Underground Development ( the development studio for Guitar Hero : Van Halen ) as further results from the scaling @-@ back ; Activision moved the controller hardware development within their own division to continue to support the series , with RedOctane founders Kai and Charles Huang remaining with Activision . A week prior to these announcements , the Guitar Hero division CEO at Activision , Dan Rosensweig , left the company , leading to some speculation on whether Rosensweig 's departure influenced these changes . Activision and RedOctane had trademarked the titles " Guitar Villain " , " Drum Villain " , " Keyboard Hero " and " Sing Hero " . RedOctane originally trademarked the titles " Drum Hero " and " Band Hero " , but the work performed towards the Drum Hero title was eventually folded into the gameplay for Guitar Hero World Tour , and Band Hero became its own game . Later , as of October 2009 , Activision reapplied for a Drum Hero trademark . Pi Studios , which had previously helped to port Rock Band to the Wii , had started work on the karaoke title Sing Hero before Activision cancelled its development . 
 Dave Mustaine , frontman for Megadeth , stated he had been in talks with Activision and Neversoft for a Guitar Hero @-@ related product . It was later revealed that Dave Mustaine was working with Activision for music in Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock , including an original track ( " Sudden Death " ) recorded specifically for the game . 
 Two Guitar Hero products that were announced but never released were a Red Hot Chili Peppers @-@ themed title and a PlayStation Portable title that would have featured a drum component . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 The core gameplay of the Guitar Hero games is a rhythm game similar to Konami 's Guitar Freaks and to a lesser extent Harmonix 's previous music games such as Frequency and Amplitude . The guitar controller is recommended for play , although a standard console controller can be used instead . However , the guitar controller has been required for play ever since the inclusion of drum and vocal parts in the series . The game supports toggling the handedness of the guitar , allowing both left @-@ handed and right @-@ handed players to utilize the guitar controller . 
 While playing the game , an extended guitar neck is shown vertically on the screen ( the frets horizontal ) , often called the " note highway " , and as the song progresses , colored markers or " gems " indicating notes travel down the screen in time with the music ; the note colors and positions match those of the five fret keys on the guitar controller . Once the note ( s ) reach the bottom , the player must play the indicated note ( s ) by holding down the correct fret button ( s ) and hitting the strumming bar in order to score points . Success or failure will cause the on @-@ screen Rock Meter to change , showing how well the player is playing ( denoted by red , yellow , and green sections ) . Should the Rock Meter drop below the red section , the song will automatically end , with the player booed off the stage by the audience . Successful note hits will add to the player 's score , and by hitting a long series of consecutive successful note hits , the player can increase their score multiplier . There is a window of time for hitting each note , similar to other rhythm games such as Dance Dance Revolution , but unlike these games , scoring in Guitar Hero is not affected by accuracy ; as long as the note is hit within that window , the player receives the same number of points . 
 Selected special segments of the song will have glowing notes outlined by stars : successfully hitting all notes in this series will fill the " Star Power Meter " . The Star Power Meter can also be filled by using the whammy bar during sustained notes within these segments . Once the Star Power Meter is at least half full , the player can activate " Star Power " by pressing the select button or momentarily lifting the guitar into a vertical position . When Star Power is activated , the scoring multiplier is doubled until Star Power is depleted . The Rock Meter also increases more dramatically when Star Power is activated , making it easier for the player to make the Rock Meter stay at a high level . Thus , Star Power can be used strategically to play difficult sections of a song that otherwise might cause the player to fail . In the earlier entries of the series ( up until Guitar Hero : Aerosmith ) , activating Star Power meant that players could not accrue more Star Power until the Star Power meter was fully drained and the effect ended . Starting with Guitar Hero : World Tour , more Star Power can be collected even if the effect is active by completing more Star Power phrases , extending the Star Power 's duration by doing so . When playing in cooperative play ( with a bassist / rhythm guitarist in Guitar Hero II through Guitar Hero : Aerosmith or as a band in Guitar Hero : World Tour ) , Star Power is shared between all the players and activation of Star Power is dependent on all players simultaneously activating it . 
 Notes can be a single note , or composed of two to five notes that make a chord . Both single notes and chords can also be sustained , indicated by a colored line following the note marker ; the player can hold the sustained note ( s ) keys down for the entire length for additional points . During a sustained note , a player may use the whammy bar on the guitar to alter the tone of the note . Also , regardless of whether sustains are hit early or late , if the fret is held for the full duration of the hold , the game will always award the same amount of score increase for the note . In addition , the games support virtual implementations of " hammer @-@ ons " and " pull @-@ offs " , guitar @-@ playing techniques that are used to successfully play a fast series of notes by only changing the fingering on the fret buttons without having to strum each note . Sequences where strumming is not required are indicated on @-@ screen by notes with a white outline at the top of the marker instead of the usual black one , with Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock adding a white @-@ glowing effect to make these notes clearer . Guitar Hero World Tour features transparent notes that are connected by a purple outline ; players may either simply tap the correct fret for these notes without strumming or utilize a touchpad on World Tour 's guitar controller to mimic the slide technique . In addition , notes can now be played while a sustained note is being played . World Tour also adds an open string note for bass players , represented by a line across the fret instead of any note gems , that is played by strumming without holding down any fret buttons ( the sixth installment , Warriors of Rock , features an open note sustain for bass instruments as well ) . 
 Guitar Hero World Tour introduced drums and vocal tracks in addition to lead and bass guitar . Drum tracks are played similar to guitar tracks ; the player must strike the appropriate drum head or step down on the bass drum pedal on the controller when the note gems pass the indicated line . Certain note gems , when using a drum controller that is velocity @-@ sensitive , are " armored " , requiring the player to hit the indicated drum pad harder to score more points . Vocal tracks are played similar to games such as Karaoke Revolution where the player must match the pitch and the pacing of the lyrics to score points . Guitar Hero 5 allows players to create a band of up to four players using any combination of instruments . 
 While the song is playing , the background visuals feature the players ' chosen avatar , along with the rest of the band performing in one of several real and fictional venues . The reaction of the audience is based on the performance of the player judged by the Rock Meter . Guitar Hero II added special lighting and other stage effects that were synchronized to the music to provide a more complete concert experience . The games developed by Neversoft feature a simple storyline , usually about a band 's quest for fame , which is told through animations played throughout the game . These animations were created by Chris Prynoski and his studio , Titmouse , Inc . , who have also done animations for the animated show Metalocalypse . 
 
 = = = Game modes = = = 
 
 The main mode of play in the Guitar Hero games is Career Mode , where the player and in @-@ game band travel between various fictional performance arenas and perform sets of four to six songs . It is by completing songs in this mode that the songs are unlocked for play across the rest of the game . Players can choose their on @-@ stage character , their guitar of choice , and the venue in which they wish to play . In this mode , the player can earn money from his / her performances that is redeemable at the in @-@ game store , where bonus songs , additional guitars and finishes , your characters clothing and bonus content can be unlocked . Quick Play mode is a quicker method of playing songs , as it allows the player to select a track and difficulty , selecting the character , venue , and guitar and guitar skin for the player based on the song chosen . After successfully completing a song , the player is given a score , a percentage of how many notes they hit and a rating from three to five stars , and two in rare cases depending on his / her final score on the song , with money being awarded in Guitar Hero World Tour . 
 The games have also added multiplayer modes . Cooperative modes allow two players to play lead and either bass or rhythm guitar on the same song , working together towards the same score . A competitive Face @-@ Off mode allows two players to play against each other at different difficulty levels , each attempting to earn the best score on a song . Each player plays different portions of the song . There is also a Pro Face @-@ Off mode , where two players battle at the same difficulty level . Unlike standard Face @-@ off , each player attempts to play all of the notes in a song , while still trying to earn the highest score . In Guitar Hero World Tour this was advanced on , as players could play a Pro Face @-@ Off game against each other on any difficulty level , the lower your difficulty , the more points were awarded so a player on a low difficulty could potentially beat a player on a more challenging difficulty . Guitar Hero III introduced Boss Battles , in which two players face off against each other , attempt to collect " distractions " to throw at their opponent , trying to make them fail . With Guitar Hero World Tour , up to four players can play cooperatively on lead and bass guitar , drums , and vocals , while a total of eight players can compete in a Battle of the Bands . The Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii versions of the games support multiplayer modes over their respective network services . 
 The four difficulty levels for each song afford the player a learning curve in order to help him / her progress in skill . The first difficulty level , Easy , only focuses on the first three fret buttons while displaying a significantly reduced amount of notes for the player to play . Medium introduces the fourth ( blue ) fret button , and Hard includes the final fret button while adding additional notes . The addition of the orange fret button forces players to move their fingers up and down the neck . Expert does not introduce any other frets to learn , but adds more notes in a manner designed to challenge the player and to simulate the player 's hands to move in a sequence similar to a real guitar . A difficulty added in World Tour is Beginner , which only requires the player to strum to the basic rhythm ; holding the fret buttons becomes unnecessary . Another new difficulty only for drums was added to Metallica known as Expert + , which uses the double bass pedal . 
 Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock is the sixth installment in the franchise and introduced a new take on the Career mode of previous games . Rather than being a quest for fame and glory with the band travelling through different venues , Warriors of Rock features the " Quest Mode " as the primary campaign mode . Quest Mode tells the story of an ancient warrior who was defeated by a powerful monster and his mystical guitar was lost . The player must amass a team of rockers to help recover this guitar and defeat the monster ( called " The Beast " ) . As the player progresses through the mode , the rockers joining them will transform based on the number of stars earned from songs played . These transformations will empower the player with extra abilities in a song such as constant score multipliers or Star Power bonuses . These abilities are each unique to the individual rockers and by using them effectively , it is possible now to earn up to forty stars for a single song . 
 
 = = = Characters and customization = = = 
 
 When playing through Career mode or in other parts of the Guitar Hero games , the player has the option to select one of several pre @-@ created avatar characters , who will be shown performing on stage as the player attempts a song , but otherwise has no effect on the gameplay . A certain number of characters are available at the start of the game , but the player must spend in @-@ game money earned by successful performances to unlock other characters . Many of the characters reappear throughout the series , with the character roster changing as new characters are added or removed . Standby characters that have appeared in nearly all the games include the metalhead Axel Steel , extreme / Viking / thrash metalhead Lars Ümlaut , punk rocker Johnny Napalm , alternative rocker Judy Nails , and hard rocker Casey Lynch . The developers utilized these characters in more detail within Warriors of Rock , where each was given a unique setlist and venue based on their musical style , as well as a unique power within the game 's Quest mode . 
 Several games in the series feature caricatures of celebrity artists , such as Slash , Tom Morello and Bret Michaels in Guitar Hero III , Ozzy Osbourne and Jimi Hendrix in World Tour , Kurt Cobain in Guitar Hero 5 , and Taylor Swift and the band No Doubt in Band Hero . The band @-@ specific games , Aerosmith , Metallica , and Van Halen also feature the members of the respective bands . However , in late 2009 , both Courtney Love and the members of No Doubt sought legal action against Activision for the misuse of their in @-@ game characters singing or performing songs by other artists , which the musicians believe fell outside of their contract . 
 The ability for the players to create their own avatars was added in Guitar Hero World Tour , and was based on Neversoft 's existing character creation tools from the Tony Hawk series . Later games on the Xbox 360 and Wii allowed players to use the respective console 's avatars as members of the band . In addition to unlocking characters , in @-@ game money can be used to buy clothing , accessories and instruments that they are seen playing with . The guitars can also be customized with special finishes purchasable through the in @-@ game store . Guitar Hero World Tour includes the ability to fully customize any component of the guitar . The in @-@ game store in the series is also used to unlock bonus songs or special videos with interviews about the game or with the artists involved . 
 
 = = = Soundtracks = = = 
 
 Most of the games in the Guitar Hero series feature a selection of songs ranging from the 1960s to present day rock music from both highly successful artists and bands and independent groups . Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s features songs primarily from the 1980s , while Guitar Hero : Aerosmith , Metallica , and Van Halen feature music from the respective bands and groups that inspired or worked with the bands . Songs with profanities have been censored . 
 Many of the Guitar Hero games developed for the recent generation of consoles ( Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Wii ) support downloadable content , allowing players to purchase new songs to play in the respective titles . Songs each cost approximately $ 2 through the various online stores for the console 's platform . Prior to Guitar Hero 5 , downloadable content for earlier games will not work in other games in the series , save for songs from Metallica 's Death Magnetic , which were available for Guitar Hero III , World Tour , and Metallica . Existing World Tour downloadable content for World Tour will be forward @-@ compatible with Guitar Hero 5 , Band Hero and Guitar Hero Warriors of Rock , and for a small fee , some songs from both Guitar Hero World Tour and Guitar Hero Smash Hits can be exported to both Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero , limited by music licensing . Activision has also stated that they are considering a monthly subscription service to deliver downloadable content to user for future games . Guitar Hero World Tour introduced a music creation mode that will allow players to create and share songs ( excluding vocals ) via the " GHTunes " service , which was also used in all other Guitar Hero games and Band Hero since its inclusion . The creation tools were improved with Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero to allow longer songs and other means of generating songs in real @-@ time . 
 In the first two games and the 2007 expansion Guitar Hero Encore : Rocks the 80s , the majority of the songs on the main career mode set lists are covers of the original song ; for example , a song may be presented as " Free Bird as made famous by Lynyrd Skynyrd " . Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock introduces a much larger range of original recordings , and World Tour featured a setlist that contained all master recordings . The covers throughout the games are mostly recreated by WaveGroup Sound who has worked before to create songs for Beatmania , Dance Dance Revolution , and Karaoke Revolution , making small changes to the guitar portions to make them more adaptable for gameplay . Almost all of the unlockable bonus songs are songs performed by the original artist for the game ( the only exception is the song " She Bangs the Drums " by The Stone Roses , which is featured in Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock ) . 
 Prior to the release of Guitar Hero III : Legends of Rock , Activision worked with the iTunes Store to provide more than 1300 tracks of Guitar Hero @-@ related music across more than 20 compilations , including most of the tracks from the games in the series , called " Guitar Hero Essentials " . These compilations , such as " Killer Guitar Solos " and " Guitar Anthems of the ' 80s " , include songs related to but not contained within the Guitar Hero series . Dusty Welch of RedOctane stated , " Where there ’ s music , there ’ s Guitar Hero , and with iTunes , we are able to provide fans with a central location for downloading their favorite rock anthems . " Following the merger of Activision and Blizzard , the new company announced that it planned on creating an alternative to iTunes based on the Guitar Hero brand that would allow for downloading songs and their associated note tracks for the Guitar Hero games . 
 
 = = Reception and sales = = 
 
 Games in the Guitar Hero series have been generally well received by critics . The initial games were highly praised by reviewers . Neversoft 's first entry to the series , Guitar Hero III , was considered to be too difficult , with many difficult songs presenting players with " walls of notes " ; the developers later acknowledged this . Subsequent efforts in Guitar Hero : Aerosmith and Guitar Hero World Tour were seen to have some improvements , with Guitar Hero : Metallica considered to be a well @-@ polished title and , at that time , the best Guitar Hero title Neversoft has produced . Guitar Hero 5 's improvements toward social gameplay were complemented by reviewers and considered a further improvement upon the series . Entertainment Weekly put it on its end @-@ of @-@ the @-@ decade , " best @-@ of " list , saying , " An addictive videogame provides the illusion of musical mastery for even the least gifted : . How do you get to Carnegie Hall ? Tap , tap , tap . " 
 Upon release , the first game was seen as an unexpected hit , earning over US $ 45 million with about 1 @.@ 5 million copies sold . Guitar Hero II was significantly more financially successful , with over 1 @.@ 3 million copies sold and sales over US $ 200 million . Guitar Hero III , according to Activision , was the first single video game to sell more than US $ 1 billion at retail , with nearly 3 @.@ 5 million copies sold during the first seven months of 2008 . World Tour continued the series ' high sales records with 3 @.@ 4 million units sold in the United States during 2008 . More than 60 million downloadable tracks have been purchased across the series as of February 2010 . Both Guitar Hero III and World Tour were listed on a March 2011 list from the NPD Group of top grossing games in unadjusted sales in the United States since 1995 ; Guitar Hero III tops the list with total sales of $ 830 @.@ 9 million . 
 Overall , the Guitar Hero series has sold more than 25 million units worldwide , earning US $ 2 billion at retail . Activision claimed the series to be the 3rd largest game franchise in 2009 after the Mario and Madden NFL franchises . 
 
 = = Cultural impact = = 
 
 The Guitar Hero series has made a significant cultural impact , becoming a " cultural phenomenon " . The series has helped to rekindle music education in children , influenced changes in both the video game and music industry , has found use in health and treatment of recovering patients , and has become part of the popular culture vernacular . Several journalists , including 1UP.com , Wired , G4TV , the San Jose Mercury News , Inc . , The Guardian , and Advertising Age , considered Guitar Hero to be one of the most influential products of the first decade of the 21st century , attributing it as the spark leading to the growth of the rhythm game market , for boosting music sales for both new and old artists , for introducing more social gaming concepts to the video game market , and , in conjunction with the Wii , for improving interactivity with gaming consoles . 
 
 = = Legal and practical issues = = 
 
 
 = = = PlayStation 3 incompatibility = = = 
 
 Sony 's PlayStation 3 console has no compatibility with the PlayStation 2 Guitar Hero controller on the system . While Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero II are fully backward @-@ compatible through the hardware PlayStation 2 emulation in the initial North American release of the console , it was impossible at launch to use the guitar controller to play either game . Kai Huang , of RedOctane , states that they are " working on that with Sony right now – looking at how we can get all the PlayStation 2 guitars that are out there , and all the owners of them , to use them on the PlayStation 3 . " Nyko , an accessories company , was poised to make a special PlayStation 2 controller adapter for the PlayStation 3 , but put the product on hold due to technical difficulties . Tac , another accessories company , also made a PlayStation 2 controller adapter for a PlayStation 3 game console so players could use their Guitar Hero guitar controllers that were made for the PlayStation 2 with a PlayStation 3 . However , the May 2007 PlayStation 3 V1.80 system update has made the guitar controller compatible with generic PlayStation 2 controller to USB adapters when playing Guitar Hero and Guitar Hero II . In addition , Pelican Accessories has released a special controller adapter that supports both games , including the ability to switch the handedness of the guitar . 
 
 = = = Patent litigation = = = 
 
 Gibson Guitar Corporation , whose guitar likenesses have appeared in the Guitar Hero series from the first game to Guitar Hero Aerosmith , informed Activision on January 7 , 2008 , that it believed the games infringe its U.S. Patent 5 @,@ 990 @,@ 405 . Gibson claimed that this covers technology that simulates a concert performance via pre @-@ recorded audio and a musical instrument . In response , Activision filed a suit seeking a declaration that it was not in violation of the Gibson patent ; Activision also asserted that Gibson had given an implied license by waiting to assert the patent and that the patent was invalid . On March 17 , 2008 , Gibson sued six retailers ( GameStop , Amazon.com , Wal @-@ Mart , Target , Toys " R " Us and Kmart ) for selling Guitar Hero products . Subsequently , on March 21 , 2008 , Gibson also filed a lawsuit against EA , MTV , and Harmonix over their game Rock Band also for violation of its patent , to which a Harmonix spokesperson stated that Gibson 's claims are " completely without merit " . Activision lawyer Mary Tuck stated in their legal filings that they believe that Gibson initiated the lawsuit due to the fact that " Activision was not [ interested ] in renewing the License and Marketing Support Agreement " with Gibson Guitars . In February 2009 , the United States District Court for the Central District of California ruled against Gibson in their case against Activision , stating that the controllers are not musical instruments but " toys that represent other items " , and that Gibson 's patent only covers instruments that send out analog signals . Activision and Gibson settled the suit following this ruling . 
 Activision , through John Devecka , owns all of Devecka Enterprises ' US and international patents that deal with music games . All patents issued by the USPTO are presumed valid . 
 In February 2010 , Activision was sued by the Patent Compliance Group ( PCG ) for releasing Guitar Hero products with false patent claims , with the PCG asserting that games like Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero were marked with up to 10 patents that are not used within the games along with several other improper patent pending claims . PCG claims that " Acts of false marketing deter innovation and stifle competition in the marketplace . " PCG 's qui tam lawsuit is seeking up to $ 500 per unit sold if Activision is found liable . 
 
 = = = Oversaturation = = = 
 
 Many critics believed that the number of releases of Guitar Hero games was " milking " the brand name and oversaturating the market . PaRappa the Rapper creator Masaya Matsuura stated that the video game market was growing stale and needed to move beyond games that simply challenge the player to mimic the playing of licensed music . Ryan Geddes of IGN stated that he " hit the wall with play @-@ along music games " , and challenged the game makers to explore other ways to combine music and video games . Analysts stated that such games must continue to innovate instead of just providing more songs in order to prevent " genre fatigue " . Jesse Divnich of Electronic Entertainment and Design Research commented that , much like Dance Dance Revolution , Guitar Hero and other music games explosively grew initially due to significant new features from other games but have become stagnant due to focusing on content over features , and suggested that for the genre to continue to grow , they must look to incremental changes as done with the first @-@ person shooter genre . Former CEO for RedOctane , Kelly Sumner , believed that Activision " abused " the series , as " they tried to get too much out of the franchise too quickly " . 
 The series has also been criticized for its release model in contrast to the Rock Band series , causing some players to hold contempt towards Activision . Harmonix considered the Rock Band series as a " music platform " , and supported it with downloadable content and the ability to import songs from its games and expansions into most other games of the series . Critics argued that Guitar Hero should have been doing the same , either through releasing expansions that could be incorporated into the main games of the series , or by issuing the songs as downloadable content . The release of Guitar Hero : Smash Hits , reworking older songs from the series to full four @-@ instrument band support but otherwise adding no additional material , was called " the definition of ' milking ' " by reviewers , with no observable technical limitation as to why the songs could not be added as downloadable content . Ars Technica recognized that licensing issues might have limited when songs from one single game could be played in others of the series ( such as the case for The Beatles : Rock Band ) , but that such cross @-@ compatibility should have been a high priority for rhythm games . Furthermore , some expansions were praised for the additional content beyond the note @-@ matching gameplay ; Guitar Hero : Metallica is considered to be one of the series ' best works to be developed by Neversoft in part due to the care that the developers took with imaging the band and the available extras for the game . Activision later revealed that both Guitar Hero 5 and Band Hero would support playing songs from both Guitar Hero World Tour ( both on @-@ disc and downloadable content ) and Guitar Hero Smash Hits , with music licensing being the only limiting factor on which songs could be made forward @-@ compatible . 
 The large number of Guitar Hero and Rock Band titles on the market is considered to be partially responsible for the sharp decline of music game sales in the latter half of 2009 , along with the effects of the late @-@ 2000s recession . The market for rhythm games was $ 1 @.@ 4 billion in 2008 , but dropped to $ 700 million in 2009 even though more titles were available that year . Former Neversoft project director Brian Bright noted that at one point in 2009 , they were responsible for the release of three games that year ( Guitar Hero 5 , Metallica , and Band Hero ) and supporting other studios for the development of two additional games , causing the studio to lose focus both in development and marketing efforts . According to Bright , sales of all the Guitar Hero games released in 2009 totaled the number of sales of the 2008 title World Tour , demonstrating the dilution of the marketing . Though Activision had originally planned on tripling the offerings of the Guitar Hero series in 2010 , the company readjusted their plans , reducing the number of offerings and focusing more on selling digital downloadable content for the series . Only two titles , Guitar Hero : Warriors of Rock and DJ Hero 2 were released in 2010 , both scheduled for the " back half of 2010 " . Analysts believe that the market will evolve to support a smaller number of titles each year , averaging at a " healthy " value $ 500 – 600 million in revenues annually . Kotick believed that part of the downfall of Guitar Hero was due to Activision 's introduction of DJ Hero , which they gave too much focus and left the core Guitar Hero games without the " nourishment and care " needed to continue to innovate in the series . 
 Activision Publishing chief executive Mike Griffith , in response to questions about Activision 's approach to the Guitar Hero market , noted that Guitar Hero continues to outsell the Rock Band series in both number of sales and revenue , with consumers continuing to buy the separate games on the market , and considered the market acceptance of the multiple games as validation for their model . Regardless , after releasing 25 different SKUs ( between games and bundle packages ) in 2009 , Activision opted to reduce that number to 10 in 2010 , recognizing the music game genre was not as profitable as it once was . Activision later opted to put future development of the series on hold in early 2011 citing weak sales in the rhythm game genre , a move that many journalists attributed to Activision 's earlier oversaturation . 
 
 = = List of games = = 
 
 All games are published by Activision , except the first Guitar Hero and the PS2 version of Guitar Hero II , which were published by RedOctane . 
 
 
 = Fieldfare = 
 
 The fieldfare ( Turdus pilaris ) is a member of the thrush family Turdidae . It breeds in woodland and scrub in northern Europe and Asia . It is strongly migratory , with many northern birds moving south during the winter . It is a very rare breeder in the British Isles , but winters in large numbers in the United Kingdom , Southern Europe , North Africa and the Middle East . It is omnivorous , eating a wide range of molluscs , insects and earthworms in the summer , and berries , grain and seeds in the winter . 
 Fieldfares often nest in small colonies , possibly for protection from predators . The nest is built in a tree where five or six eggs are laid . The chicks are fed by both parents and leave the nest after a fortnight . There may be two broods in southern parts of the range but only one further north . Migrating birds and wintering birds often form large flocks , often in the company of Redwings . 
 The fieldfare is 25 cm ( 10 in ) long , with a grey crown , neck and rump , a plain brown back , dark wings and tail and white underwings . The breast and flanks are heavily spotted . The breast has a reddish wash and the rest of the underparts are white . The sexes are similar in appearance but the females are slightly more brown . The male has a simple chattering song and the birds have various guttural flight and alarm calls . 
 
 = = Etymology = = 
 
 The English common name fieldfare dates back to at least the eleventh century . The Anglo @-@ Saxon word feldefare perhaps meant traveller through the fields . 
 The species was described by Linnaeus in his Systema naturae ( 1758 ) under its current scientific name . The name Turdus pilaris comes from two separate Latin words for thrush . No subspecies are recognised . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The fieldfare is easily recognisable with its slate @-@ grey head , nape and rump , dark brown back , blackish tail and boldly speckled breast . In flight , its white under wing @-@ coverts and axillaries are conspicuous . The harsh flight call " tsak tsak " is also distinctive . 
 The forehead and crown of the male are bluish @-@ grey and each feather has a central brownish @-@ black band . The lores and under @-@ eye regions are black and there are faint , pale streaks above the eyes . The ear coverts , nape , hind neck and rump are bluish @-@ grey , usually with a white streak near the shaft of each rump feather . The scapulars and mantle feathers are dark chestnut @-@ brown with dark central streaks and pale tips . There are fourteen tail feathers each with a pointed tip , the outer two slightly shorter than the others giving a rounded tail . They are brownish @-@ black , with inconspicuous darker bars visible in some lights . The outer edge of each tail feather is fringed with grey near the base and the outer pair of feathers have a narrow white border on the inner edge . The chin , throat and upper breast are creamy @-@ buff with bold streaks and speckles of brownish @-@ black . The lower breast is creamy @-@ white with a diminishing buff tinge and fewer speckles and the belly is similarly creamy @-@ white , with the speckles restricted to the uppermost parts . The primaries are brownish @-@ black with the leading edge fringed grey and the inner edge of the outer feathers grey near the base whereas the inner feathers are fringed with brown near the base . The secondaries are similar but fringed with chestnut @-@ brown on the leading edge . The upper wing @-@ coverts are brownish @-@ black and similar to the outer primaries in their margin colouration . The axillaries and under wing @-@ coverts are white and the under tail @-@ coverts have dark greyish @-@ brown bases and margins and white centres and tips . The beak is strong , with a slight curve and a notch near the tip . It is orange @-@ yellow in winter , with the upper mandible somewhat brownish and both mandible tips brownish @-@ black . In the summer both mandibles of the male 's beak are yellow . The irises are dark brown and the legs and feet are brown . The average adult length is 25 cm ( 9 @.@ 8 in ) , the winglength is 14 @.@ 5 cm ( 5 @.@ 7 in ) and the tarsal length 3 @.@ 5 cm ( 1 @.@ 4 in ) . 
 The female is very similar to the male but the upper parts are somewhat more brownish and the feathers on the crown have narrower black central stripes . The throat and breast are paler with fewer , smaller markings . The beak is similar to the male 's winter beak . The juvenile are a duller colour than the adults with pale coloured streaks on the feathers that have dark streaks in the adult . The young assume their adult plumage after their first moult in the autumn . 
 The call is mostly uttered in flight and is a harsh " tsak tsak tsuk " . The same sound , but softer , is made more conversationally when individuals gather in trees . When angry or alarmed they emit various warning sounds reminiscent of the mistle thrush ( Turdus viscivorous ) . The male has a rather feeble song that he sings in the breeding season . It is a mixture of a few phrases like those of the common blackbird ( Turdus merula ) interspersed with whistles , guttural squeaks and call notes . This is sung on the wing and also from a tree and a subdued version of this song with more warbling notes is sung by a group of birds at communal roosts . 
 
 = = Distribution and habitat = = 
 
 The fieldfare is a migratory species with a palearctic distribution . It breeds in northern Norway , northern Sweden , Finland , Belgium , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , the Czech Republic , Slovakia , Hungary , Poland and Siberia as far east as Transbaikal , the Aldan River and the Tian Shan Mountains in North West China . Its winter range extends through West and South Europe to North Africa , though it is uncommon in the Mediterranean region . Eastern populations migrate to Anatolia , Israel , Iran and Northwest India , and occasionally Northeast India . It is a vagrant to Iceland , Greenland , Spitsbergen , the Canary Islands , the Balearic Islands , Madeira , Corsica , Sardinia , Sicily , Malta and Cyprus . 
 In the summer the fieldfare frequents mixed woodland of birch , alder , pine , spruce and fir , often near marshes , moorland or other open ground . It does not avoid the vicinity of humans and can be seen in cultivated areas , orchards , parks and gardens . It also inhabits open tundra and the slopes of hills above the tree line . In the winter , groups of fieldfares are chiefly found in open country , agricultural land , orchards and open woodland . They are nomadic , wandering wherever there is an abundance of berries and insects . Later in the year they move on to pastureland and cultivated fields . 
 
 = = Behaviour = = 
 
 The flight of the fieldfare is slow and direct . It takes several strong beats then closes its wings briefly before flapping on . It is highly gregarious , quite shy and easily scared in the winter and bold and noisy in the breeding season . When a group is in a tree they all tend to face in the same direction , keeping up a constant chatter . When foraging on the ground , often in association with redwings , the group works its way up wind , each bird pausing every so often to stand erect and gaze around before resuming feeding . When alarmed they fly off down wind and the feeding group reforms elsewhere . In woodland they do not skulk in the undergrowth as do blackbirds or song thrushes , instead they perch in the open on bushes and high branches . They roost socially , sometimes in overgrown hedges and shrubberies but usually on the ground . Common sites are in rough grass among bushes or clumps of rushes , in young plantations , on stubble and in the furrows of ploughed fields . 
 Migration southwards from the breeding range starts in October but the bulk of birds arrive in the United Kingdom in November . Some of these are still on passage and carry on into continental Europe but others remain . The passage @-@ migrants return in April and they and the resident migrants depart from the United Kingdom mostly by early May . 
 The fieldfare is omnivorous . Animal food in the diet includes snails and slugs , earthworms , spiders and insects such as beetles and their larvae , flies and grasshoppers . When berries ripen in the autumn these are taken in great number . Hawthorn , holly , rowan , yew , juniper , dog rose , Cotoneaster , Pyracantha and Berberis are all relished . Later in the winter windfall apples are eaten , swedes attacked in the field and grain and seeds eaten . When these are exhausted , or in particularly harsh weather , the birds may move to marshes or even the foreshore where molluscs are to be found . 
 
 = = Breeding = = 
 
 The breeding season starts in May in Poland but further north in Scandinavia may not start until early July . The female fieldfare builds a cup @-@ shaped nest with no attempt at concealment . The location is often in woodland but may be in a hedgerow , garden , among rocks , in a pile of logs , in a hut or on the ground . Fieldfares usually nest in close proximity to others of the same species . The adults will defend the nest aggressively and nesting gregariously may offer protection from predators . The nest is built of dried grasses and weeds with a few twigs and a little moss , with a lining of mud and an inner lining of fine grasses . There are usually five to six eggs in a clutch , but occasionally three , four , seven or eight eggs are laid . The eggs vary in size from 28 @.@ 8 by 20 @.@ 9 millimetres ( 1 @.@ 13 in × 0 @.@ 82 in ) to 33 @.@ 5 by 23 @.@ 4 millimetres ( 1 @.@ 32 in × 0 @.@ 92 in ) and are variable in colour . Many are pale blue speckled with fine brown dots and resemble those of the common blackbird . Others are bright blue , with or without larger red @-@ brown splotches . Incubation starts before all the eggs are laid and lasts for thirteen to fourteen days . The female does all or most of the incubation . The chicks are altricial and both parents bring food to them . They are usually ready to leave the nest after fourteen to sixteen days and there may be two broods in the season , especially in the southern parts of the breeding range . 
 
 = = Status and conservation = = 
 
 The fieldfare has an extensive range , estimated at 10 million square kilometres ( 3 @.@ 8 million square miles ) , and a large population , including an estimated forty two to seventy two million individuals in Europe . There are thought to be up to twenty thousand individuals in Russia and the global population is estimated to be between forty four and ninety six million individuals . The population size appears to be stable and the bird is not believed to approach the thresholds for the population decline criteria of the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species ( i.e. , declining more than 30 % in ten years or three generations ) , and is therefore evaluated as being of " Least Concern " . 
 In the United Kingdom , at the extreme edge of the fieldfare 's breeding range , only a handful of pairs breed . It is therefore classified by the RSPB as a Red List species as of January 2013 . 
 
 
 = Type 94 Nambu pistol = 
 
 The Type 94 Nambu 8 mm Pistol ( Type 94 Handgun , Japanese : 九四式拳銃 Kyūyon @-@ Shiki Kenjū ) is a semiautomatic pistol developed by Kijirō Nambu and his associates for the Imperial Japanese Army . Development of the Type 94 pistol began in 1929 , and after several redesigns the final prototype was tested and officially adopted by the Japanese Army in late 1934 ( Japanese calendar , 2594 ) . The Type 94 pistol entered production in 1935 . Approximately 71 @,@ 000 pistols were manufactured before production ended in 1945 . 
 The Type 94 pistol was designed for , and popular among , Japanese tank and aircraft crews who preferred a smaller , lightweight design . Japanese weapons experts have subsequently criticized some design elements of the Type 94 ; in particular the pistol could be fired unintentionally before the breech was fully locked if the sear bar on the side of the receiver was jarred loose and the pistol was improperly handled . Additionally , the process to disassemble the pistol is overly complex and awkward . The build quality of the Type 94 pistol declined over its production run ; " last ditch " pistols made in 1945 were crudely manufactured . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 The Type 94 Nambu pistol was designed by Kojiro Nambu after he retired from the Japanese Army and founded the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company . Design for the Type 94 Nambu pistol commenced in 1929 with the goal of reducing the bulk and price of previous Nambu designs . The Imperial Japanese Army felt a smaller pistol of domestic design that could accommodate the standard 8 × 22mm Nambu cartridge was needed to substitute the larger , heavier , and only official military pistol , the Type 14 Nambu . The demand for officer 's handguns had increased as a result of Japan 's invasion of Manchuria during the Second Sino @-@ Japanese War . A new design was also wanted by the Japanese Army to include a magazine safety , to prevent unintentional discharges during cleaning that were common among Japanese personnel . Naming of the Type 94 pistol reflects the change in Japanese nomenclature with the 94 reckoning back to the mythical foundation of Japan in 660 BC therefore year 2594 instead of the traditional emperor reign period used to name the Type 26 revolver or Type 14 Nambu pistol . The final prototype for the Type 94 was officially adopted by the Japanese Army in late 1934 after several redesigns . Production began under the supervision of the Nagoya Army Arsenal at the Nambu Rifle Manufacturing Company and later its successor , Chuo Kogyo Company , Ltd . An estimated 71 @,@ 000 pistols were produced for the military but the exact quantity is unknown because of the production of unserialized pistols and undated pistols . During World War II the pistol became a preferred weapon for tank crews and paratroopers who required a smaller , more convenient pistol . The Type 94 was never officially adopted by the Imperial Japanese Navy but was available to officers through the Japanese officer 's union . 
 
 = = Design = = 
 
 The Type 94 pistol is operated by a different mechanism than previous Japanese sidearms . Unlike previously designed Nambu pistols , the Type 94 operates with a concealed hammer and with a firing pin rather than a hammer . According to authors , Harry L. Derby and James D. Brown , the firing pin is inherently weak and is prone to breakage because of a recess cut provided for the crossbolt and is prone to breaking at this point . The sturdier hammer firing mechanism was developed and included in the Type 94 to replace the poor striker on the Type 14 Nambu . The locking system is a rising @-@ block type which floats independently between the lugs underneath the chamber end of the barrel . The single coil mainspring is positioned around the barrel around the barrel instead of to the rear of the barrel as found on other Nambu pistols . The grip is smaller than other Japanese pistols and is finished with smooth wood but according to author Jeff Kinard , are more comfortable for use by men with smaller hands . The magazine holds a maximum of six rounds because of the smaller grip and it is considered difficult to reload the weapon , with pressure from the bolt holding it inside the pistol . The magazine catch protrudes far enough to occasionally disengage when the pistol is placed on its left side on a hard surface . The magazine could also disengage if squeezed into or jarred in a holster . The manual safety lever is located on the left rear of the frame and has the kanji for fire and safe stamped onto the frame . The front blade sight on the muzzle of the Type 94 pistol and the rear fixed V were occasionally inaccurately positioned making them useless when the weapon is being aimed . The rear sight was reduced from a U @-@ shape to a simple notch in 1944 with the front blade being left unchanged but less attention to detail being applied as World War II progressed . 
 
 = = = Final production = = = 
 
 The quality of Type 94 Nambu pistols decreased towards the end of World War II as the Japanese faced bombing raids from allied forces and material shortages increased . This drastic change in quality from late March 1945 , onwards with all quality standards appearing to disappear towards the end of June 1945 . The smooth wooden finished grip was replaced by a bakelite checkered pattern . Many pistols were not serialized and no pistols have been reported that bear July 1945 manufacture date . Only four unserialized and undated pistols are known to exist and include mismatch parts with no inspection marks , lanyard loops , and extractors . A small number of pistols made during the final production stages include earlier production dates and appear to have been salvaged from previously discarded pistols that had minor or cosmetic defects . 
 
 = = Disassembly = = 
 
 Disassembly of the Type 94 Nambu pistol is considered difficult and can lead to damage to the pistol if done carelessly . After clearing the Type 94 , the operator must draw the slide against the magazine follower to hold the bolt to the rear of the pistol . This will allow the crossbolt to be released after the firing pin is depressed . Removal of the crossbolt without depressing the firing pin will damage both the firing pin and the crossbolt . Removing the crossbolt is further complicated as the disassemblers hands are both holding the pistol and depressing the firing pin . 
 
 = = Holster = = 
 
 Holsters for the Type 94 pistol were generally made from either pigskin or cowhide leather and ranged in color from tan to dark reddish brown . Holsters faced the same degradation in quality as the Type 94 pistol . As supplies of leather were exhausted in Japan , holsters manufactured in 1944 became fabricated from olive drab fabric . The Type 94 pistol holster is distinguishable from other Japanese holsters having a pointed closure flap and a vertically positioned magazine pouch . The pouch tow has a narrow extension to accommodate a cleaning rod . The majority of holsters were made in civilian owned tanneries with some ink stamped with arsenal and inspection marks . A belt loop and two shoulder strap " D " rings are provided on the rear of the holster and are made from brass , galvanized steel , or nickel plating . 
 
 = = Unintentional firing = = 
 
 The poor design of the breech allowed the Type 94 Nambu to be fired unintentionally . The sear bar on the Type 94 Nambu converts the forward pull of the trigger into a lateral movement that frees the hammer . Because the sear bar is on the outside of the pistol , it could be jarred loose during engagement if the pistol was cocked and handled carelessly . The forward end of the sear bar would need to be depressed approximately 2mm to cause the weapon to fire . The ability to fire the Type 94 without pulling the trigger gave rise to war stories of Japanese soldiers surrendering , only to fire the pistol , earning the pistol monikers such as the " suicide special " and the " surrender pistol " . These stories are widely discredited because of the difficulty to fire the weapon by squeezing the sear bar . If the safety is engaged on the Type 94 it is impossible for the weapon to discharge unintentionally . 
 
 
 = Jifna = 
 
 Jifna ( Arabic : جفنا , Jifnâ ) is a Palestinian village in the Ramallah and al @-@ Bireh Governorate in the central West Bank , Palestine , located 8 kilometers ( 5 @.@ 0 mi ) north of Ramallah and 23 kilometers ( 14 mi ) north of Jerusalem . A village of about 1 @,@ 400 people , Jifna has retained a Christian majority since the 6th century CE . Its total land area consists of 6 @,@ 015 dunams , of which 420 are designated as built @-@ up areas , most of the remainder being covered with olive , fig and apricot groves . Jifna is governed by a village council , led ( 2008 ) by chairman Jabi Na 'im Kamil . 
 Jifna was known as Gophnah ( In Hebrew גופנה ) at the time of the First Jewish @-@ Roman War , and after its conquest became a Roman regional capital . Later the town grew less significant politically , but nevertheless prospered under Byzantine and Arab rule due to its location on a trade route . St. George 's Church in Jifna was built in the 6th century CE , but fell into disrepair and was not rebuilt until the arrival of the Crusaders in the late 10th century . However , it again fell into ruin after the Crusaders were driven out by the Ayyubids . In modern times , the ruins of St. George 's Church have become a tourist attraction . During the period of Ottoman control in Palestine the tower of an ancient Roman structure in Jifna became the location of a jail house . 
 Jifna has local traditions and legends relating to the Holy Family , and to the village water @-@ spring . It is also locally known for its apricot harvest festival ; each year , during the late Spring period , hundreds travel to the village to harvest the fruit during its brief season . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Biblical era and Roman / Byzantine rule = = = 
 
 It was suggested by Edward Robinson that Jifna was Ophni of Benjamin , mentioned in the Book of Joshua as one of the " twelve cities . " Nothing thereafter is recorded in its history until the time of the Roman conquest during the 1st century BCE , when it appears in various records as " Gophna " . Gophna was described by Flavius Josephus as the second city of Judea , after Jerusalem , in his account of the First Jewish @-@ Roman Wars during the 1st century CE . The town is depicted as Gophna in the Map of Madaba , situated north of Gibeon ( al @-@ Jib ) , and is also mentioned in the Talmud as Ben Gufnin , a " city of priests " . The latter portion of its Talmudic name derives from the Hebrew root word gefen , meaning " vine " . 
 Known by the Romans as Cofna , Jifna was a regional capital in the Iudaea Province under the Roman Empire . Around 50 BCE the Roman general Cassius sold the population into slavery , for failure to pay taxes . They were freed , however , by Mark Antony shortly after he came to power . Jifna was within the area under Hananiah 's command in 66 CE , during the First Jewish @-@ Roman War , and was the headquarters of one of the twelve toparchies ( minor realms ) of Judea . The Roman emperor Vespasian occupied the town in 68 CE , established an army garrison there , and concentrated within the city Jewish priests and other local notables who had surrendered to him . Titus , the future Roman emperor , passed through Gophna during his march to besiege Jerusalem in 70 CE . 
 The building of a church dedicated to Saint George during the 6th century CE indicates that by this time Jifna , now under Byzantine rule , had become a Christian town . Besides the church , other remains from this era are located in Jifna , including a Jewish tomb , a tower ( Burj Jifna ) once used by the Ottomans as a prison , a Roman villa , an olive oil press and a winery . 
 
 = = = Middle Ages = = = 
 
 Jifna , along with most of Palestine , was annexed by the Rashidun Caliphate under Umar ibn al @-@ Khattab after the Battle of Ajnadayn in 634 . The town became less politically significant under the Arab dynasties of the Umayyads , Abbasids and Fatimids , but remained a major regional center for trade and commerce , due to its location along the Jerusalem – Nazareth road . It was known by the Arabs as Gafeniyyah . 
 Sources are vague , but it is likely that St. George 's Church fell into disrepair during the early decades of Islamic rule , and that unfavorable circumstances for the Christian population prevented them from rebuilding it . However , it was partially rebuilt with old materials by the Crusaders , who conquered the area in 1099 . The Crusaders built a large courtyard building in Jifna . It had a monumental gate with a portcullis , with a large vaulted hall and thick walls of fine masonry . After their defeat to the Ayyubids under Saladin in 1187 , the church again fell into ruin . A document dated 1182 with the signature of one Raymundus de Jafenia , might indicate a Christian presence at this time . According to the American biblical scholar Edward Robinson , there are remains of massive walls in the center of the village , now filled by houses . They were relics of a castle built by the Crusaders . However , the masonry has no characteristics of the Crusader period ; rather , the remains display the Arab architectural style of the post @-@ Crusader period , most likely of the 18th century , judging by the dressing of the stones . 
 
 = = = Ottoman era = = = 
 
 After the Crusaders were succeeded by the Ayyubids and then the Mamluks , the Ottoman Empire conquered Palestine in 1517 , and Jifna came under their control for the following 400 years . In 1596 it appeared in the tax registers under the name of " Jifna an @-@ Nasara " , being in the nahiya ( subdistrict ) of Jerusalem of the Jerusalem Sanjak , with a population of 21 households . The villagers paid a fixed tax @-@ rate of 33 @.@ 3 % on agricultural products , including wheat , barley , olive trees , vineyards , fruit trees , goats and beehives , in addition to occasional revenues ; a total of 6 @,@ 470 akçe . It was under the administration of the Bani Zeid subdistrict , part of the larger Jerusalem District , throughout Ottoman rule , being the only all @-@ Christian village in the district . During this period , the main commodity of Jifna was olive oil . Ottoman activity in the village was minimal , but they used the remains of Jifna 's castle , known as " Burj Jifna " , as a jail house sometime during the 19th century . In the early 1830s , Ibrahim Pasha of Egypt conquered most of the Levant , including Palestine . In 1834 there was a revolt against the Egyptian authorities in the Jifna area ; 26 residents of Jifna were subsequently exiled to Egypt for their alleged participation in the uprising . They were joined , voluntarily , by two prominent local priests . 
 An Eastern Orthodox Church was built in the village in 1858 , and a larger Latin ( Roman Catholic ) church dedicated to St. Joseph was built in 1859 , adjacent to the ruins of St. George 's Church . In the courtyard of St. George 's Church is a sarcophagus . St. George 's Church has continued to serve as a place of worship into the modern era and has been the site of archaeological excavation since the mid @-@ 19th century . Mass is still held at its altar on certain occasions . In 1882 the Palestine Exploration Fund 's Survey of Western Palestine described Jifna as an Important Christian village , with a Latin Church and a convent . Also in the 1880s , Jifna was frequently taxed by Ottoman authorities . It also came into consistent armed conflict with another Christian village , Bir Zeit , which in one incident , resulted in the deaths of five men from that village . In retaliation , residents of Bir Zeit uprooted and burned 125 of Jifna 's olive groves . 
 
 = = = Modern times = = = 
 
 In 1917 , during World War I , the Ottomans were defeated by British and Arab forces . After a brief period of military rule , Jifna and its region came under the control of the League of Nations British Mandate , in 1922 . In 1947 the United Nations proposed the partitioning of Palestine into separate Jewish and Arab states , with Jifna being a part of the projected Arab state . However , after the 1948 Arab @-@ Israeli War the whole West Bank region , including Jifna , was annexed by Transjordan to form the Kingdom of Jordan , and the Arab state was stillborn . In 1967 Israel occupied the West Bank , after their victory in the Six @-@ Day War . 
 After the 1995 Interim Agreement on the West Bank and the Gaza Strip between the Palestinian National Authority ( PNA ) and Israel , Jifna was placed in " Area B " . Thus , its administrative and civil affairs were transferred to the PNA , while security matters remained in Israeli control . Throughout the ongoing Second Intifada , which began in 2000 , Jifna has not experienced violence to the same extent as other parts of the West Bank , such as in nearby Ramallah , but its residents face travel restrictions and economic hardship . 
 On 31 July 2015 a 15 @-@ year @-@ old resident was shot dead by an IDF sniper after allegedly throwing a firebomb at an army outpost . 
 
 = = Geography and climate = = 
 
 Jifna is located on the slope of a hill , standing at an elevation of about 661 meters ( 2 @,@ 169 ft ) above sea level . It is situated at the intersection of two ancient trade routes , the mountainous north @-@ south route and the east @-@ west route connecting the Jordan Valley with the Mediterranean seacoast . In 1945 its land area consisted of 5 @,@ 939 dunams , 52 dunams of which were classified as built @-@ up area in 1945 . Today Jifna has a total jurisdiction over 6 @,@ 015 dunams , 420 of which are designated as built @-@ up and roughly 2 @,@ 000 planted with olive , apricot and other fruit trees . 
 The village is located 8 kilometers ( 5 @.@ 0 mi ) northwest of Ramallah and al @-@ Bireh and about 23 kilometers ( 14 mi ) north of Jerusalem . The Palestinian refugee camp of Jalazone was built on Jifna 's southern lands and is connected to the village by road . The villages of Dura al @-@ Qar ' and Ein Siniya are located adjacent to Jifna to the east and northeast respectively . Other nearby localities include Abu Qash to the southwest , Beitin to the southeast , Ein Yabrud to the east , ' Atara to the north and Bir Zeit to the northwest . Jifna is connected to the main Ramallah @-@ Nablus highway by a road at the eastern side of the village . 
 Jifna experiences a temperate Mediterranean climate . Based on data for nearby Ramallah , average monthly high temperatures range from 53 ° F ( 12 ° C ) in January to 84 ° F ( 29 ° C ) in July / August , the corresponding lows being 39 ° F ( 4 ° C ) and 63 ° F ( 17 ° C ) . Rain is usually restricted to the winter season , from around November until the end of April . The months that receive the most precipitation are January and December and the annual rainfall is 23 @.@ 2 inches ( 590 mm ) . 
 
 = = Demographics = = 
 
 According to Edward Robinson , Jifna 's population in 1838 consisted of about 200 people , of whom only 42 were adult males . In a 1945 land and population survey carried out by Sami Hadawi , Jifna had 910 inhabitants . The modern inhabitants of Jifna belong mainly to eight families , four of whom are originally from the village , while the other five have , at various times , migrated from other countries such as Syria . 
 In 1994 , Jifna experienced a wave of emigration , with about half of its population leaving the town to pursue better livelihoods elsewhere . The first census carried by the Palestinian Central Bureau of Statistics ( PCBS ) shows that Jifna had a population of 961 , of whom 623 ( 64 @.@ 8 % ) were classified as refugees in 1997 . The gender distribution was 465 males ( 48 @.@ 4 % ) and 494 females ( 51 @.@ 6 % ) . The age distribution was : Under 15 , 330 ( 34 % ) ; 15 – 29 , 275 ( 29 % ) ; 30 – 65 , 304 ( 32 % ) ; Over 65 , 50 ( 5 % ) . 
 The population of Jifna continues to grow . According to the PCBS , Jifna 's mid @-@ year population estimate for 2006 was 1 @,@ 358 . An informal estimate from Autumn 2006 gives the population as 1 @,@ 500 , " 25 % of whom have had to move to Jerusalem or Ramallah to find jobs " . The 2007 census by the PCBS listed Jifna 's population as 1 @,@ 716 , of which 856 were males and 860 females . 
 
 = = = Religion = = = 
 
 The remains of the Byzantine @-@ era church in Jifna testifies to the existence of a Christian community prior to the Muslim conquest . It continued to exist during the Middle Ages and the village is still inhabited mainly by Christians . The names of Christian inhabitants from Jifna appeared in a 10th @-@ century inscription on a stone above the gate of St. George 's Monastery in the Wadi Qelt . 
 Ottoman tax records from the late 16th century reveal that Jifna had a Christian population at the time also . An informal survey in 1927 found 550 inhabitants , of whom 325 were Catholics and the remainder reportedly " Christians of other denominations " . Palestinian Christians make up about 80 % of the residents , while the remaining 20 % are Muslims , mostly refugees . 
 It is certain that most of the Christian residents of Jifna in the 12th century were local inhabitants . Apart from local Christians there was also a Frankish settlement , as is attested by the ruins of a maison forte ( manor ) built in the lower part of the village . In Jifna , like in many other sites in Palestine , the Crusaders built their settlement in the heart of the local Christian settlement . 
 
 = = Economy = = 
 
 Although most of Jifna 's cultivable land is covered with olive groves as well as fig , walnut and apricot trees and grape vines , agriculture is no longer the village 's main source of income . Many of the village 's former farmers are living off other businesses , including restaurants , other small family @-@ owned industries , and simple commerce . 
 Unlike some other West Bank localities , unemployment is a minor issue in Jifna . However , the average income is low because of the unstable political situation in the Palestinian territories , Israeli checkpoints , the West Bank barrier and the 2006 freezing by Israel of funds to the Palestinian territories — although the latter no longer applies to the West Bank . 
 According to the PCBS , 98 @.@ 5 % of Jifna 's 201 households are connected to electricity through a public network . The same percentage is connected to a sewage system , mostly through a cesspit . Pipe water is provided for 98 % of the households primarily through a public network ( 97 @.@ 5 % ) , but some residents receive water through a private system ( 1 @.@ 5 % ) . The village is home to the Jifna Women 's Charitable Society which offers health services and recreational activities for women and children . 
 
 = = = Small businesses = = = 
 
 There are three restaurants in Jifna : Al @-@ Burj Restaurant , Red Valley Restaurant and Garden , and Tabash Restaurant , as well as a hotel : al @-@ Murouj Pension . In 2003 , the Odeh family of Jifna opened a leisure complex — called the Dream Day Resort — in the village . The complex , containing a half @-@ Olympic @-@ size swimming pool , a children 's pool and a jacuzzi is frequented by residents in Jifna and the surrounding area . 
 Al @-@ Burj Restaurant — also known as " Burj Jifna " — specializes in Palestinian cuisine and contains a café and a Palestinian culture hall . Situated in the center of the village , the restaurant is the site of Jifna 's old city . With international funding , the local youth club restored the area , adding bright accents to the stone masonry . The restaurant has become a center of tourism and the complex provides tours for its rooms , olive oil presses and ancient ramparts . Tabash Restaurant was founded in 1962 by a Palestinian refugee family from Jaffa . Initially known as al @-@ Wadi Bar , it received its current name in 1972 . The owners and the employees of the restaurant are from the Tabash family . 
 
 = = Culture = = 
 
 
 = = = Traditions = = = 
 
 There are a number of local traditions in Jifna . A prominent legend among Jifna 's inhabitants is that the Holy Family rested near an oak tree in the town on their way from Jerusalem . The legend 's origins are due to Jifna 's location along the ancient Jerusalem @-@ Nazareth road . 
 A nearby mountain was named Jabal ad @-@ Dik ( " Mount of the Rooster " ) because of a traditional story . According to the tradition , a Jew that lived in Jifna had visited Jerusalem during the Passion . Seeing Jesus rise from the dead , the man immediately converted and told his wife what he saw . His wife refused to believe him unless the rooster she had just killed would come back to life . Instantly , the rooster flew away towards the mountain . The story was recited in some monasteries on Holy Thursday together with other biblical readings . 
 A legend exists about Jifna 's spring — which the village has used for centuries — concerning how it periodically runs low on water . Popular belief is that this is the work of the djinniye ( female spirit ) . According to Palestinian researcher Tawfiq Canaan , " In Jifna the priest has to go on such an occasions to the dry spring to repeat prayers and burn incense , and thus reconcile the djinniye or force her to let the water flow " . 
 Like many Palestinian villages , the women of Jifna have their own traditional dress . Costumes in the village , known as rumi abyad ( " Greek White " ) and rumi aswad ( " Greek Black " ) , were dresses of hand @-@ woven linen embroidered with the Jifna 's own motifs . Preparing burbara , a sweet pudding @-@ like dish made from whole grain wheat , on the Feast of Saint Barbara has been a tradition in Jifna for several centuries . 
 
 = = = Festivals = = = 
 
 In April – May 2005 Jifna hosted the first annual International Artists ' Workshop in Palestine . The festival , known as the " Jifna Spring " was the first held in a rural village instead of a major city such as Hebron or Ramallah . During the festival , dozens of artists from all over the world collaborated on several projects , including stone sculptures , metalwork , photography , mural paintings and installation pieces . Many of the works were influenced by the " specificity and qualities " of Jifna , while others dealt with the subject of Palestinian identity . 
 Jifna , locally famous for its apricot harvest , hosts an annual two @-@ day apricot festival in the first week of May . Hundreds of West Bankers flock to participate in the harvest . The festival is also used by Palestinian politicians as an opportunity to give speeches praising Palestinian farmers and encouraging boycotts on Israeli products and reliance on domestic agriculture . 
 
 = = Government = = 
 
 Jifna is governed by a village council consisting of ten members including the chairman . The council was founded in 1954 , when a prominent resident , Nasri Ilias Samara , pressured the Jordanian authorities to recognize the institution , even though a village was normally required to have a population of at least 1 @,@ 000 inhabitants for permission to establish a village council . The decision was approved by Jordan 's then prime minister . Representatives from Jifna 's largest families formed the original council 's body , appointing Smara as chairman and Salim Issa Musleh as vice chairman . Jabi Na 'im Kamil was elected as the chairman in 2005 and the Badil ( Alternative ) list — which represents a leftist alliance of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine and the Palestinian People 's Party — won most of the council seats . 
 
 = = Education = = 
 
 Jifna contains one gender @-@ mixed primary school and kindergarten , founded by the Latin Patriarchate of Jerusalem in 1856 and managed by Jifna 's Catholic church . The school 's staff comprises eight teachers and two nuns , as well as four teachers for the kindergarten . Students who have graduated from the school commute to Ramallah or Bir Zeit daily for their secondary and tertiary education . Most university students attend the nearby Bir Zeit University . 
 
 
 = Ha ' K 'in Xook = 
 
 Ha ' K 'in Xook ( Mayan pronunciation : [ haʔ k ’ in ʃoːk ] ) , also known as Ruler 6 , was an ajaw of Piedras Negras , an ancient Maya settlement in Guatemala . He ruled during the Late Classic Period , from 767 – 780 AD . Ha ' K 'in Xook was a son of Itzam K 'an Ahk II , and he ascended the throne upon the death of his brother , Yo 'nal Ahk III . Ha ' K 'in Xook 's reign seems to have ended either with his death or his abdication in favor of his brother K 'inich Yat Ahk II ; archaeologists and Mayanists have not come to a clear consensus on this . Ha ' K 'in Xook left behind several monuments , including stelae at Piedras Negras and a stone fragment from El Porvenir . In addition , a stone seat known as Throne 1 which was erected by K 'inich Yat Ahk II , records either the death or abdication of Ha ' K 'in Xook . 
 
 = = Biography = = 
 
 
 = = = Reign of Piedras Negras = = = 
 
 Ha ' K 'in Xook , who has also been referred to as Ruler 6 , was likely the son of Itzam K 'an Ahk II , based on a translation of Stela 23 . According to both Simon Martin and Nikolai Grube , as well as Johnson , Ha ' K 'in Xook 's name translates to " Water Sun Shark " . Of note , his name does not feature a turtle glyph , a feature found in all the previous rulers of Piedras Negras , as well as his successor . He ascended the throne on February 14 , 767 AD ( 9 @.@ 16 @.@ 16 @.@ 0 @.@ 4 , 7 K 'an 17 Pop in the Long Count ) , following the death of his brother Yo 'nal Ahk III . Ha ' K 'in Xook 's kingship of Piedras Negras had originally been overlooked by Tatiana Proskouriakoff , who instead assigned the title Ruler 6 to a misidentified sajal — or Maya leader — of La Mar. 
 Not much is known about the rule of Ha ' K 'in Xook ; his reign , along with that of Yo 'nal Ahk III , has been referred to as " shadowy " by Flora Clancy , and James L. Fitzsimmons argues that Ha ' K 'in Xook seems to have been a weaker ruler when compared to the reign of Itzam K 'an Ahk II because Ha ' K 'in Xook erected few monuments , and he did not reinforce his power on a larger scale , choosing only to do so at local polities . The only notable recorded event that has been preserved during the life of Ha ' K 'in Xook is of an incident that took place at El Cayo , most likely related to the burial of a contemporary sajal . According to Zachary Nathan Nelson , the reign of Ha ' K 'in Xook seems to have been relatively free from war , as none of his extant stelae show representation of captives , and known records do not indicate any sort of " bellicose action " in the region during his reign . 
 
 = = = Death or abdication = = = 
 
 Ha ' K 'in Xook yielded the throne on March 24 , 780 AD ( 9 @.@ 17 @.@ 9 @.@ 5 @.@ 11 10 Chuwen 19 Sip ) . The reason why his reign came to an end has been a topic of debate . Some believe that his reign ended with his abdication . Throne 1 , when translated , notes that he " abandoned / transferred rulership " , which American Mayanist Stephen D. Houston interprets to mean that he abdicated in favor of his brother , K 'inich Yat Ahk II . Mayanist David Stuart also noted that the wording on the throne " implies a more active event on the ruler 's part " , but that " ' lose ' might be more neutral as far as an interpretation goes . " 
 However , the exact phrase on the monument is yaktaaj ajawlel , which is the same wording that was used when the " burden " of leadership passed from K 'ak ' Tiliw Chan Yopaat , the k 'ul ahaw of Quiriguá , to his successor Sky Xul during his burial ten days after his demise in 785 AD . As such , this may suggest that , rather than abdicating , Ha ' K 'in Xook died in 780 AD , and his successor , K 'inich Yat Ahk II , took up rule later . The deciphered glyphs on Throne 1 note that K 'inich Yat Ahk II later " remembered " Ha ' K 'in Xook at the Paw Stone Place in some way , and that the new king may have possibly wept at the memory of Ha ' K 'in Xook , according to anthropologist Oswaldo Chinchilla Mazariegos . 
 Regardless , K 'inich Yat Ahk II took up the throne on May 31 , 781 AD ( 9 @.@ 17 @.@ 10 @.@ 9 @.@ 4 1 K 'an 7 Yaxk 'in ) , almost a year following the end of Ha ' K 'in Xook 's reign . Despite this lengthy gap , there appears to be no evidence of anyone ruling Piedras Negras between the two kings . 
 
 = = Monuments = = 
 
 
 = = = Stelae = = = 
 
 Several stelae have been found that were erected by Ha ' K 'in Xook , including Stelae 13 , 18 , and 23 . Stela 13 would appear to be the earliest , showing the oldest dedicatory date assigned to Ha 'K'in Xook , and it " captures the essence of the period @-@ ending celebration . " This 2 @.@ 39 @-@ metre ( 7 @.@ 8 ft ) tall stela retains stylistic elements of other niche stelae , but also shows a different form . It depicts the king scattering incense , similar to iconography found on Piedras Negras Stelae 2 and 32 . Clancy has argued that the stela contains iconography pertaining to three motifs : divination , " the quest " , and accession . Divination is shown via the act of Ha ' K 'in Xook scattering the incense . This motif had been introduced earlier in the iconography of Piedras Negras by K 'inich Yo 'nal Ahk II . The stela also features Ha ' K 'in Xook wearing a unique headdress ; it is depicted as being composed of three knots and forehead scrolls , a projecting Water Lily Jaguar , and a flexible rectangular emblem made from a jaguar pelt and a thick net . It has been postulated that this headdress was inspired by the headdress worn by an enthroned figure from the underworld featured on Stela 5 . Clancy argues that this headdress is a representation of " the royal theme of quest " , due to its iconographic similarity to other stelae at Piedras Negras . In addition , Stela 13 remains Ha ' K 'in Xook 's only extant image . 
 Not much remains of Stela 18 , and what is left is badly worn . However , archaeologist Sylvanus Morley claimed that it expressed a Calendar Round date of 6 Ahaw 13 K 'ayab ( corresponding to a Long Count date of 9 @.@ 17 @.@ 5 @.@ 0 @.@ 0 or Dec. 27 , 775 ) , which Martin and Grube note is within Ha ' K 'in Xook 's reign . Stela 23 is the king 's accession monument . Originally carved on all four faces , this stela is in poor condition because it tipped over and shattered . The largest portions remaining include the base , and remnants of a basal panel of glyphs that feature the feet of two individuals . Similar to Stela 18 , Martin and Grube argue that Stela 23 dates to the rulership of Ha ' K 'in Xook because the Calendar Round date on the monument is contemporary with the date found on Stela 13 . This stele details a puluuy utz 'itil ceremony for Ha ' K 'in Xook 's dead father , Itzam K 'an Ahk II , and , when translated , reads " Ruler 6 [ Ha ' K 'in Xook ] , child of Ruler 4 [ Itzam K 'an Ahk II ] … acceded to the rulership " , seemingly proving that Ha ' K 'in Xook was indeed the offspring of Itzam K 'an Ahk II . 
 All three of the stelae were discovered by Teoberto Maler in 1901 near one of the site 's main temple , the O @-@ 13 pyramid . Stela 13 was possibly erected on a terrace reached by the pyramid 's main stairway , and Stela 18 lies in a row on the plaza in front of the aforementioned stairway . Stela 23 , on the other hand , was erected at the very base of the pyramid . This pyramid was most likely the burial place for Itzam K 'an Ahk II , and — seeing as how Ha ' K 'in Xook , Yo 'nal Ahk III , and K 'inich Yat Ahk II all revered the site as a dynastic shrine — it is further evidence to back the argument that Ha ' K 'in Xook was the son of Itzam K 'an Ahk II . 
 
 = = = Other = = = 
 
 As mentioned before , Throne 1 details either the death or abdication of Ha ' K 'in Xook . However , it should be noted that the throne was not constructed by the king himself , but rather by his successor , K 'inich Yat Ahk II . The throne was later deliberately broken apart by Piedras Negras 's enemies , but has since been reconstructed . In addition to on @-@ site remains and relics , a fragment of stone found at El Porvenir and aptly called the " El Porvenir Fragment " was also discovered that bore the name of Ha ' K 'in Xook . 
 
 
 = Tommy Lawton = 
 
 Thomas " Tommy " Lawton ( 6 October 1919 – 6 November 1996 ) was an English football player and manager . A strong centre @-@ forward with excellent all @-@ round attacking skills , he was able to head with the ball with tremendous power and accuracy . Despite losing much of his best years to World War II , he scored 260 goals in 433 league and cup competitions in 14 full seasons in the Football League . 
 Born in Farnworth and raised in Bolton , he played amateur football at Rossendale United , before he turned professional at Burnley on his 17th birthday . He also played cricket for Burnley Cricket Club , before his potential as a footballer won him a £ 6 @,@ 500 move to Everton in January 1937 . He went on to finish as the First Division 's top @-@ scorer in 1937 – 38 and 1938 – 39 , helping Everton to finish as champions of the Football League in the latter campaign . League football was then suspended for seven full seasons due to the outbreak of war in Europe , during which time he scored 24 goals in 23 appearances for England whilst guesting for Everton and a number of other clubs . In November 1945 , he moved to Chelsea for £ 14 @,@ 000 , and scored a club record 26 goals in 34 league games in the 1946 – 47 season . 
 In November 1947 , he made a surprise move to Third Division South club Notts County for a British record transfer fee of £ 20 @,@ 000 . He helped the club to win promotion as champions in 1949 – 50 , before he moved on to Brentford in March 1952 for a club record £ 16 @,@ 000 . In January 1953 , Brentford appointed him player @-@ manager , though he would only remain in charge for nine months . He joined Arsenal as a player in November 1953 for £ 10 @,@ 000 , where he saw out the remainder of his playing career . He had a promising start to his managerial career by leading Kettering Town to the Southern League title in 1956 – 57 , but then only had two more seasons as manager , getting relegated with Notts County in 1957 – 58 and then relegated with Kettering Town in 1963 – 64 . During the 1970s he struggled with debt and related legal problems , which were reported in the media as an example of a celebrated person having fallen from grace . 
 He scored 22 goals in his 23 England appearances over a ten @-@ year international career from 1938 to 1948 , including four against Portugal in May 1947 . He helped England to win two British Home Championship titles outright ( 1946 – 47 and 1947 – 48 ) , and to share the Championship in 1938 – 39 . He fell out of international contention at the age of 28 due to his contempt for manager Walter Winterbottom , his decision to drop out of the First Division , and the emergence of Jackie Milburn and Nat Lofthouse . As well as his England caps , he also represented The Football League XI and played in a special Great Britain game against Europe in 1947 . He married twice , and had two children and one step @-@ child . His ashes are held in the National Football Museum , and he was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2003 . 
 
 = = Early life = = 
 
 Thomas Lawton was born on 6 October 1919 to Elizabeth Riley and Thomas Lawton senior in Farnworth , Lancashire . His father was a rail @-@ road signalman of Irish extraction , and his mother worked as a weaver at Harrowby Mill . His father left the family 18 months after Lawton was born , and Elizabeth moved back into her parents ' home in Bolton . Elizabeth 's father , James Hugh " Jim " Riley , became Lawton 's surrogate father . Lawton 's natural footballing ability earned him a place on the Bolton Town Schools team in 1930 . He was picked by Lancashire Schools at the age of 13 . Despite scoring a hat @-@ trick in a trial game for England Schoolboys , he never earned a full England Schoolboy cap . At the age of 14 he began playing for Hayes Athletic in the Bolton Senior League , and went on to score 570 goals in three seasons . The FA 's rules meant he was unable to turn professional at a club until he was 17 , and Lawton 's grandfather rejected Bolton Wanderers 's offer for Lawton to work as a delivery driver for two years before turning professional at the club . Lawton instead played as an amateur for Rossendale United in the Lancashire Combination , scoring a hat @-@ trick on his debut against Bacup . He took up temporary work at a tannery , and then joined Burnley as assistant groundsman after his mother rejected an offer from Sheffield Wednesday as she objected to him travelling to Sheffield on a daily basis . 
 
 = = Club career = = 
 
 
 = = = Burnley = = = 
 
 Lawton played his first game for Burnley Reserves against Manchester City Reserves in September 1935 , and though he struggled in this game he went on to become a regular Reserve team player by the age of 16 . After a poor run of form from Cecil Smith , Lawton was selected ahead of Smith for the Second Division game against Doncaster Rovers at Turf Moor on 28 March 1936 ; aged 16 years and 174 days , this made him the youngest centre @-@ forward ever to play in the Football League . Rovers centre @-@ half Syd Bycroft , also making his league debut , marked Lawton out of the game , which ended in a 1 – 1 draw . Burnley had played poorly , though Lawton was praised for his " keen and fearless " performance by the Express & News newspaper . He retained his place for the following game , and scored two goals in a 3 – 1 victory over Swansea Town at Vetch Field . He picked up a groin strain in his third appearance which caused him to miss two fixtures , before he returned to the first team for the final four games of the 1935 – 36 season ; he claimed three more goals to take his season tally to five goals from seven games . 
 Lawton continued to train his heading skills intensely in the summer of 1936 , and also played cricket for Burnley Cricket Club as a batsman in the Lancashire League . He scored a six against both Learie Constantine and Amar Singh . He scored 369 runs in 15 completed innings for an average of 24 @.@ 06 . 
 He turned professional at Burnley at the age of 17 on wages of £ 7 a week . His grandfather attempted to negotiate a £ 500 signing @-@ on fee on his behalf but was rebuffed after the club alerted Charles Sutcliffe , Secretary of the Football League , who informed them that any attempt to circumvent the league 's maximum wage was illegal . Lawton scored in his first appearance since signing the contract after just 30 seconds , before going on to record a hat @-@ trick in a 3 – 1 win over Tottenham Hotspur , scoring a goal with either foot and one with his head . 
 
 = = = Everton = = = 
 
 In January 1937 , First Division club Everton paid Burnley £ 6 @,@ 500 to secure Lawton 's services , and also gave his grandfather a job as deputy groundsman at Goodison Park ; the fee was a record for a player under 21 . The move to Everton made him a teammate of Dixie Dean , his boyhood idol , who he was expected to gradually replace as first choice centre @-@ forward . He later recalled that on his way to Goodison Park on his first day as an Everton player he was told by a tram conductor that " You 're that young Lawton , aren 't you ? You 'll never be as good as Dixie . " Dean was finally rested on 13 February , which allowed Lawton to make his first team debut against Wolverhampton Wanderers at Molineux ; the match ended in a 6 – 2 defeat , though Lawton scored a penalty . He spent the rest of the season at inside @-@ left , with Dean at centre @-@ forward , and ended the 1936 – 37 campaign with four goals in 11 games . He started the 1937 – 38 season in the Reserves , but was installed as first choice centre @-@ forward in September after Dean was dropped for punching club secretary Theo Kelly . On 2 October , Lawton scored the winning penalty in a 2 – 1 victory over Merseyside derby rivals Liverpool at Anfield . He ended the campaign with 28 goals in 39 appearances to become the division 's top @-@ scorer . 
 Everton had a young but highly effective team for the 1938 – 39 campaign , and Lawton was praised for the way he led the attack , with the Evening Standard 's Roland Allen describing Lawton as a " clever footballer , bringing his wing men into the game with shrewd flicks and widely flung and accurate passes " after Everton recorded a 2 – 1 victory over Arsenal at Highbury . The game against Arsenal was part of a run of six wins in the first six games of the campaign , during which time Lawton scored eight goals . Everton lost their lead at the top of the table to Derby County over Christmas , but returned to form and to first position by Easter . They faced a difficult final run of games , but beat Chelsea and recorded two victories over Sunderland to secure the club 's fifth league title , finishing four points ahead of second @-@ place Wolverhampton Wanderers . Lawton scored 34 goals in 38 league games to finish as the division 's top @-@ scorer for the second successive season . However , in the summer he wrote to Leicester City to request that the club buy him from Everton ; it was reported that he reached out to Leicester as they were managed by Tom Bromilow , his former Burnley manager . Everton were fifth in the league and Lawton was the division 's top @-@ scorer with four goals when league football was suspended three games into the 1939 – 40 season due to the outbreak of World War II . Lawton later remarked that " I 'm convinced that if it hadn 't been for the War , we 'd have won the Championship again , the average age of those players was about 24 or 25 " . 
 
 = = = World War II = = = 
 
 Lawton continued to play for both Everton and England during the war . However the FA decided to not award full caps for England appearances during the war , and as a result his 24 goals in 23 international games were not counted in statistics for the official England team . As was common for footballers during the war , he also made guest appearances for a number of clubs besides Everton , including Leicester City , Greenock Morton , Chester City , Aldershot , and Tranmere Rovers . He was called up to the British Army in January 1940 , and his status as an England international saw him recruited to the Royal Army Physical Training Corps . He also played for the British Army team and his Area Command team . He was posted in Birkenhead , which allowed him to frequently appear for Everton . On Christmas Day 1940 , he played for Everton against Liverpool at Anfield in the morning and for Tranmere Rovers at Crewe Alexandra in the afternoon . Explaining this later , he said , ' The Tranmere people came into the dressing room and asked if anyone wanted to play as they were two men short . I said , " Go on , I 'll help you out . " And I did . ' In 1942 he scored a hat @-@ trick for England in a 5 – 4 win over Scotland at Hampden Park . Later in the year he scored six goals for Aldershot in a 9 – 0 win over Luton Town . On 16 October 1943 , he scored four goals in an 8 – 0 victory over Scotland at Maine Road . 
 
 = = = Chelsea = = = 
 
 In July 1945 , Lawton handed in a transfer request at Everton as he wanted a move to a Southern club so as to see more of his increasingly estranged wife . In November 1945 , he was sold to Chelsea for a fee of £ 14 @,@ 000 . Chelsea continued to play regional wartime fixtures as national league football had not resumed for the 1945 – 46 season , and Lawton also continued his uncapped appearances for the England national team . In the summer of 1946 , following his demobilisation , he coached for the FA in a summer camp in Switzerland . He scored a club record 26 goals in 34 league games in the 1946 – 47 season . However he struggled to settle at Stamford Bridge and came into conflict with manager Billy Birrell after refusing to go on a pre @-@ season tour of Sweden in 1947 , which resulted in him requesting a transfer . He favoured a move to Arsenal , but this was ruled out by the Chelsea hierarchy . Lawton turned down an approach by Sunderland manager Bill Murray as he held out hope that Chelsea would relent and allow him a move to Arsenal . 
 
 = = = Notts County = = = 
 
 In November 1947 , Lawton was sold to Notts County of the Third Division South for a British record transfer fee of £ 20 @,@ 000 . He made the surprise decision to drop down two divisions so as to be reunited with manager Arthur Stollery , his former masseur and friend at Chelsea , and because he was promised a job outside of football upon his retirement by vice @-@ chairman Harold Walmsley . Walmsley told the Nottingham Guardian Journal that " we are prepared to spend to the limit to put this old club back where it belongs " . He scored two goals on his home debut , a 4 – 2 win over Bristol Rovers in front of 38 @,@ 000 spectators at Meadow Lane – a massive increase on previous home games of typically 6 @,@ 000 to 7 @,@ 000 supporters . He ended the 1947 – 48 season with 24 goals in as many games , though was resented by the club 's directors after he insisted on pay rises for his teammates and stopped the practice of director 's friends and family travelling to away games on the team coach . 
 He formed a productive forward partnership with Jackie Sewell in the 1948 – 49 campaign , and scored 23 goals in 40 league and cup appearances . County finished in mid @-@ table despite scoring 102 goals , 15 more than champions Swansea . Stollery was sacked and upon Lawton 's suggestion the club appointed Eric Houghton as manager after Lawton turned down the role as player @-@ manager . Lawton and Sewell 's understanding grew throughout the 1949 – 50 campaign , and Lawton finished as the division 's top @-@ scorer with 31 goals in 37 league games as County won promotion as champions , seven points ahead of second @-@ placed Northampton Town . Promotion was secured with a 2 – 0 win over local rivals Nottingham Forest at Meadow Lane on 22 April . 
 However he struggled with poor form during the 1950 – 51 season as his first marriage was coming to an end and he came into increasing conflict with his teammates . He was angered when the club sold Jackie Sewell to Sheffield Wednesday in March 1951 – breaking Lawton 's own transfer record in the process – as he felt the move showed a lack of ambition from the club 's directors . He also found that the well paid job he was promised outside of football did not transpire . His tally of nine goals in 31 games in 1950 – 51 and 13 goals in 31 games in 1951 – 52 was disappointing , and he was made available for transfer . 
 
 = = = Brentford = = = 
 
 In March 1952 , Lawton joined Second Division side Brentford for a club record £ 16 @,@ 000 fee . Manager Jackie Gibbons left the club at the start of the 1952 – 53 season and was succeeded by his assistant Jimmy Bain , who proved ill @-@ suited to management , and so in January 1953 Lawton was appointed as player @-@ manager , with Bain as his assistant . However he lost the dressing room due to his excessive demands of the players , and the strains of management were having a negative impact on his form . Brentford also lost their best players having sold both Ron Greenwood and Jimmy Hill . He signed two veterans in former Notts County teammate Frank Broome and Ian McPherson to play on the wings , who , with Lawton , formed an attacking trio with a combined age of 104 . They got off to a poor start to the 1953 – 54 season , and Lawton resigned as manager after the Griffin Park crowd began to mock the forward line by singing Dear Old Pals . 
 
 = = = Arsenal = = = 
 
 In November 1953 , Lawton was traded to First Division champions Arsenal for £ 7 @,@ 500 plus James Robertson ( valued at £ 2 @,@ 500 ) . He was signed by manager Tom Whittaker , who had previously found success in bringing in veterans such as Ronnie Rooke and Joe Mercer . However Lawton was limited to ten appearances in the 1953 – 54 campaign after picking up an injury on his debut . He also played in the 1953 Charity Shield , scoring one goal as Arsenal beat Blackpool 3 – 1 . He scored seven goals in 20 appearances throughout the 1954 – 55 season , including winning goals against Chelsea and Cardiff City . He scored a hat @-@ trick past Cardiff City on the opening day of the 1955 – 56 season , before he announced his decision to leave Arsenal to pursue a career in management eight games into the campaign . 
 " More than 20 years of soccer . What glorious years . Years that all the money in the world couldn 't buy . I have been lucky . I have played with great clubs ; I have escaped serious injury ; I have played for my country ; I have even captained my country ; I have won many of the game 's top honours . Soccer has been good to me and I hope that I have repaid the game in some small way . I have had great experiences . I have met some wonderful people . I have memories that nobody can take away from me . If I could turn the clock back 20 years , I would still go into the game as a full @-@ time professional and I can say to any lad who is contemplating a career in football : Go ahead son ... providing you are willing to work and work hard and providing you are willing to learn the craft thoroughly . You will meet some of the grandest fellows you could ever wish to meet and you will have a pleasant , healthy life and be quite well paid for it . 
 
 = = International career = = 
 
 Lawton was called up to play for The Football League XI against a League of Ireland XI at Windsor Park on 21 September 1938 , and scored four goals in what finished as an 8 – 2 win . A month later he went on to win his first cap for England on 22 October , England 's first game of the 1938 – 39 British Home Championship , a 4 – 2 defeat to Wales at Ninian Park , and converted a penalty kick to mark his first England appearance with a goal . This made him the youngest player to score on his England debut , a record which lasted until Marcus Rashford broke it in 2016 . Four days after Lawton 's debut , he scored again for England at Highbury in a 3 – 0 win over ' The Rest of Europe ' , a team of players selected from Italy , Germany , France , Belgium , Hungary and Norway . Later in the year he also scored in victories over Norway and Ireland . He played in all four games of 1939 , scoring against Scotland and Italy ; the goal against Scotland secured a 2 – 1 win in front of 149 @,@ 269 spectators at Hampden Park . 
 Newly appointed England manager Walter Winterbottom played Lawton in England 's first official match in seven years on 28 September 1946 , a 7 – 2 win over Ireland . He played the remaining three fixtures of 1946 , and scored four goals in a 8 – 2 victory over the Netherlands at Leeds Road on 27 November . On 10 May 1947 , he scored two goals playing for the Great Britain XI in a 6 – 1 victory over a Rest of Europe XI that was billed as the ' Match of the Century ' . Five days later he scored four goals in a 10 – 0 victory over Portugal at Lisbon 's Estádio Nacional . On 21 September , he scored after just 12 seconds in a 5 – 2 win over Belgium at Heysel Stadium . 
 He retained his place in the England team following his club move to Notts County , and in doing so became the first Third Division footballer to represent England when he scored from the penalty spot in a 4 – 2 win over Sweden on 19 November . However he only won three further caps in 1948 , his final appearance coming in a 0 – 0 draw with Denmark in Copenhagen on 26 September . He had become increasingly disillusioned with the England set @-@ up , and told Walterbottom that " if you think you can teach Stanley Matthews to play on the wing and me how to score goals , you 've got another think coming ! " Walterbottom was also frustrated by Lawton 's smoking habit , and preferred Jackie Milburn ahead of Lawton . Hopes of any future comeback were ended by the emergence of powerful centre @-@ forward Nat Lofthouse , who made his England debut in November 1950 . 
 
 = = Style of play = = 
 
 Lawton was widely regarded as the finest centre @-@ forward of his generation . He boasted a strong physique and good ball control skills , as well as a great passing range and a powerful shot . He was naturally right @-@ footed , though worked to improve his left foot to a good enough standard to be considered a two @-@ footed player . His greatest strength though was his ability to head the ball , as he possessed muscular legs to give himself a strong jump and long hang @-@ time , and was also able to time his jumps to perfection . Stanley Matthews surmised that " Quite simply , Tommy was the greatest header of the ball I ever saw . " Lawton was never booked throughout his career . 
 
 = = Coaching career and later life = = 
 
 An Arsenal director helped Lawton to find employment as player @-@ manager at Southern League side Kettering Town on wages of £ 1 @,@ 500 a year . He signed a number of players from Football League clubs , including Jim Standen ( Arsenal ) , Amos Moore ( Aston Villa ) , Jack Wheeler ( Huddersfield Town ) , Jack Goodwin ( Brentford ) , Bob Thomas ( Fulham ) , Norman Plummer ( Leicester City ) , Harry McDonald ( Crystal Palace ) and Geoff Toseland ( Sunderland ) . Kettering were ten points clear at the top of the table by Christmas . In January 1956 he turned down an approach from Notts County to return as manager . Kettering won the league title in 1956 – 57 , finishing eight points ahead of Bedford Town , with Lawton scoring 15 of Kettering 's 106 league goals . 
 He was appointed as Notts County manager in May 1957 , controversially replacing caretaker @-@ manager Frank Broome , who had steered the club away from the Second Division relegation zone ; Broome was installed as his assistant . He was unable to make new signings as he was unable to move on any of the club 's 33 playing staff . He did though take on forwards Jeff Astle and Tony Hateley as apprentices , who would both go on to have long careers in the First Division . Lawton agreed to go without his wages for six months so as to improve the club 's finances . County were relegated at the end of the 1957 – 58 season , finishing one point short of safety , and Lawton was sacked . He received a total of just three months pay for his time at the club , having only a verbal offer of a three @-@ year contract to fall back on , and nothing in writing . 
 After being sacked as Notts County manager , Lawton ran the Magna Charta public house in Lowdham from October 1958 . An employee stole £ 2 @,@ 500 from the business and Lawton decided to leave the pub trade after four years . He then took up a job selling insurance . He returned to football management with Kettering Town for the 1963 – 64 season as a caretaker following the resignation of Wally Akers , but the season ended with Kettering being relegated from the Southern League Premier Division . He was offered the job on a permanent basis , but turned it down so as to concentrate on his job as an insurance salesman . He lost his job in insurance in 1967 , and then opened a sporting goods shop that bore his name after going into partnership with a friend , but was forced to close the business after just two months due to poor sales . After a period on unemployment benefits he found work at a betting company in Nottingham . 
 He returned to Notts County to work as a coach and chief scout from 1968 to 1970 . He was sacked after new manager Jimmy Sirrel decided to appoint his own backroom staff , and Lawton returned to unemployment . In May 1970 , he wrote to Chelsea chairman Richard Attenborough asking for a loan of £ 250 and for possible employment ; Attenborough lent him £ 100 . He was interviewed by Eamonn Andrews on ITV 's Today programme on his fall from England star to the unemployment line . After his financial troubles became public knowledge he was offered a lucrative job as director of his own subsidiary furniture company by a large furnishing company on Tottenham Court Road , however the company went into liquidation the following year . He continued to write cheques in the company 's name , and in June 1972 pleaded Guilty to seven charges of obtaining goods and cash by deception . He was sentenced to three years probation , and ordered to pay £ 240 compensation and £ 100 in costs . 
 In 1972 a testimonial match was organised by Everton on Lawton 's behalf to help him pay off his debts of around £ 6 @,@ 000 . However his financial situation was still bleak , and on two occasions he narrowly avoided a prison sentence for failing to pay his rates after an Arsenal supporters club and later an anonymous former co @-@ worker stepped in to pay the bill for him . In August 1974 , he was again found Guilty of obtaining goods by deception after failing to repay a £ 10 debt to a publican , and was sentenced to 200 hours of Community service and ordered to pay £ 40 costs . In 1984 he began writing a column for the Nottingham Evening Post . Brentford also organised a testimonial match for him in May 1985 . 
 Lawton 's health deteriorated in his old age and he died in November 1996 , aged 77 , as a result of pneumonia . His ashes were donated to the National Football Museum . He was inducted into the English Football Hall of Fame in 2003 . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 Lawton married Rosaleen May Kavanagh in January 1941 ; the marriage bore one child , Amanda . Rosaleen never watched Lawton play football during their ten @-@ year marriage . Divorce was granted with a decree nisi in March 1951 after Rosaleen was found to have committed adultery with Notts County director Adrian Van Geffen ; Lawton never saw Amanda again and was not required to pay child support . He would not hear from his daughter until she was convicted of stealing from playwright George Axelrod in 1968 , by which time Rosaleen was on her fourth marriage and living in Jamaica . Lawton married second wife Gladys Rose in September 1952 , who bore him a son , Thomas Junior . Gladys was also divorced , and her ex @-@ husband cited Lawton as a co @-@ respondent in the divorce proceedings as the pair had begun their relationship whilst Gladys was still married ; her family were staunch Catholics , and Gladys was ostracised by her family following her divorce . Gladys had a daughter , Carol , from her previous marriage , who Lawton raised as his own . Thomas Junior went on to play rugby union for Leicester Tigers . 
 He starred alongside Thora Hird and Diana Dors in 1953 film The Great Game , playing himself in a cameo role . Throughout the 1950s he went on to appear on What 's My Line ? amongst other radio and television programmes . He published a total of four books : Tommy Lawton 's all star football book ( 1950 ) , Soccer the Lawton way ( 1954 ) , My Twenty Years of Soccer ( 1955 ) , and When the Cheering Stopped ( 1973 ) . 
 
 = = Career statistics = = 
 
 
 = = = Club playing statistics = = = 
 
 Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile at the English National Football Archive ( subscription required ) 
 
 = = = International playing statistics = = = 
 
 Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile at the England Football Online website 
 
 = = = Managerial statistics = = = 
 
 Sourced from Tommy Lawton profile at the English National Football Archive ( subscription required ) 
 Notes 
 Statistics at Kettering Town not recorded . 
 
 = = Honours = = 
 
 England 
 British Home Championship winner : 1938 – 39 ( shared ) , 1946 – 47 , 1947 – 48 
 Everton 
 Football League First Division champion : 1938 – 39 
 Notts County 
 Football League Third Division South champion : 1949 – 50 
 Arsenal 
 Charity Shield winner : 1953 
 Kettering Town 
 Southern Football League champion : 1956 – 57 
 
 = = = Specific = = = 
 
 
 = = = General = = = 
 
 
 = Trials and Tribble @-@ ations = 
 
 " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " is the 104th episode of the American science fiction television series Star Trek : Deep Space Nine , the sixth episode of the fifth season . It was written as a tribute to the original series of Star Trek , in the 30th anniversary year of the show ; sister series Voyager produced a similar episode , " Flashback " . The idea for the episode was suggested by René Echevarria , and Ronald D. Moore suggested the link to " The Trouble with Tribbles " . The pair were credited for their work on the teleplay , with the story credit going to Ira Steven Behr , Hans Beimler and Robert Hewitt Wolfe . 
 Set in the 24th century , the series follows the adventures on Deep Space Nine , a space station located near a stable wormhole between the Alpha and Gamma quadrants of the Milky Way Galaxy . In this episode , Captain Benjamin Sisko ( Avery Brooks ) and the crew travel back in time to prevent the assassination of Captain James T. Kirk ( William Shatner ) of the USS Enterprise by a Klingon using a booby @-@ trapped tribble . 
 Moore had originally suggested re @-@ visiting the planet seen in The Original Series episode " A Piece of the Action " but was convinced by Echevarria that the digitally inserted shots previously seen in Forrest Gump ( 1994 ) could be done on a small budget . After a test shot was completed , the rest of the production team were also convinced that it could be achieved . The budget was set at $ 3 million , with extensive work completed on matching the film techniques used during The Original Series . 
 Some original costumes were found for the Klingons while others were made from patterns created by Robert Blackman . Greg Jein created new models of the Enterprise as well as Deep Space Station K7 and the Klingon cruiser , while 1 @,@ 400 tribbles were purchased from a company owned by Majel Barrett . Charlie Brill returned to Star Trek to appear once more as Arne Darvin , and Deidre L. Imershein was cast in part due to her being friends with one of the production crew members . Walter Koenig , who portrayed Ensign Pavel Chekov in The Original Series , showed the Deep Space Nine cast how to work the consoles on the Enterprise sets . 
 " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " was warmly received by critics with praise directed at the nostalgia and level of detail seen on screen . It was the most watched episode of the fifth season . " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " was nominated in three Primetime Emmy Award categories and for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation but did not win any awards . It was released on VHS initially alongside " The Trouble with Tribbles " , and later as part of the normal release schedule . It was subsequently released as part of the season five DVD set . 
 
 = = Plot = = 
 
 On board Deep Space Nine , Captain Benjamin Sisko ( Avery Brooks ) is being queried by Department of Temporal Investigations agents Dulmer ( Jack Blessing ) and Lucsly ( James W. Jansen ) . The Captain explains that he was on the USS Defiant , returning from Cardassian space with the Bajoran Orb of Time . They had picked up a hitchhiker on the way , a human called Barry Waddle . Suddenly the ship found itself some 200 light years away from its previous location and a hundred years in the past , near Deep Space Station K7 and found the USS Enterprise in orbit . They discover that the hitch @-@ hiker was Arne Darvin ( Charlie Brill ) , a Klingon agent who had previously been caught by Captain James T. Kirk ( William Shatner ) on K7 whilst trying to poison a shipment of grain . 
 Fearing that Darvin may be attempting to assassinate Kirk , the crew dress in period uniforms and investigate the Enterprise . They attempt to interact with history as little as possible whilst investigating Darvin . The crew does not initially recognize the Klingons of the time period , and when Worf ( Michael Dorn ) is asked about the difference in appearance , he replies that the matter is not discussed with outsiders ( this is further expanded on in the Star Trek : Enterprise episodes " Affliction " and " Divergence " ) . Doctor Julian Bashir ( Alexander Siddig ) and Chief Miles O 'Brien ( Colm Meaney ) get involved in a bar brawl between the Enterprise crew and a number of Klingons on shore leave . Captain Kirk disciplines them on the Enterprise alongside Chief Engineer Montgomery Scott ( James Doohan ) and Ensign Pavel Chekov ( Walter Koenig ) . Bashir and O 'Brien notice that the ship is covered with tribbles . Lieutenant Commander Worf ( Michael Dorn ) and Odo ( René Auberjonois ) trail Darvin as he returns to the Defiant . There , Darvin admits that he planted a bomb in a tribble to kill Kirk . 
 Sisko and Lieutenant Jadzia Dax ( Terry Farrell ) board the Enterprise but can find no trace of a bomb . They travel to K7 , and scans indicate that the bomb is in the grain storage compartments . They enter the compartments and discover that the poisoned grain has all been eaten by tribbles , who are now all dead . Suddenly Captain Kirk opens the compartment and is covered in falling tribbles . Dax and Sisko find the bomb before it can kill Kirk and the Defiant transports it into space where it explodes . The crew of the Defiant use the Bajoran Orb to travel back to the present time , and Sisko finishes explaining the situation to the Temporal Agents . The episode ends with Quark ( Armin Shimerman ) in his bar on Deep Space Nine 's promenade , with numerous tribbles around him . 
 
 = = Production = = 
 
 
 = = = Premise and writing = = = 
 
 As the 30th anniversary of Star Trek was approaching , a number of plans were being put into place . The film Star Trek : First Contact was entering production , a television special was planned to celebrate the franchise and George Takei had been cast to appear in the Star Trek : Voyager episode " Flashback " . Producer Ira Steven Behr later recalled that he thought that Deep Space Nine might end up being missed out as he considered it to be the " middle child " of the franchise . However , Rick Berman contacted Behr and asked him if he would be interested in doing something to celebrate the anniversary . Behr agreed to discuss it with the staff writers . Initially , there was concern that if the proposed episode aired during the actual anniversary week ( around September 8 ) , that it would have to serve as the season opener , pre @-@ empting the already planned opener . 
 The writers discussed potential ideas . Ronald D. Moore had previously brought back Montgomery Scott for the Star Trek : The Next Generation episode " Relics " and since Takei was appearing in Voyager , they felt that having a member of the main cast from The Original Series return would be repetitive . Some consideration was given by Moore to sending the DS9 crew to the gangster @-@ type planet visited by Kirk in the episode " A Piece of the Action " . It was René Echevarria who suggested a time @-@ travel episode , which was seen as an expensive proposition . Echevarria , however , pressed for the idea . Moore suggested inserting the DS9 crew into " The Trouble with Tribbles " , suggesting it could resolve the question of why a constant stream of tribbles kept hitting Kirk in the head . 
 When the discussion came to inserting the DS9 crew into the bar @-@ brawl scene , Berman liked the idea but was unsure if it could actually be done . Visual effects supervisor Gary Hutzel created test footage and screened it for Behr and Moore , who thought that it was simply footage from the original episode . Once Hutzel revealed that an additional security officer had been seamlessly added to the sequence , the episode was green @-@ lit . During the scripting process , " The Trouble with Tribbles " was regularly consulted , so the writers could decide where to insert characters . The Temporal Agents , Dulmer and Lucsly , were so named as they were anagrams of Mulder and Scully from The X @-@ Files . 
 Original " Tribbles " creator David Gerrold was contacted by The New York Times , who wanted to interview him about the anniversary and the rumored " tribbles " episode . When he questioned Berman about the episode , Berman initially denied it . Gerrold responded that he didn 't want to embarrass anyone , but would like to be able to endorse the project . Berman asked what the endorsement would cost , to which Gerrold requested public acknowledgement of his work and to be cast as an extra in the episode . Berman agreed . Gerrold compared inserting new footage into an existing episode to Back to the Future Part II ( 1989 ) and later said that he would have gone in a different direction had he written the story . Nonetheless , he felt the final product ended up being better than anything he would have created . 
 
 = = = Directing , cinematography and music = = = 
 
 A number of directors were considered for the episode , with Jonathan West being given the job . West had previously been the cinematographer on staff for both Deep Space Nine and The Next Generation , as well as directing several episodes of the franchise . He had nine days of preparation time before shooting began . He sought to match the same production values as The Original Series but found that lighting style and color saturation to film had changed in the intervening years . Visual effects supervisor Dan Curry directed some of the second @-@ unit sequences , and together with West and cinematographer Kris Krossgrove worked to rectify these issues . This was achieved by switching to a finer grain of film , by utilizing different lenses as well as by shooting from specific angles . With Gerrold on set as an extra , West used him as an unofficial advisor on matching the scenes from " The Trouble with Tribbles " . 
 The actual digital insertion of actors was conducted in the same manner as seen in the film Forrest Gump ( 1994 ) . The original footage was remastered , and was seen as such an improvement that it inspired the subsequent clean @-@ up and re @-@ release of all of " Original Series " episodes . This remaster was conducted by Hutzel and was the first transfer since 1983 , when a version was created for VHS and laser disc release . Hutzel identified 19 scenes from " The Trouble with Tribbles " which were matched in " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " . The scene matching between the new footage and the old took nine weeks to complete with a budget of $ 3 million . It involved both two @-@ dimensional and three @-@ dimensional tracking shots as well as insertion of matte shots and the use of both blue and green screens for the actors . Not all shots seen in the episode were actually taken from " The Trouble with Tribbles " . The scene where Sisko meets Kirk on the bridge towards the end of the episode was instead taken from the episode " Mirror , Mirror " . 
 Due in part to the special effects , the costuming , the set re @-@ constructions and the residual payments to The Original Series cast , Behr later described " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " as " probably the most expensive hour of episodic TV ever produced " . The only member of The Original Series cast who was spoken to directly by the producers was Leonard Nimoy , who was enthusiastic about the idea and was surprised that it had taken them so long to come up with the idea . The remaining cast members were each contacted through Paramount 's legal department . Dennis McCarthy wanted to re @-@ work the Jerry Fielding score previously used on " The Trouble with Tribbles " . He said that he intended to use the production equipment and orchestra available to bring the score up to the same scale previously seen on Deep Space Nine . However , the producers wanted a new score and so McCarthy explained that he composed it in a Fielding @-@ inspired mindset . The only piece that was directly re @-@ recorded by McCarthy was the Alexander Courage " Theme from Star Trek " , which involved a 45 piece orchestra . 
 
 = = = Design and makeup = = = 
 
 Art director Randy McIlvain led the set re @-@ creation for the Enterprise and K7 , describing the excitement over working on the episode as " contagious " . McIlvain spent a fair amount of time getting the window angles correct on the sets . Mike Okuda re @-@ created the graphics seen on the Enterprise sets using a computer , whilst others were re @-@ drawn by artist Doug Drexler . Some sets were not re @-@ created in full , such as the bridge , which required parts of it to be later added digitally . The captain 's chair from the bridge re @-@ creation was later one of the Star Trek items to be auctioned by Christie 's . Set designer Laura Richarz watched " The Trouble with Tribbles " carefully looking for small details to replicate on the new sets , such as the legs of benches in the bar on K7 . However , she said her biggest challenge was tracking down the chairs seen on the space station . She contacted John M. Dwyer , who had worked on the original episode . He explained to her that the company which created the original chairs had gone out of business . After searching shops selling retro furniture , the production team found a single chair that matched those seen in the original episode . It was purchased and a mold was made to create more chairs . The actors were impressed when they saw the resulting sets , with Terry Farrell exclaiming " Wow , we 're on the Enterprise ! " 
 Greg Jein had already been working on a new model of the USS Excelsior for the " Flashback " episode of Voyager when he saw the test footage for " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " . He promised to make a new model of the Enterprise too , but warned that he didn 't know when he would have time to do it . He actually started work on it immediately , and together with his colleagues he not only built a 5 @.@ 5 feet ( 1 @.@ 7 m ) long model of the Enterprise , but created a new model of Deep Space Station K7 and the Klingon cruiser as well . The Enterprise model was the first to be built of the original Star Trek starship in more than 30 years . Other props were also recreated , with around 1 @,@ 400 tribbles created for the various scenes . They were purchased from Lincoln Enterprises , a company set up by Majel Barrett , widow of Star Trek creator Gene Roddenberry . The rest of the era @-@ specific props were newly created , and were made by Steve Horsch . 
 Costume designer Robert Blackman was concerned over the re @-@ creation of the Klingon uniforms seen in The Original Series as he thought that the metallic material used would be nearly impossible to create accurately . He was subsequently relieved to have found four original costumes and an additional shirt in the costume archives , calling them a " godsend " . His team created patterns from other costumes to remake them . Make @-@ up supervisor Michael Westmore had previously worked on a television series during the 1960s and recalled what type of make @-@ up was available at the time . He had the team restrict themselves to techniques of that era to ensure that the DS9 crew blended properly into the scenes . The hairstyles of the crew were also meant to be reminiscent of The Original Series , with Alexander Siddig sporting a style previously seen on James Doohan . René Auberjonois said that his new hairstyle reminded him of Jerry Lee Lewis . 
 
 = = = Filming and casting = = = 
 
 The cast and crew were enthusiastic on set , with editor Steve Tucker calling it a " giddy party " . Behr said of the cast and crew in the episode that " They all were having fun . Just sitting on those sets , being on that bridge , it was a hoot , a real hoot . " Deidre L. Imershein was brought in at the last minute to play Lt. Watley , as she was a friend of one of the production crew and had previously appeared as a Risan pleasure girl in The Next Generation episode " Captain 's Holiday " . She was brought in because none of the actresses the producers had seen during the casting process could say the role 's one line ( " Deck 15 " ) convincingly enough . Her involvement led to the role 's being expanded into a second scene where she was revealed to be Bashir 's great @-@ grandmother . 
 Charlie Brill returned to film new scenes as Klingon agent Arne Darvin , while original series writer Gerrold was allowed to appear as an extra in two scenes as a crewman from the Enterprise . In one of those scenes he was holding an original tribble from " The Trouble with Tribbles " . Walter Koenig was on hand as well during the filming of the episode to teach the DS9 actors how the consoles were operated on the Enterprise . Koenig later commented that he was paid eight times as much for this and the residual payment as he had been for the original episode . A string of other visitors came to the set during filming , including Majel Barrett and former The Next Generation producer ( and TOS co @-@ producer ) Bob Justman . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Before the episode was shown , a half @-@ hour special was shown on the Sci Fi Channel about the making of " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " on November 2 , 1996 . Paramount also promoted the episode by arranging the placement of around 250 @,@ 000 tribbles in subways and buses across the United States . It received Nielsen ratings of 7 @.@ 7 % , placing it in sixth place in the timeslot . This meant that it had been watched by 7 @.@ 7 % of all households . It was the most watched episode of the fifth season during its initial broadcast . The last time the series had received similar ratings was nearly a year earlier with season four 's " Little Green Men " . 
 Two reviewers watched the episode for Tor.com. Torie Atkinson described " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " as a " perfect episode " , and " one of the best Star Trek episodes ever made , in any series . " She praised the humour and the references , and found Dax in her role as a stand @-@ in for fans of The Original Series . She gave the episode a score of six out of six . Eugene Myers wasn 't disappointed following the hype about the episode , saying that it was " steeped in nostalgia " . He thought that the bomb @-@ in @-@ a @-@ tribble plot was ingenious and allowed the episode to step outside of merely being good due to the success of " The Trouble with Tribbles " . His favourite scene was the constant stream of tribbles hitting Kirk in the head because Sisko and Dax were throwing them out of the grain compartment while looking for the bomb . He also gave the episode a score of six out of six . 
 Zack Handlen in his review for The A.V. Club , called the episode a " delight " and a " lark " . He thought that having Brill film new scenes showed some continuity between the old and the new , and thought that the special effects worked well enough . He summed it up by saying , " It 's not tightly plotted , and once the initial rush of nostalgia fades , there isn 't a lot of depth or suspense to replace it . But there are laughs , more than enough to justify the experiment , and the nostalgia never fades away entirely . " In the book Deep Space and Sacred Time : Star Trek in the American Mythos , Jon Wagner and Jan Lundeen compared the temporal agents seen in " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " to the police detectives seen in the television series Dragnet . Gem Wheeler , in her list of the best episodes of Deep Space Nine for website Den of Geek , listed " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " as the sixth best . In a list of the top 100 episodes of the Star Trek franchise , " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " was placed in 32nd place by Charlie Jane Anders at io9 . 
 " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " was nominated for three Creative Arts Emmy Awards in the Outstanding Art Direction for a Series , Outstanding Hairstyling for a Series and Outstanding Special Visual Effects . However , it was not successful in any of those categories . It was also nominated for the Hugo Award for Best Dramatic Presentation , as " The Trouble with Tribbles " had been in 1968 . 
 
 = = Home media release = = 
 
 The tie @-@ in novelization of " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " was written by Diane Carey and published by Pocket Books . In 1998 , a " Talking Tribble Gift Set " was released which contained both " The Trouble with Tribbles " and " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " on VHS . " Trials and Tribble @-@ ations " was first released in the normal run of VHS issues as part of a two episode cassette alongside " The Assignment " in the United Kingdom on October 1 , 1999 . A single episode release followed in the United States and Canada on July 10 , 2001 . It was released on DVD as part of the season five box set on October 7 , 2003 . 
 
 
 = Tintin in the Congo = 
 
 Tintin in the Congo ( French : Tintin au Congo ; French pronunciation : ​ [ tɛ ̃ tɛn o kɔ ̃ go ] ) is the second volume of The Adventures of Tintin , the comics series by Belgian cartoonist Hergé . Commissioned by the conservative Belgian newspaper Le Vingtième Siècle for its children 's supplement Le Petit Vingtième , it was serialised weekly from May 1930 to June 1931 before being published in a collected volume by Éditions de Petit Vingtième in 1931 . The story tells of young Belgian reporter Tintin and his dog Snowy , who are sent to the Belgian Congo to report on events in the country . Amid various encounters with the native Congolese people and wild animals , Tintin unearths a criminal diamond smuggling operation run by the American gangster Al Capone . 
 Following on from Tintin in the Land of the Soviets and bolstered by publicity stunts , Tintin in the Congo was a commercial success within Belgium and was also serialised in France . Hergé continued The Adventures of Tintin with Tintin in America in 1932 , and the series subsequently became a defining part of the Franco @-@ Belgian comics tradition . In 1946 , Hergé re @-@ drew and coloured Tintin in the Congo in his distinctive ligne @-@ claire style for republication by Casterman , with further alterations made at the request of his Scandinavian publisher for a 1975 edition . In the late 20th century , Tintin in the Congo came under criticism for both its perceived racist colonial attitude toward the Congolese and for its glorification of big @-@ game hunting ; accordingly , attempts were made in Belgium , Sweden , the United Kingdom , and the United States to either ban the work or restrict its availability to children . Critical reception of the work has been largely negative , with commentators on The Adventures of Tintin describing it as one of Hergé 's weakest works . 
 
 = = Synopsis = = 
 
 Belgian reporter Tintin and his dog Snowy travel to the Belgian Congo , where a cheering crowd of native Congolese greet them . Tintin hires a native boy , Coco , to assist him in his travels , and shortly after , Tintin rescues Snowy from a crocodile . A criminal stowaway attempts to kill Tintin , but monkeys throw coconuts at the stowaway that knock him unconscious . A monkey kidnaps Snowy , but Tintin saves him . 
 The next morning , Tintin , Snowy , and Coco crash their car into a train , which the reporter fixes and tows to the village of the Babaorum tribe . He meets the king , who accompanies him on a hunt the next day . A lion knocks Tintin unconscious , but Snowy rescues him by biting off its tail . Tintin gains the admiration of the natives , making the Babaorum witch @-@ doctor Muganga jealous . When he cures a man using quinine , he is hailed as a Boula Matari ( " Breaker of rocks " ) . With the help of the criminal stowaway , Muganga accuses Tintin of destroying the tribe 's sacred idol . The enraged villagers imprison Tintin , but then turn against Muganga when Coco shows them footage Tintin had made of the witch @-@ doctor and the stowaway conspiring to destroy the idol . Tintin becomes a hero in the village , and a local woman bows down to him , saying , " White man very great ! Has good spirits ... White mister is big juju man ! " 
 Angered , Muganga starts a war between the Babaorum and their neighbours , the M 'Hatuvu , whose king leads an attack on the Babaorum village . Tintin outwits them , and the M 'Hatuvu cease hostilities and come to idolise Tintin . Muganga and the stowaway plot to kill Tintin and make it look like a leopard attack , but Tintin survives and saves Muganga from a boa constrictor ; Muganga pleads mercy and ends his hostilities . The stowaway attempts to capture Tintin again and eventually succeeds disguised as a Catholic missionary . They fight across a waterfall , and the stowaway is eaten by crocodiles . After reading a letter from the stowaway 's pocket , Tintin finds that someone called " A.C. " has ordered his elimination . Tintin captures a criminal who tried to rendezvous with the stowaway and learns that " A.C. " is the American gangster Al Capone , who is trying to gain control of African diamond production . Tintin and the colonial police arrest the rest of the diamond smuggling gang and Tintin and Snowy return to Belgium . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Background = = = 
 
 Georges Remi — best known under the pen name Hergé — was employed as editor and illustrator of Le Petit Vingtième ( " The Little Twentieth " ) , a children 's supplement to Le Vingtième Siècle ( " The Twentieth Century " ) , a staunchly Roman Catholic , conservative Belgian newspaper based in Hergé 's native Brussels . Run by the Abbé Norbert Wallez , the paper described itself as a " Catholic Newspaper for Doctrine and Information " and disseminated a far @-@ right , fascist viewpoint . According to Harry Thompson , such political ideas were common in Belgium at the time , and Hergé 's milieu was permeated with conservative ideas revolving around " patriotism , Catholicism , strict morality , discipline , and naivety " . 
 In 1929 , Hergé began The Adventures of Tintin comic strip for Le Petit Vingtième , a series about the exploits of a fictional Belgian reporter named Tintin . Following the success of Tintin in the Land of the Soviets , serialised weekly in Le Petit Vingtième from January 1929 to May 1930 , Hergé wanted to send Tintin to the United States . Wallez insisted he write a story set in the Belgian Congo , then a Belgian colony and today the Democratic Republic of the Congo . Belgian children learned about the Congo in school , and Wallez hoped to encourage colonialist and missionary zeal in his readership . He believed that the Belgian colonial administration needed promotion at a time when memories " were still fairly fresh " of the 1928 visit to the colony by the Belgian King Albert and Queen Elisabeth . He also hoped that some of his readers would be inspired to work in the Congo . 
 Hergé characterised Wallez 's instructions in a sarcastic manner , saying Wallez referred to the Congo as " our beautiful colony which has great need of us , tarantara , tarantaraboom " . He already had some experience in illustrating Congolese scenes ; three years previously , Hergé had provided two illustrations for the newspaper that appeared in an article celebrating the fiftieth anniversary of Henry Morton Stanley 's expedition to the Congo . In one of these , Hergé depicted a native Congolese bowing before a European , a scene that he repeated in Tintin in the Congo . 
 As in Land of the Soviets , where Hergé had based his information about the Soviet Union almost entirely on a single source , in Tintin in the Congo he used limited source material to learn about the country and its people . He based the story largely on literature written by missionaries , with the only added element being that of the diamond smugglers , possibly adopted from the " Jungle Jim @-@ type serials " . Hergé visited the Colonial Museum of Tervuren , examining their ethnographic collections of Congolese artefacts , including costumes of the Leopard Men . He adopted hunting scenes from André Maurois 's novel The Silence of Colonel Bramble , while his animal drawings were inspired by Benjamin Rabier 's prints . He also listened to tales of the colony from some of his colleagues who had been there , but disliked their stories , later claiming : " I didn 't like the colonists , who came back bragging about their exploits . But I couldn 't prevent myself from seeing the Blacks as big children , either . " 
 
 = = = Original publication , 1930 – 31 = = = 
 
 Tintin in the Congo was serialised under the French title of Tintin au Congo in Le Petit Vingtième from 5 May 1930 to 11 June 1931 ; it was syndicated to the French Catholic newspaper Cœurs Vaillants . Drawn in black and white , it followed the same formula employed in Land of the Soviets , remaining " essentially plotless " according to Michael Farr , and consisting of largely unrelated events that Hergé improvised each week . Hergé later commented on the process of writing these early adventures , stating , " The Petit Vingtième came out on Wednesday evening , and I often didn 't have a clue on Wednesday morning how I was going to get Tintin out of the predicament I had put him in the previous week . " The strip 's visual style was similar to that of Land of the Soviets . In the first instalment of Tintin in the Congo , Hergé featured Quick and Flupke , two young boys from Brussels whom he had recently introduced in another Le Petit Vingtième comic strip , in the crowd of people saying goodbye to Tintin . 
 Like Land of the Soviets , Tintin in the Congo was popular in Belgium . On the afternoon of 9 July 1931 , Wallez repeated the publicity stunt he had used when Soviets ended by having a young actor , Henry de Doncker , dress up as Tintin in colonial gear and appear in Brussels and then Liège , accompanied by 10 African bearers and an assortment of exotic animals hired from a zoo . Co @-@ organised with the Bon Marché department store , the event attracted 5 @,@ 000 spectators in Brussels . In 1931 , Brussels @-@ based Éditions de Petit Vingtième collected the story together into a single volume , and Casterman published a second edition in 1937 . By 1944 the book had been reprinted seven times , and had outsold each of the other seven books in the series . The series ' success led Wallez to renegotiate Hergé 's contract , giving him a higher salary and the right to work from home . 
 
 = = = Second version , 1946 = = = 
 
 In the 1940s , after Hergé 's popularity increased , he redrew many of the original black @-@ and @-@ white Tintin stories in colour using the ligne claire ( " clear line " ) drawing style he had developed , so that they fitted in visually with the newer Adventures of Tintin that he had produced . Hergé first made some changes in this direction in 1940 , when the story was serialised in the Flemish @-@ language Het Laatste Nieuws . 
 At Casterman 's prompting , Tintin in the Congo was subsequently fully re @-@ drawn , and the new version was published in 1946 . As a part of this modification , Hergé cut the page length from 110 plates to the standard 62 pages , as suggested by the publisher Casterman . He also made several changes to the story , cutting many of the references to Belgium and colonial rule . For example , in the scene where Tintin teaches Congolese school children about geography , he states in the 1930 – 31 version , " My dear friends , today I 'm going to talk to you about your country : Belgium ! " whereas in the 1946 version , he instead gives them a mathematics lesson . Hergé also changed the character of Jimmy MacDuff , the owner of the leopard that attacks Tintin , from a black manager of the Great American Circus into a white " supplier of the biggest zoos in Europe . " 
 In the 1946 colour version , Hergé added a cameo appearance from Thomson and Thompson , the two detectives that he had introduced in the fourth Tintin story , Cigars of the Pharaoh ( 1932 – 34 ) , which was chronologically set after the Congolese adventure . Adding them to the first page , Hergé featured them in the backdrop , watching a crowd surrounding Tintin as he boards a train and commenting that it " Seems to be a young reporter going to Africa ... " In the same frame , Hergé inserted depictions of himself and his friend Edgar P. Jacobs ( the book 's colourist ) into the crowd seeing Tintin off . 
 
 = = = Later alterations and releases = = = 
 
 When Tintin in the Congo was first released by the series ' Scandinavian publishers in 1975 , they objected to page 56 , where Tintin drills a hole into a live rhinoceros , fills it with dynamite , and blows it up . They asked Hergé to replace this page with a less violent scene , which they believed would be more suitable for children . Hergé agreed , as he regretted the scenes of big @-@ game hunting in the work soon after producing it . The altered page involved the rhinoceros running away unharmed after accidentally knocking down and triggering Tintin 's gun . 
 Although publishers worldwide had made it available for many years , English publishers refused to publish Tintin in the Congo because of its racist content . In the late 1980s , Nick Rodwell , then agent of Studios Hergé in the United Kingdom , told reporters of his intention to finally publish it in English and stated his belief that publishing the original 1931 black and white edition would cause less controversy than releasing the 1946 colour version . After more delay , in 1991 — sixty years after its original 1931 publication — it was the last of The Adventures of Tintin to see publication in English . The 1946 colour version appeared in English in 2005 , published by Egmont . 
 
 = = Critical analysis = = 
 
 Hergé biographer Pierre Assouline believed that Hergé 's drawing became more assured throughout the first version of the story without losing any of its spontaneity . He thought that the story began in " the most inoffensive way " , and that throughout the story Tintin was portrayed as a Boy Scout , something he argued reflected Hergé 's " moral debt " to Wallez . Biographer Benoît Peeters opined that Tintin in the Congo was " nothing spectacular " , with some " incredibly cumbersome " monologues , but he thought the illustrations " a bit more polished " than those in Land of the Soviets . Believing the plot to be " extremely simple " , he thought that Tintin 's character was like a child manipulating a world populated by toy animals and lead figurines . Michael Farr felt that , unlike the previous Tintin adventure , some sense of a plot emerges at the end of the story with the introduction of the American diamond @-@ smuggling racket . Philippe Goddin thought the work to be " more exciting " than Land of the Soviets and argued that Hergé 's depiction of the native Congolese was not mocking but a parody of past European militaries . By contrast , Harry Thompson believed that " Congo is almost a regression from Soviets " , in his opinion having no plot or characterisation ; he described it as " probably the most childish of all the Tintin books . " Simon Kuper of the Financial Times criticised both Land of the Soviets and Tintin in the Congo as the " worst " of the Adventures , opining that they were " poorly drawn " and " largely plot @-@ free " . 
 Farr saw the 1946 colour version as poorer than the black and white original ; he said it had lost its " vibrancy " and " atmosphere " , and that the new depiction of the Congolese landscape was unconvincing and more like a European zoo than the " parched , dusty expanses of reality " . Peeters took a more positive attitude towards the 1946 version , commenting that it contained " aesthetic improvements " and " clarity of composition " because of Hergé 's personal development in draughtsmanship , as well as an enhancement in the dialogue , which had become " more lively and fluid . " 
 In his psychoanalytical study of the series , Jean @-@ Marie Apostolidès highlighted that in the Congolese adventure , Tintin represented progress and the Belgian state was a model for the natives to imitate . In doing so , he argued , they could become more European and thus civilised from the perspective of Belgian society , but that instead they ended up appearing as parodies . Opining that Tintin was imposing his own view of Africa onto the Congolese , Apostolidès remarked that Tintin appeared as a god @-@ figure , with evangelical overtones in the final scene . Literary critic Tom McCarthy concurred that Tintin represented the Belgian state , but also suggested that he acted as a Christian missionary , even being " a kind of god " akin to the character of Kurtz in Joseph Conrad 's Heart of Darkness ( 1899 ) . McCarthy compared the scene where Tintin exposes Muganga as a fraud to that in which the character of Prospero exposes the magician in William Shakespeare 's The Tempest . 
 
 = = Criticism = = 
 
 
 = = = Racism = = = 
 
 In the late 20th and early 21st centuries , several campaigners and writers characterised Tintin in the Congo as racist due to its portrayal of the Congolese as infantile and stupid . According to Tom McCarthy , Hergé depicted the Congolese as " good at heart but backwards and lazy , in need of European mastery . " There had been no such controversy when originally published , because it was only following the Wind of Change and decolonisation , which occurred during the 1950s and 1960s , that Western attitudes towards indigenous Africans shifted . Harry Thompson argued that one must view Tintin in the Congo in the context of European society in the 1930s and 1940s , and that Hergé had not written the book to be " deliberately racist " . He argued that it reflected the average Belgian view of Congolese people at the time , one that was more " patronising " than malevolent . Jean @-@ Marie Apostolidès supported this idea , as did biographer Benoît Peeters , who asserted , " Hergé was no more racist than the next man . " After meeting Hergé in the 1980s , Farr commented , " You couldn 't have met someone who was more open and less racist . " 
 Contrastingly , biographer Pierre Assouline stated that in 1930s Belgium , Hergé would have had access to literature by the likes of André Gide and Albert Londres that was critical of the colonial regime . Assouline claimed that Hergé instead chose not to read such reports because they conflicted with the views of his conservative milieu . Laurence Grove — President of the International Bande Dessinée Society and an academic at the University of Glasgow — concurred , remarking that Hergé adhered to prevailing societal trends in his work , and that " [ w ] hen it was fashionable to be a colonial racist , that 's what he was . " Comic book historian Mark McKinney noted that other Franco @-@ Belgian comic artists of the same period had chosen to depict the native Africans in a more favourable light , citing the examples of Jijé 's 1939 work Blondin et Cirage ( Blondy and Shoe @-@ Black ) , in which the protagonists are adopted brothers , one white , the other black , and Tif et Tondu , which was serialised in Spirou from 1939 to 1940 and in which the Congolese aid the Belgians against their American antagonists . 
 Farr and McCarthy stated that Tintin in the Congo was the most popular Tintin adventure in Francophone Africa . According to Thompson , the book remained hugely popular in the Congo even after the country achieved independence in 1960 . Nevertheless , government figures in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( DRC ) have criticised the book . In 2004 , after the Belgian Minister of Foreign Affairs Karel De Gucht described President Joseph Kabila 's provisional DRC government as incompetent , Congolese Information Minister Henri Mova Sakanyi accused him of " racism and nostalgia for colonialism " , remarking that it was like " Tintin in the Congo all over again . " De Gucht refused to retract his statement . 
 In July 2007 , British human rights lawyer David Enright complained to the United Kingdom 's Commission for Racial Equality ( CRE ) that he came across the book in the children 's section of Borders bookshop while shopping with his wife and two sons . The CRE called on bookshops to remove the comic , stating that it contained " hideous racial prejudice " by depicting Congolese who " look like monkeys and talk like imbeciles . " Responding that it was committed to letting its " customers make the choice " , Borders moved the book to an area reserved for adult graphic novels . UK bookseller Waterstone 's followed suit . Another British retailer , WHSmith , said that the book was sold on its website , but with a label that recommended it for readers aged 16 and over . The CRE 's attempt to ban the book was criticised by Conservative Party politician Ann Widdecombe , who remarked that the organisation had more important things to do than regulate the availability of historical children 's books . The media controversy increased interest in the book , and Borders reported that its sales of Tintin in the Congo had been boosted 4 @,@ 000 % , while it also rose to eighth on the Amazon.com bestseller list . Publisher Egmont UK also responded to racism concerns by placing a protective band around the book with a warning about its content and writing an introduction describing its historical context . 
 Tintin in the Congo also came under criticism in the United States ; in October 2007 , in response to a complaint by a patron , the Brooklyn Public Library in New York City placed the graphic novel in a locked back room , only permitting access by appointment . Tintin in the Congo became part of a drawn @-@ out media debate in Sweden after national newspaper Dagens Nyheter reported the removal of Tinin in the Congo from a children 's library in Kulturhuset in Stockholm in September 2011 . The incident , nicknamed " Tintin @-@ gate " , led to heated discussions in mainstream and social media concerning accusations of racism and censorship . 
 In August 2007 , Congolese student Bienvenu Mbutu Mondondo filed a complaint in Brussels , claiming that the book was an insult to the Congolese people and required banning . Public prosecutors investigated and initiated a criminal case . The matter was eventually transferred to a civil court in April 2010 . Mondondo 's lawyers argued that Tintin in the Congo amounted to " a justification of colonisation and of white supremacy " , and Mondondo called it " racist and xenophobic " . Alain Berenboom , lawyer for both Moulinsart , the company which controls Hergé 's estate , and Casterman , the book 's publisher , argued that the cartoonist 's depiction of the Congolese " wasn 't racism but kind paternalism " . He said that banning it would set a dangerous precedent for the availability of works by other historical authors , such as Charles Dickens or Jules Verne , which contain similar stereotypes of non @-@ white ethnicities . The court ruled in February 2012 that the book would not be banned , deciding that it was " clear that neither the story , nor the fact that it has been put on sale , has a goal to ... create an intimidating , hostile , degrading , or humiliating environment " , and that it therefore did not break Belgian law . Belgium 's Centre for Equal Opportunities warned against " over @-@ reaction and hyper political correctness " . Shortly after , Swedish @-@ Belgian Jean @-@ Dadaou Monyas filed a similar complaint , which was supported by Afrosvenskarna , an interest group for Swedes of African descent . The complaint to the Chancellor of Justice was turned down as violations of hate speech restrictions in the Swedish Fundamental Law on Freedom of Expression must be filed within one year of publication , and the latest Swedish edition of Tintin in the Congo appeared in 2005 . 
 The South African comics writer Anton Kannemeyer has parodied the perceived racist nature of the book to highlight what he sees as the continuing racist undertones of South African society . In his Pappa in Afrika ( 2010 ) , a satire of Tintin in the Congo , he portrays Tintin as an Afrikaner with racist views of indigenous Africans . 
 
 = = = Hunting and animal cruelty = = = 
 
 Tintin in the Congo shows Tintin taking part in what Michael Farr described as " the wholesale and gratuitous slaughter " of animals ; over the course of the Adventure , Tintin shoots several antelope , kills an ape to wear its skin , rams a rifle vertically into a crocodile 's open mouth , injures an elephant for ivory , stones a buffalo , and ( in earlier editions ) drills a hole into a rhinoceros before planting dynamite in its body , blowing it up from the inside . Such scenes reflect the popularity of big @-@ game hunting among whites and affluent visitors in Sub @-@ Saharan Africa during the 1930s . Hergé later felt guilty about his portrayal of animals in Tintin in the Congo and became an opponent of blood sports ; when he wrote Cigars of the Pharaoh ( 1934 ) , he had Tintin befriend a herd of elephants living in the Indian jungle . 
 Philippe Goddin stated that the scene in which Tintin shoots a herd of antelope was " enough to upset even the least ecological reader " in the 21st century . When India Book House first published the book in India in 2006 , that nation 's branch of the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals issued a public criticism , and chief functionary Anuradha Sawhney stated that the book was " replete with instances that send a message to young minds that it is acceptable to be cruel to animals . " 
 
 
 = Andrew Johnston ( singer ) = 
 
 Andrew Johnston ( born 23 September 1994 ) is a British singer who rose to fame when he appeared as a boy soprano on the second series of the UK television talent show Britain 's Got Talent in 2008 . Although he did not win the competition , he received a contract to record with Syco Music , a label owned by the Britain 's Got Talent judge Simon Cowell . Johnston 's debut album , One Voice , was released in September of the same year , and reached number four on the UK Albums Chart . Although Johnston originally performed as a treble , his voice has since matured to baritone , and he is now a member of the National Youth Choir . 
 Johnston was born in Dumfries , Scotland , and his parents separated when he was an infant . He and his mother moved to Carlisle , where they lived in " poverty " . He became head chorister at Carlisle Cathedral , and was bullied at school because of his love of classical music . While some journalists have argued Britain 's Got Talent producers took advantage of Johnston 's background , others have hailed his story as inspirational . In 2009 , he graduated from Trinity School . Johnston now studies full @-@ time at the Royal Northern College of Music . 
 
 = = History = = 
 
 
 = = = Early life and Carlisle Cathedral Choir = = = 
 
 Johnston was born on 23 September 1994 in Dumfries , Scotland , the son of Andrew Johnston and Morag Brannock . He was given the extensive name Andrew Aaron Lewis Patrick Brannock John Grieve Michael Robert Oscar Schmidt Johnston . Johnston 's parents separated when he was eight months old , and from that time he lived with his mother and three older siblings in Carlisle , Cumbria , in the north of England , where he attended Trinity School . Johnston tried out for Carlisle Cathedral Choir at the age of six at the recommendation of Kim Harris , a teacher at his primary school . He was auditioned by the choirmaster Jeremy Suter and accepted into the choir at the age of seven . Johnston 's mother , who had no previous association with the cathedral , described her feelings of being overwhelmed by emotion at having her boy singing in such a " stunning building among those extraordinary voices " . His mother also described Johnston 's busy regimen of practice four times a week and all day Sundays , saying that it took up all of their spare time . However , she said that the cathedral staff became like a family to her son , and that " it was such a lovely , safe , close feeling for him " . Johnston , who attended Trinity School , was subject to abuse and threats from bullies which drove him to contemplate quitting the choir , but he was helped through the ordeal by his choirmaster and the dean and canons of the cathedral . By the time of his participation in Britain 's Got Talent , Johnston was head chorister . 
 In September 2008 , after his appearance on Britain 's Got Talent but before the release of his first album , Johnston embarked on a tour of Norway with the choir , performing at Stavanger Cathedral and Utstein Abbey , among other places . The tour was conceived because the Diocese of Stavanger is connected with the Diocese of Carlisle through the Partnership for World Mission . This was Johnston 's last tour with the choir . Johnston features as head chorister on one of the choir 's albums , The Choral Music of F.W Wadely , released in November 2008 . 
 
 = = = Britain 's Got Talent = = = 
 
 Johnston was entered as a competitor in the second series of Britain 's Got Talent by his mother . He passed the first public audition , singing " Pie Jesu " from Andrew Lloyd Webber 's Requiem . Amanda Holden , one of the competition 's judges , was brought to tears , and the audience offered Johnston a standing ovation . Johnston was tipped as the favourite to win the competition . Later , Johnston described his initial audition as daunting , saying that " it was scary singing in front of 2 @,@ 500 people . I had never sang on stage before – then there was also Simon , Amanda and Piers " . He won his semi @-@ final heat on 27 May 2008 , receiving the most public votes on the night and thereby qualifying for the final . He sang " Tears in Heaven " by Eric Clapton ; judge Holden told him he had " a gift from God in [ his ] voice " . At the final on 30 May , he again sang " Pie Jesu " . He finished in third place , behind the winner , the street dancer George Sampson and runners @-@ up , the dance group Signature . Johnston left the stage in tears , later saying that he " was upset . But when you see the talent that was there , it was an honour just to be in the final " . The day after the final , Cowell 's publicist Max Clifford said that it was " quite possible " that Cowell would be offering record contracts to some of the finalists , including Johnston . Johnston and other contestants then embarked on a national arena tour . 
 During his initial audition , Johnston claimed that he was bullied and victimised from the age of six because of his singing . When asked how he dealt with the issue , he stated " I carry on singing . " There were claims in the Daily Mail , a UK @-@ based tabloid newspaper , that the programme 's producers had deliberately overstated the extent of Johnston 's bullying as a " sob story " , suggesting that sympathy rather than his singing got him many of the votes . However , in The Times , Johnston 's success story was described as " the stuff of fairytales " , as he was successful despite having been raised in " poverty " . Johnston said he did not talk about being bullied because he was told to do so by producers , but " because I believed it would help people who were going through what I had gone through be stronger " . Johnston has subsequently visited schools and elsewhere to help other victims of bullying . He said " I want to use my experience of bullies to help other kids " . 
 
 = = = One Voice = = = 
 
 On 12 June 2008 , while Johnston was travelling with the Britain 's Got Talent Live Tour , it was announced that Johnston had signed a record deal with Syco Music , a division of Sony BMG , and that his first album would be produced after the tour . The deal was reportedly for £ 1 million . After signing with Syco , Johnston made public appearances , including performing at Andrew Lloyd Webber 's birthday celebrations on 14 September , and at Carlisle United 's Brunton Park . 
 Johnston 's debut album , One Voice , was released on 29 September 2008 . It includes a cover of " Walking in the Air " , performed with Faryl Smith . The album was recorded over a six @-@ week period in London , and the track listing was chosen by Cowell . Johnston described the recording process as " brilliant " , and that it was " really good – just to be in a recording studio and meet the different people " . The album debuted in the British charts at number five , and finished the week at number four . The album was later certified gold , having sold 100 @,@ 000 copies , and Johnston was presented a gold disc by daytime television presenter Penny Smith . Critics responded positively to the album , with Kate Leaver , writing for the Korea JoongAng Daily , saying Johnston " has truer talent than hordes of his musical elders " and that " the vulnerability " of Johnston 's performance on the album " makes for a haunting musical experience " . In Music Week , the album was described as " highly @-@ anticipated " , and Johnston was called " exceptionally @-@ talented " . 
 After the album 's release , Johnston became involved in the Sing Up campaign , appearing in schools around the country to encourage other young people to join choirs . In December 2008 , Johnston made a guest appearance at Whitehaven 's Christmas fair , and performed at a carol service in Bradford . Johnston was also invited to turn on the Carlisle Christmas lights and perform at the celebrations . Mike Mitchelson , of Carlisle City Council , described Johnston as " one of our local heroes " . 
 
 = = = Hiatus and 2010s = = = 
 
 In September 2009 , Johnston announced that he would be taking a year off from singing as his voice had broken , changing him to a tenor . He had previously performed as a treble . He said " the tutors at [ the Royal Northern College of Music ] said they 'll be able to train my voice up again . It 's the same as it ever was , just deeper " . Johnston 's voice then changed from a tenor to a baritone . After remaining out of the spotlight for two years , he joined the National Youth Choir , saying " I 'm just another lad in there – no one focuses on Britain 's Got Talent and I 'm happy about that " . In 2011 , he was awarded a Royal School of Church Music Gold medal ; public performances that year included a charitable concert , alongside organists John Bromley and Tony Green , at St Paul 's Church , Helsby in November . 
 In September 2013 , Johnston began to study for a Bachelor of Music degree at the Royal Northern College of Music , under the tutelage of Jeff Lawton , who had previously tutored him at the Junior College . He immediately joined the college 's Chamber Choir and the Manchester Cathedral choir , but said that he intended to still sing with the Carlisle Cathedral choir where possible . While a student , Johnston 's singing was adversely affected by a broken nose , the result of an unprovoked attack in a Carlisle nightclub on New Year 's Day , 2014 . 
 
 = = Personal life = = 
 
 Johnston 's family home is in Stanwix , Carlisle . His mother , Morag Brannock , worked for the Office for National Statistics before giving up her job to support her son 's career . Prior to his Britain 's Got Talent appearances , he attended Trinity School , and later received tuition from a personal tutor . Johnston said that he " had a lot of support from local people when ... taking part in Britain 's Got Talent " , and was given a civic award for outstanding achievement by Carlisle City Council in March 2009 . 
 Johnston 's interests include jujitsu , in which he has a black belt . The Carlisle newspaper News and Star reported in September 2012 that Johnston had become the youngest person in the world to be granted a licence to teach the sport . 
 
 = = Discography = = 
 
 Studio albums 
 
 
 = Illinois ( Sufjan Stevens album ) = 
 
 Illinois ( styled Sufjan Stevens Invites You To : Come On Feel the Illinoise on the cover ; sometimes written as Illinoise ) is a 2005 concept album by American indie folk songwriter Sufjan Stevens . It is his fifth studio album , and features songs referencing places , events , and persons related to the U.S. state of Illinois . Illinois is Stevens ' second based on a U.S. state — part of a planned series of fifty that began with the 2003 album Michigan that Stevens has since acknowledged was a gag . 
 Stevens recorded and produced the album at multiple venues in New York City using low @-@ fidelity studio equipment and a variety of instruments between late 2004 and early 2005 . The artwork and lyrics explore the history , culture , art , and geography of the state — Stevens developed them after analyzing criminal , literary , and historical documents . Following a July 4 , 2005 release date , Stevens promoted Illinois with a world tour . 
 Critics praised the album for its well @-@ written lyrics and complex orchestrations ; in particular , reviewers noted Stevens ' progress as a songwriter since the release of Michigan . Illinois was named the best @-@ reviewed album of 2005 by review aggregator Metacritic , and was included on several reviewers ' " best of the decade " lists — including those of Paste , NPR , and Rolling Stone . The album amounted to Stevens ' greatest public success to date : it was his first to place on the Billboard 200 , and it topped the Billboard list of " Heatseekers Albums " . The varied instrumentation and experimental songwriting on the album invoked comparisons to work by Steve Reich , Neil Young , and The Cure . Besides numerous references to Illinois history , geography , and attractions , Stevens continued a theme of his songwriting career by including multiple references to his Christian faith . 
 
 = = Background , recording , and tour = = 
 
 Stevens launched his 50 @-@ state project in 2003 with the album Michigan and chose to focus on Illinois with this recording because " it wasn 't a great leap " , and he liked the state because he considered it the " center of gravity " for the American Midwest . Before creating the album , Stevens read literature by Illinois authors Saul Bellow and Carl Sandburg , and studied immigration records and history books for the state — he made the deliberate decision to avoid current events and focused on historical themes . He also took trips through several locations in Illinois and asked friends and members of Internet chat rooms for anecdotes about their experiences in the state . Although he began work in 2004 on Oregon @-@ themed songs and briefly considered releasing a Rhode Island 7 " , Stevens has since not released another album focused on a state , saying in a November 2009 interview with Paste that " the whole premise was such a joke , " and telling Andrew Purcell of The Guardian in October 2009 " I have no qualms about admitting [ the fifty states project ] was a promotional gimmick . " An Arkansas @-@ related song was released through NPR as " The Lord God Bird " and material intended for New Jersey and New York became The BQE . 
 All of the songs on Illinois were written , recorded , engineered , and produced by Stevens , with most of the material being recorded at The Buddy Project studio in Astoria , Queens , and in Stevens ' Brooklyn apartment . As with his previous albums , Stevens recorded in various locations , with additional piano recorded in St. Paul 's Church in Brooklyn ; strings and vocals performed in collaborators ' apartments ; electronic organ recorded in the New Jerusalem Recreational Room in Clarksboro , New Jersey ; and vibraphone played at Carroll Music Studios in New York City . Stevens mostly created the album without collaboration , focusing on the writing , performance , and technical creation of the album by himself : " I was pretty nearsighted in the construction of Illinois . I spent a lot of time alone , a few months in isolation working on my own and in the studio . I let things germinate and cultivate independently , without thinking about an audience or a live show at all . " 
 Stevens employed low @-@ fidelity recording equipment , which allowed him to retain creative control and keep costs low on recording Illinois . Typically , his process involved recording to 32 kHz 8 @-@ track tape using inexpensive microphones such as the Shure SM57 and AKG C1000 . He then employed Pro Tools for mixing and other production tasks . 
 After consulting with Michael Kaufmann and Lowell Brams of Asthmatic Kitty about the amount of material he had recorded , Stevens decided against a double album , saying that would be " arrogant " . In 2006 , several tracks recorded during these sessions were sent to Seattle @-@ based musician and producer James McAllister for additional instrumentation and production , and were released in 2006 on the follow @-@ up album The Avalanche : Outtakes and Extras from the Illinois Album . Among these outtakes are three separate recordings of the song " Chicago " — including the " Multiple Personality Disorder Version " , which was produced during a subsequent tour . The " Adult Contemporary Easy Listening Version " of the song was supposed to appear on the Illinois album , but was changed at the last minute . 
 Illinois was released on July 4 , 2005 , through Rough Trade Records in Europe and was distributed domestically by Asthmatic Kitty Records starting July 5 , 2005 . Although he initially had no plans to perform this material live , less than two weeks after the release of Illinois , Stevens embarked on a North American tour to promote the album , performing with a string section of eight to ten members named the Illinoisemakers . He deliberately chose to avoid television as a promotional tool and focused on the tour performances themselves . He was supported on some dates by opening acts Liz Janes ( who is also signed to Asthmatic Kitty ) and Laura Veirs as well as Illinois collaborator Shara Nova 's solo project My Brightest Diamond . He toured in support of the album again from September through November 2006 , this time including dates in several European cities . During the 2006 dates , Stevens and his band transitioned from wearing University of Illinois @-@ themed outfits to butterfly suits and bird wings . 
 
 = = Musical style and thematic elements = = 
 
 Reviewers have noted similarities between this album and those of musicians and composers in several musical genres — from pop to contemporary classical , even show tunes and jazz @-@ based time signatures . The lyrics and their rich thematic elements have been noted for their literary quality , earning comparisons to Ralph Waldo Emerson , Henry David Thoreau , William Carlos Williams , and Walt Whitman . 
 
 = = = Musical style = = = 
 
 Reviewers of Illinois have compared Stevens ' style to Steve Reich , Vince Guaraldi , the Danielson Famile , Neil Young , Nick Drake , and Death Cab for Cutie . Stevens ' use of large orchestral arrangements in his music — much of it played by himself through the use of multi @-@ track recording — has been noted by several reviewers . Rolling Stone summarized the musical influences of Illinois , saying " the music draws from high school marching bands , show tunes and ambient electronics ; we can suspect Steve Reich 's Music for 18 Musicians is an oft @-@ played record in the Stevens household , since he loves to echo it in his long instrumental passages . " A review in The A.V. Club referred to some of the vocal work as " regressively twee communalism " , but found Stevens ' music overall to be " highly developed " . The song " Come On ! Feel the Illinoise ! " uses a saxophone part from " Close to Me " by The Cure . 
 The creation of Illinois marked a shift in Stevens ' emphasis on songwriting and studio work toward live performance and more abstract concepts of motion and sound — subsequent tours and albums emphasized electronic music and modern dance over the indie folk material on Michigan and Illinois . He has ceased writing songs about individual characters with straightforward narratives or concept albums and briefly considered quitting the music business entirely after creating and promoting this album . He also found that the way in which he listened to music had changed after producing Illinois : 
 I think now I listen more as a technician and a researcher . I 'm always hearing music in terms of what I can take out of it , and I think I 've always listened like that . I have a hard time just listening for pleasure . I 'm much less about instinct , and more of a utilitarian listener . Like , what is the use of this song ? What is the usefulness of this melody for this theme or statement ? What are they doing that 's unusual sounding , and how can I learn from that ? 
 Stevens is a classically trained oboist and his knowledge of classical and baroque music influenced many of his arrangements . Stevens himself has noted the influence of composers Igor Stravinsky , Sergei Rachmaninoff , and Edvard Grieg ; along with contemporary composers Terry Riley , Steve Reich , and Philip Glass . The music on this album was written to be grandiose , to match the history of the territory . Stevens used time signature changes in the composition of Illinois for dynamic effect — for instance , " Come On ! Feel the Illinoise ! " begins with a 5 / 4 time signature and then changes to a standard 4 / 4 later in the song . 
 
 = = = Illinois themes = = = 
 
 Many of the lyrics in Illinois make references to persons , places , and events related to the state of the same name . " Concerning the UFO Sighting Near Highland , Illinois " is about a UFO sighting by police officers near Highland , Illinois , where several persons reported seeing a large triangular object with three lights flying at night . " Come on ! Feel the Illinoise ! " makes reference to the World 's Columbian Exposition , which took place in Chicago in 1893 . 
 " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " documents the story of the 1970s Chicago @-@ based serial killer of the same name . Several lyrics make explicit references to events in his life : " [ w ] hen the swingset hit his head " refers to an event in Gacy 's childhood , when a swing hit his head and caused a blood clot in his brain ; " He dressed up like a clown for them / with his face paint white and red " alludes to the nickname given to Gacy — the " Killer Clown " ; and " He put a cloth on their lips / Quiet hands , quiet kiss on the mouth " references Gacy 's use of chloroform to subdue and molest his victims . The song ends with the narrator turning inward with the lyrics : " And in my best behavior , I am really just like him / Look beneath the floorboards for the secrets I have hid . " Stevens stated in a 2009 interview with Paste that " we 're all capable of what [ Gacy ] did . " 
 " Casimir Pulaski Day " interweaves a personal story with the state holiday Casimir Pulaski Day . " The Man of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts " makes references to Superman , whose fictional hometown of Metropolis was partially modeled after Chicago ( the town of Metropolis , Illinois has also capitalized on this association ) . Jessica Hopper of the Chicago Reader noted that Ray Middleton — who was the first actor to play the comic book superhero — was also born in Chicago . " They Are Night Zombies ! ! They Are Neighbors ! ! They Have Come Back from the Dead ! ! Ahhhh ! " makes references to ghost towns of Illinois . Stevens relates experiences from a summer camp he went to as a child in Michigan for " The Predatory Wasp of the Palisades Is Out to Get Us ! " , but moved the locale to Illinois for the sake of the album . The track " Decatur , or , Round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " includes references to Decatur , Illinois , but Stevens stated the track also acted as " an exercise in rhyme schemes " . Some references to Decatur included in the song were alligator sightings in the area , the equipment manufacturer Caterpillar , and a flood that exhumed a graveyard of soldiers from the Civil War . 
 Other allusions to the state 's people , places , and events include the Black Hawk War , author Carl Sandburg , Stephen A. Douglas , Abraham Lincoln , the Sangamon River , the Chicago Cubs , the Sears Tower dubbed " Seer 's Tower " ( now called Willis Tower ) , and the localities of Jacksonville , Peoria , Metropolis , Savanna Caledonia , Secor , Magnolia , Kankakee , Evansville , and the several locations named Centerville , Illinois . During the tour following the release of Illinois , Stevens ' band wore cheerleader outfits based on those of the University of Illinois . 
 
 = = = Christianity = = = 
 
 Although Illinois is a concept album about the U.S. state , Stevens also explored themes related to Christianity and the Bible . As a Christian , he has written and recorded music about spiritual themes throughout his career — particularly on the 2004 album Seven Swans — and prefers to talk about religious topics through song rather than directly in interviews or public statements . The song " Decatur , or , Round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " includes the line " It 's the great I Am " — taken from the response God gave when Moses asked for his name in the Book of Exodus ( Exodus 3 : 14 ) . " Casimir Pulaski Day " describes the death of a girlfriend due to bone cancer , and the narrator questions God in the process . More abstract allusions appear in " The Man of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts " , which utilizes Superman as a Christ figure and " The Seer 's Tower " , which references the Book of Revelation and the Second Coming of Christ . Songs which were not written with an explicit theological focus — such as " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " — also feature religious themes such as sin and redemption . 
 
 = = Artwork = = 
 
 Divya Srinivasan created the album artwork , depicting a variety of Illinois @-@ related themes , including Abraham and Mary Todd Lincoln , the Sears Tower , and Black Hawk . The album cover reads , " Sufjan Stevens Invites You To : Come On Feel the Illinoise ! " as a wordplay on the common mispronunciation of the state 's name as " ill @-@ i @-@ NOYZ " and a reference to the Slade song " Cum On Feel the Noize " made famous in the United States by the metal band Quiet Riot . The text on the cover caused some confusion over the actual title of the album — it is officially titled Illinois , as opposed to Come on Feel the Illinoise or Illinoise . Paste listed Illinois as having the seventh best album art of the decade 2000 – 2009 . The album also won the PLUG Independent Music Award for Album Art / Packaging of the Year in 2006 . 
 Shortly after the release of the album , reports arose that DC Comics had issued a cease and desist letter to Asthmatic Kitty because of the depiction of Superman on the cover . However , on October 4 , 2005 , Asthmatic Kitty announced that there had been no cease and desist letter ; the record company 's own lawyers had warned about the copyright infringement . On June 30 , 2005 , Asthmatic Kitty 's distributor Secretly Canadian asked its retailers not to sell the album ; however , it was not recalled . On July 5 , the distributor told its retailers to go ahead and sell their copies , as DC Comics agreed to allow Asthmatic Kitty to sell the copies of the album that were already manufactured , but the image was removed from subsequent pressings . Soon after it was made public that the cover would be changed , copies of the album featuring Superman were sold for as high as $ 75 on eBay . On the vinyl edition released on November 22 , 2005 , Superman 's image is covered by a balloon sticker . The image of the balloon sticker was also used on the cover of the Compact Disc and later printings of the double vinyl release . Stevens himself was surprised by the development and also had to pay a fee for referencing lyrics from Woody Guthrie 's folk anthem " This Land Is Your Land " in the track " No Man 's Land " , which was later released on The Avalanche . 
 The 10th anniversary vinyl reissue of Illinois features the Marvel character Blue Marvel , who hails from Chicago , in place of Superman . Asthmatic Kitty obtained permission from Marvel to use the character 's likeness . 
 
 = = Reception = = 
 
 Illinois was Sufjan Stevens ' greatest commercial and critical success to date . For the first time , his work charted on the Billboard 200 and received several awards from critics . 
 
 = = = Sales figures and chart performance = = = 
 
 In its first week of sales , Illinois sold 9 @,@ 000 copies , 20 % coming from online sales . Overall , the album sold more than 100 @,@ 000 copies by November 2005 and over 300 @,@ 000 by the end of 2009 . It was the first Sufjan Stevens release to place on the Billboard 200 , reaching No. 121 within eight weeks on the chart . It also placed number one on Billboard 's " Heatseekers Albums " list and number four on the " Independent Albums " list , remaining on them for 32 and 39 weeks respectively . 
 
 = = = Critical reception = = = 
 
 Critical reception of Illinois was overwhelmingly positive . Review aggregator Metacritic compiled 40 critic reviews of Illinois and gave the album a 90 out of 100 , indicating " universal acclaim " , designating it the best @-@ reviewed album of 2005 . Andy Battaglia of The A.V. Club said that Stevens " has grown into one of the best song @-@ makers in indie rock " with the album . Tim Jonze of NME called Illinois " a brainy little fucker " and described Stevens as " prolific , intelligent and — most importantly — brimming with heart @-@ wrenching melodies . " Rob Sheffield of Rolling Stone responded favorably to the album , praising the " over @-@ the @-@ top arrangements " and Stevens ' " breathy , gentle voice " . Sheffield criticized " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " , stating that it " symbolizes nothing about American life except the existence of creative @-@ writing workshops " , but elsewhere praised the personal nature of songs such as " Chicago " and " Casimir Pulaski Day " . Michael Metivier of PopMatters described " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " as " horrifying , tragic , and deeply sad without proselytizing . " Amanda Petrusich of Pitchfork Media described Illinois as " strange and lush , as excessive and challenging as its giant , gushing song titles . " Dave Simpson of The Guardian echoed this sentiment by saying that the music sounds like " The Polyphonic Spree produced by Brian Eno . " The diversity in instrumentation also received a positive review from Entertainment Weekly 's Kristina Feliciano . 
 Jesse Jarnow of Paste praised the playful nature of Illinois , commenting that it had " sing @-@ song " melodies and " jaunty " orchestrations . Jarnow also noted ironic lyrics , citing a line from " The Predatory Wasp of the Palisades is Out to Get Us ! " : " I can 't explain the state I 'm in ... " after a section of the song that references many Illinois landmarks . Q called Illinois a " sizeable step forward " from Michigan , and said Stevens ' love for the state of Illinois is infectious . Uncut 's Andy Gill dubbed the album " an extraordinary achievement " . Catherine Lewis of The Washington Post responded favorably to the album , stating that it has well @-@ written lyrics , comparing Stevens ' rhyming to that of Stephin Merritt . Lewis cited " Casimir Pulaski Day " as one of the most memorable songs of the album . 
 
 = = = Accolades = = = 
 
 Illinois achieved lasting fame with inclusion on numerous reviewers ' " best of the year " and " best of the decade " lists . In particular , the album topped the best of the decade list appearing in the November 2009 issue of Paste and NPR named Illinois on their list of " The Decade 's 50 Most Important Recordings " . Pitchfork Media called Illinois the sixteenth best album of the decade , with Stevens ' previous album — Michigan — placing 70 on that same list . The album also won the 2005 New Pantheon Award — a type of Shortlist Music Prize . The album was also included in the book 1001 Albums You Must Hear Before You Die . Finally , Paste listed Stevens as one of their " 100 Best Living Songwriters " in 2006 , primarily due to the writing on Michigan and Illinois . 
 
 = = Track listing = = 
 
 Note that the titles of the songs vary slightly from the Compact Disc , digital , and vinyl releases . Full titles come directly from the vinyl album and have been adapted to the English capitalization standards . 
 All songs written and composed by Sufjan Stevens and published by New Jerusalem Music , ASCAP . 
 
 = = Personnel = = 
 
 Sufjan Stevens – acoustic guitar ; piano ; Wurlitzer ; bass guitar ; drums ; electric guitar ; oboe ; alto saxophone ; flute ; banjo ; glockenspiel ; accordion ; vibraphone ; alto , sopranino , soprano , and tenor recorders ; Casiotone MT @-@ 70 ; sleigh bells ; shaker ; tambourine ; triangle ; electronic organ ; vocals ; arrangement ; engineering ; recording ; production 
 Julianne Carney – violin 
 Alan Douches – mastering at West West Side Music , Tenafly , New Jersey 
 Jon Galloway – remixing on " Chicago " ( To String Remix ) 
 Marla Hansen – viola 
 The Illinoisemaker Choir – backing vocals and clapping on " The Black Hawk War , or , How to Demolish an Entire Civilization and Still Feel Good About Yourself in the Morning , or , We Apologize for the Inconvenience but You 're Going to Have to Leave Now , or , ' I Have Fought the Big Knives and Will Continue to Fight Them Until They Are Off Our Lands ! ' " , " Chicago " , " The Man of Metropolis Steals Our Hearts " , " They Are Night Zombies ! ! They Are Neighbors ! ! They Have Come Back from the Dead ! ! Ahhhh ! " , and " The Tallest Man , the Broadest Shoulders " 
 Tom Eaton 
 Jennifer Hoover 
 Katrina Kerns 
 Beccy Lock 
 Tara McDonnell 
 Maria Bella Jeffers – cello 
 Katrina Kerns – backing vocals on " Concerning the UFO Sighting Near Highland , Illinois " , " Come On ! Feel the Illinoise ! " , " Jacksonville " , " Prairie Fire That Wanders About " , " The Predatory Wasp of the Palisades Is Out to Get Us ! " , " The Seer 's Tower " , " The Tallest Man , the Broadest Shoulders " , and " The Avalanche " 
 James McAlister – drums , drum engineering 
 Craig Montoro – trumpet , backing vocals on " They Are Night Zombies ! ! They Are Neighbors ! ! They Have Come Back from the Dead ! ! Ahhhh ! " 
 Rob Moose – violin 
 Matt Morgan – backing vocals on " Decatur , or , Round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " 
 Daniel and Elin Smith – backing vocals and clapping on " Decatur , or , Round of Applause for Your Stepmother ! " 
 Divya Srinivasan – artwork 
 Shara Worden – backing vocals on " Concerning the UFO Sighting Near Highland , Illinois " , " Come On ! Feel the Illinoise ! " , " John Wayne Gacy , Jr . " , " Casimir Pulaski Day " , " Prairie Fire That Wanders About " , " The Predatory Wasp of the Palisades Is Out to Get Us ! " , " The Seer 's Tower " , " The Tallest Man , the Broadest Shoulders " , and " The Avalanche " 
 
 
 = Mycena galericulata = 
 
 Mycena galericulata is a mushroom species commonly known as the common bonnet , the toque mycena , or the rosy @-@ gill fairy helmet . The type species of the genus Mycena was first described scientifically in 1772 , but was not considered a Mycena until 1821 . It is quite variable in color , size , and shape , which makes it somewhat difficult to reliably identify in the field . The mushrooms have caps with distinct radial grooves , particularly at the margin . The cap 's color varies from grayish @-@ brown to dark brown and the shape ranges from bell @-@ like to bluntly conical to flattened with an umbo . The stem is hollow , white , tough and thin , without a ring and often roots deeply into the wood on which it grows . The gills are white to grayish or even pinkish when mature and are connected by distinct cross @-@ veins . The caps can reach 4 cm ( 1 @.@ 6 in ) in diameter , and have a mealy odor and taste . The spore print is white and the gills are pink at maturity , which can lead to possible confusion with species of the Pluteus genus . M. galericulata mushrooms grow mostly in clusters on the well @-@ decayed stumps of deciduous and coniferous trees from spring to autumn . The species can generally be considered inedible . It is common and widespread in the entire temperate zone of the Northern Hemisphere , but it has also been reported from Africa . 
 
 = = Taxonomy , classification , and naming = = 
 
 The fungus was first described scientifically as Agaricus galericulatus by Italian mycologist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli in 1772 , and sanctioned under this name by Elias Magnus Fries in his 1821 Systema Mycologicum . That same year , Samuel Frederick Gray transferred the species to the genus Mycena . Synonyms for the species include Agaricus conicus named by William Hudson in 1778 , Agaricus crispus described by August Johann Georg Karl Batsch in 1893 , Stereopodium galericulatum by Franklin Sumner Earle in 1909 , and Prunulus galericulatus by William Alphonso Murrill in 1916 . 
 Mycena galericulata is the type species of the genus Mycena . It is classified in section Mycena of Mycena in the infrageneric scheme of Rudolph Arnold Maas Geesteranus . In the older ( 1947 ) classification of Alexander H. Smith , he placed it in the subgenus Eumycena , section Typicae — " a most monotonous series of blackish , brown , gray , bluish @-@ gray , or brownish @-@ gray species mostly with ascending gills and generally large to moderate stature . " 
 The specific epithet galericulata is derived from the Latin galer , and means " with a small hat " . Gray called it the " helmetted high @-@ stool " . It is commonly known as the " common bonnet " , the " toque mycena " , or the " rosy @-@ gill fairy helmet " . 
 
 = = Description = = 
 
 The cap of M. galericulata is roughly conical when young , and eventually becomes broadly bell @-@ shaped or with a broad umbo that can reach diameters of 2 – 4 cm ( 0 @.@ 8 – 1 @.@ 6 in ) . The cap margin is initially somewhat curved inward , but soon evens out or even becomes uplifted , and often splits radially in age . The surface has radial grooves that extend nearly to the center , and feels greasy but not sticky . The color is somewhat buff @-@ brown on the margin , and fades gradually to pale dirty tan to dirty cinnamon @-@ brown . The flesh is thick in the center of the cap and tapers evenly to the margin , and is watery gray , with a cartilage @-@ like texture . The odor and taste are mildly to strongly farinaceous ( similar to the smell of freshly ground flour ) , to radish @-@ like . 
 The gills are narrowly attached ( adnexed ) to broadly attached or sinuate . The gill spacing ranges from close to somewhat distantly spaced , with 26 – 36 gills reaching the stem ; there are additionally three or four tiers of lamellulae ( short gills that do not extend completely from the cap margin to the stem ) . The gills are strongly intervenose ( possessing cross @-@ veins ) , moderately broad ( 5 – 7 mm ) , white or grayish white , soon flushed with pale pink , with even edges . The stem is 5 – 9 cm ( 2 @.@ 0 – 3 @.@ 5 in ) long , 2 – 4 mm ( 0 @.@ 08 – 0 @.@ 16 in ) thick , equal in width throughout , and with a cartilaginous texture . It is hollow , not hairy , either smooth or twisted with longitudinal striations , often with a long pseudorrhiza ( a subterranean elongation of the stem ) at the base . The stem color is pale grayish @-@ white on the upper portion , and pale grayish @-@ black below ; the base becomes somewhat dirty brown in age , but does not develop reddish stains . 
 Mycena galericulata produces a white spore print . The spores are ellipsoid , 8 – 10 by 5 @.@ 5 – 7 μm , and amyloid — which means they will turn blue @-@ black to black when stained with Melzer 's reagent . The basidia ( spore @-@ bearing cells ) have stout sterigmata , and measure 34 – 40 by 7 – 9 μm . They may be either two @-@ spored or four @-@ spored . There are numerous club @-@ shaped to rounded cheilocystidia ( cystidia on the gill edge ) , that measure 32 – 40 by 8 – 12 μm ; their apices or the entire enlarged portion bear rodlike projections that become increasingly elongated and branched in age . There are no pleurocystidia ( cystidia on the gill face ) . The gill tissue has a very thin cuticle , under which is a narrow hypoderm , while the remainder of the tissue comprises densely matted tufts of mycelia , and stains deep vinaceous @-@ brown in iodine . Clamp connections are present in the hyphae of the four @-@ spored forms . 
 
 = = = Edibility = = = 
 
 Opinions on the edibility of the mushroom vary . One source considers them to have a " delicate flavor and texture " , and suggests that they are good when " stewed gently in their own juice and then seasoned with salt , pepper and butter . " Others list the species as inedible , and notes that they have a " mildly rancid " smell , and with a taste ranging from rancid to farinaceous . Another says " unknown , but not recommended . " At any rate , the species falls into the general category of brownish Mycenas that are generally unappetizing as food due to their small size and delicate consistency . 
 
 = = = Similar species = = = 
 
 The winter bonnet ( M. tintinnabulum ) is a northern European species that is much smaller ( cap diameter up to 2 @.@ 6 cm ( 1 @.@ 0 in ) across ) and has a brown cap , and has ragged hairs at the base . It generally appears in late autumn to early winter on the stumps of deciduous trees , especially beech . It has pip @-@ shaped spores that are smaller than M. galericulata , around 4 @.@ 5 – 5 @.@ 5 by 2 @.@ 5 – 2 @.@ 8 µm . M. maculata develops pink stains on its gills as it matures ; its spores are 7 – 9 by 4 – 5 μm . Another similar species is M. inclinata , which can be distinguished by gills bearing reddish spots , which may become entirely red with age . It also has whitish , slender , threadlike flecks on the stalk . M. parabolica is thinner , and more fragile . Another Mycena that grows in clusters on decaying hardwoods is M. haematopus , but this species has a vinaceous @-@ brown cap with a scalloped margin , and a stem that bleeds reddish @-@ brown juice when injured . M. excisa closely resembles M. galericulata , but can be distinguished microscopically by the presence of both smooth and roughened cystidia ( bearing finger @-@ like projections ) . 
 
 = = Ecology , habitat and distribution = = 
 
 Mycena galericulata is saprobic , and grows on decaying hardwood and softwood sticks , chips , logs , and stumps . It can also grow from submerged wood , which may give it a terrestrial appearance . It typically grows in small clusters or sometimes singly . The fungus fruits from late spring to early winter . A study of litter @-@ decomposing fungi in a coniferous forest in Finland showed that M. galericulata produces extracellular hydrolytic enzymes in the humus and eluvial soil , including β @-@ glucosidase , β @-@ xylosidase , α @-@ glucosidase , butyrate esterase and sulphatase . The enzymes form complexes with inorganic and organic particles in the soil and break down ( depolymerize ) biopolymers such as cellulose , hemicellulose , and starch , which contributes to the cycling of carbon and nutrients . The presence of lead contamination in the soil decreases both the growth and the extracellular hydrolytic enzyme activity of M. galericulata . 
 Mycena galericulata is a very common and widely distributed species , found throughout the entire temperate zone of the Northern Hemisphere . In the United States , it occurs throughout eastern North America and also along the Pacific Coast . It has also been collected in Edo State , Nigeria . Although the mushroom has occasionally been reported from Australia , these collections are probably based on misidentifications , and " Australian records of Mycena galericulata are best regarded as erroneous " . 
 
 = = = Cited literature = = = 
 
 Smith AH . ( 1947 ) . North American species of Mycena . Ann Arbor , Michigan : University of Michigan Press . 
 
 
 = Crash Boom Bang ! = 
 
 For the Roxette album with a similar name , see Crash ! Boom ! Bang ! 
 Crash Boom Bang ! ( known in Japan as Crash Bandicoot Festival ) ( クラッシュ ・ バンディクー フェスティバル , Kurasshu Bandikū Fesutibaru ) is a party game developed by Dimps and published by Vivendi Universal Games in Japan and by Sierra Entertainment internationally for the Nintendo DS . It was released in Japan on July 20 , 2006 , in North America on October 10 , 2006 , in Europe on October 27 , 2006 , and in Australia on November 2 , 2006 . It is the only game in the Crash Bandicoot series to be developed by a Japanese company and the first to be released in Japan before North America . It was also the final game in the series to be released in Japan . 
 Crash Boom Bang ! is the first game to be released exclusively for the Nintendo DS , and the second party game of the series , after Crash Bash . The game 's story centers on a multi @-@ millionaire who uses the characters of the series to unearth a powerful object dubbed the " Super Big Power Crystal " . The game has received largely negative reception from reviewers , who criticized it for having unoriginal , dull gameplay and poor controls . 
 
 = = Gameplay = = 
 
 Crash Boom Bang ! ' s stages resemble board games , as each play area is split into a number of squares . The game takes place among four players , with the computer assigned to spare players . All players simultaneously roll dice . The number each player rolls is the amount of squares they move forward . Depending on the type of square that the player lands on , Wumpa Fruit ( which is used as points during the race ) can be won or lost , an item can be obtained , a special event might be triggered , or a mini @-@ game might commence . If a player lands on a fork in the road , the player will have to select the desired direction with either the stylus or the control pad . 
 In the Adventure Mode , the characters compete in a race for the Super Big Power Crystal . This race is made up of six stages , each containing smaller sub @-@ maps . The host of the race , the Viscount , sets a task for each stage . This task must be completed before the player can continue to another map . The player with the most points is the winner of the stage . The overall winner of all the stages is the winner of the Viscount 's race . In the Festival Mode , the gameplay is fundamentally the same as in the Adventure Mode , with the exception of the ability to select stages to play freely . In the My Room mode , the player 's character has his or her own private room in which he or she can either play minigames that have been collected in Adventure Mode , view a collection of items obtained in Adventure Mode , or create a Motion Panel , a unique in @-@ game communication tool can allow customized messages to be sent mid @-@ game to help friends or distract other players ' gameplay . The decorations in My Room is different for each character . 
 Crash Boom Bang ! features forty mini @-@ games that can be played alone or remotely against friends . Balance , timing , and intelligence are required to win these mini @-@ games . When a player is not taking part in a mini @-@ game , he or she can bet Wumpa Fruit on the winner . The player can help players that have been bet on or obstruct players that have not been bet on by using the Motion Panel . If the player has a special item , the player can access the Shop screen from the Bet screen and buy or sell items . 
